

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1: A New Life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I never thought the humans would be able to do it, but it seems like they have finally succeeded in defeating me.

Me…the one and only Great Dragon Sen.

They tried and tried again and after 1000 years, they finally succeeded.

That witch…who was she?

Was there always someone that powerful among them?

I couldn't remember the exact details of the events that happened before my death. I guess it's the old age. I remember the humans were always out to get me. Whenever I would find a place to call home, humans would come and attack for no reason.

They chased and chased my kind.

They killed my friends, my family, everyone I loved until I was the only one left. With nothing and no one left, I could only return the favour.

An eye for an eye as the humans would say. I heard a human shout that phrase at me as he was attacking me one time.

But it's over now. I can finally rest in peace.

As I was finally coming to terms with my death, I started to hear strange noises entering my head.

"It's a boy, a beautiful baby boy!"

I wanted to shout at whoever was ruining my final moments of rest.

What happened? Wasn't I meant to finally move on?

"Look at him. He's so cute!"

Cute?! Who would dare call Sen the almighty dragon cute?

I tried to take a look at the fools who would be taking their last breaths.

As I finally found the strength to open my eyes, two blurry figures started to come into my view. Slowly my blurry vision started to clear. At last I was able to see in front of me.

It was a human. A female human, I started to examine her closely as I had never seen a human this close before. She had long black hair with an egg-shaped face. Under her eyes were two huge black bags, but even though she looked tired she couldn't help but smile. The thing that shocked me the most was how gigantic this woman was.

Was this hell? Was I being tortured by giant humans for all those I had killed?

Whoever this human was, she wasn't ordinary, I had to escape. I used all my strength and tried to fly away.

Even if they are gigantic, they could never get me in the sky.

When I tried to fly, nothing happened. Then I realised I couldn't even feel my wings.

My back...they're gone! What happened to my wings? I slowly started to look down at my body and could see I was right…this was hell.

I was a human baby.

Next to the woman was a man just staring at me like I was a piece of meat. These vicious humans…

"Look at him squirming. Can I hold him?"

The woman began to pass me on to the man next to her. I tried my best to resist but I couldn't control my body. Every command I gave to my body just didn't seem to work. I tried shouting in protest but all that came out was sound of crying.

As the man held me in his hands, I stopped trying to shout. The crying in the room had stopped. Even though I had no control over my body, I could at least decide when I could make noise or not.

"Oh, he stopped crying. I think he likes his daddy"

The man was staring at me with a creepy smile.

If only I could fight back.

Wait a moment…wasn't this the perfect opportunity? I had a second chance. The chance to complete what I couldn't do before. Just like they had done to my race, now I had the chance to do the same to theirs. I could get my revenge and kill all humans.

"Ga, ga ga ga"

"Look at his cute laugh. He seems to be in a good mood now"

This stupid man. I will have my revenge with you first. I tried to focus all my energy into my mouth and tongue. I slowly gathered the saliva in my mouth waiting for it to build up. It was working…I could feel the bubbles building up in my mouth.

"What's wrong with him? It looks like he's about to be sick."

As the man got closer to my face, I knew this was my chance! I opened my mouth and expelled the liquid from my mouth as hard and as far as I could. The spit flew the short distance and landed right on his face. The man flinched and quickly gave me back to the woman.

"Yuck. I think he did that on purpose!"

"Ga, ga, ga" I started to laugh at the pathetic human.

The woman smiled.

"Looks like you're going to grow up to be a troublemaker."

I started to feel tired. Was all the energy I had consumed trying to control my mouth? Hadn't I just woken up? I tried to fight off the drowsiness but had no success. It was as if someone had put a spell on me. This weak human body…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2: A Mothers love
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Great Dragon Sen was bestowed upon the name "Ray". It was all because his father said that the name reminded him of the sunshine. But the Great Dragon Sen hated it. The name was just far too ordinary and average. He felt weak every time he heard his own name.

Ray—no, the Great Dragon Sen knew that he annoyed everyone with his cries and tantrums, but he didn't seem to put much thought to it. Every time his parents called him by his name, he would start to cry as a protest.

'What were they thinking, calling me Ray.'

He hated the name, for he found it unbefitting of his true self.

A few months had now passed since Sen entered his human body. His understanding of humans had significantly improved over time. In fact, he now even knew of his parents' name! Something he thought he would have never bothered to do. He soon realised how difficult it was to just call them long haired human and short haired human. As in the town, there were many long haired and short haired humans.

His mother was named Scarlett Talen while his father had the name Jack Talen.

Although he didn't quite understand their profession in the town; people seemed to deeply respect the couple. Every time they would have visitors, they would often come presenting them with gifts.

With the steady stream of visitors, Sen came to understand that his parents seemed to be better looking than the average human.

In the face department, his mother was the definition of beauty with long straight black hair, and a symmetrical face which always made her seem amiable and virtuous. Of course, his father wasn't lacking, his body was quite muscular and athletic compared to the other townsfolk.

The residence of Sen's humble family never lacked visitors, until something peculiar happened.

Sen's hair was coloured jet-black like his mother, but after a few months… His hair started changing its colour into a reddish hue. A few weeks after the initial discovery was all it took until his hair turned completely red, only a few black strands remained attached on his scalp.

Its survival served as evidence that he wasn't born this way.

This strange occurrence birthed rumours such as the Talen family being cursed. Hearing all of these, Sen realised that the colour red must be an unlucky colour in this world. But what could he do?

He was a red dragon.

He reckoned that some of his dragon powers were still living inside of him and it became the reason as to why his hair had changed into such an extent.

Sen was indignant, but in the end, he was just a child.

He took a mental note of everyone's face and kept his revenge plans on hold for there was a new enemy that he had to conquer first.

It was…

"Ray, are you ready for dinner?" Sen's mother, Scarlett asked with a smile.

Dinner time.

Sen sat in front of the table and he was strapped on his chair, unable to move. As for the reason why he was being restrained? Well, it was because Sen was being educated by his parents. In front of him, lying atop the table was a pair of spoon and fork.

The Great Dragon Sen who could only barely control the limbs of his newfound body struggled.

But oftentimes, he was left wondering…

Just how did humanity reach such precision when it comes to controlling a complicated machine such as their human body?

Sen found it incomprehensible that humans could make such minute movements to the extent that they could pick up something so tiny like this pair of spoon and fork.

Sen's interest was piqued, but dragons were innately prideful.

Being forced to do something such as using these tools in front of him made him a rebel.

He refused to believe that humans were far superior to dragons.

He proceeded to stick his head into the bowl of soup and then ate it as a true alpha dragon would do. Although his tongue was somewhat hurting, he was happy for he managed to show these humans how a true dragon ate its meal…

Sen lifted his head out of pride and smiled, thinking that he had bested the two by eating the food on his own terms than theirs.

Scarlett and Jack stared at each other for a moment before they chuckled.

"Ray, you're so silly… Look at the mess that you did!"

A smile was plastered across her face.

Sen was left dumbstruck.

Why?

Why was it that every time Sen tried to upset her mother, his actions would always end up with her smiling at him?

Sen hated to admit it but for the first time ever.

He came to know about the existence of a human whom he would never want to disappear.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3: My First Birthday
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A year passed and it was finally the Great Dragon Se—no, Ray's first birthday…

Ray's parents seemed to be watching over him with great interest. It was obvious why, for after that incident that happened six months ago. They were now expecting him to start walking on his own soon.

As for what that incident was referring to?

Well, it wasn't something admirable, but it sure did make him feel good.

Right when his father was in the middle of changing his diaper… Ray aimed carefully and fired a turbulent stream of yellow towards his father's face. It was a bullseye and he had successfully golden showered his father.

'Even now I can still get my revenge slowly, one person at a time.' He thought

The shocked look on his father's face made him get carried away. Looking at his?pathetic face caused a slip of the tongue and he subconsciously blurted out the word, "Idiot!" to him.

At that moment, Ray went rock-solid, terrified as to how his father would react towards his very first spoken word. He was still only a baby. Knowing humans they might, tie him on a stick and burn him suddenly calling him a witch.

But all of a sudden, his father's face went red and then tears of joy followed.

He held Ray up into the air and shouted.

"Ray… I knew you were a genius! You really are my son! You are special!"

Ray was thoroughly dumbfounded and amidst the confusion, he discovered that his father had his mouth wide open with joy. He now had the chance to golden shower him again right into his mouth, but he decided against it because his father's praise made him feel indescribably happy.

Because of this, his parents thought he was a quick learner. However, Ray always found walking incomprehensible.

But it wasn't because he was slacking.

In fact, he was trying his best to walk independently as soon as possible but he just couldn't seem to control his feet. His sense of balance was always off and this always discouraged Ray.

'What was the point of walking anyway?'

'Crawling is still better. I can move faster as well.'

Ray thought to himself.

But when he saw the disappointed looks on his parents as they secretly observed him from the dark, Ray decided, for some reason that he needed to show them just how capable he was. He felt the need to prove to them that he was indeed a genius.

He decided on that eventful night that he would make a habit of practising by himself, unbeknownst to his parents.

****

Within the past few months, Ray discovered a lot.

When his mother was reading him a bedtime story, he found out that the world he had previously lived in was the same world where he was living in at this moment. As for how he discovered the truth?

It was when he realised that the story his mother had told him was about the story of a vicious red dragon that often visited the land to punish naughty kids. The red dragon's name was Sen.

Ray instantly became proud that his name had turned into a household namesake. Often being used to scare children out of their wits. But this also made him sad.

'Just how much time had passed since the passing of my friends and the disappearance of my life?'

For Sen, it seemed as if only a second had passed between him being that so-called vicious red dragon and being a bonafide human being. Back in the days, those that knew the name of the Great Dragon Sen feared his might, but now…

He had become a bedtime story…

Ray could only shake his head and decide that he would delve deeper into this mystery when he got old enough.

Ray's first birthday in this world finally came and he received a sword from his father as a gift.

Needless to say, his mother was angry but it was understandable.

Just what would a child who couldn't even hold a pair of spoon and fork properly do with a sword?

The couple argued for quite a long time and to be honest, Ray could care less.

****

From time to time, Ray would often eavesdrop, through this he found out that his parents seemed to be working as Adventurers. His father was a Swordsman and his mother was a Mage! The profession seemed to be well respected and there were only two Adventurers in the whole town.

Unsurprisingly, those two people were his parents.

It explained why their residence entertained so many guests everyday…Why they always came bearing gifts.

Adventurers may not be a common sight to see, but mages were as rare as a qilin's feather.

Ray had never seen anyone cast magic before other than his mother who used it a few times when she got into an argument with her husband.

This rarity piqued Ray's interest and he wondered if he could even become a Mage in the future.

If he could, then…

It would make his revenge far easier than he had first expected.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4: Becoming a Mage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray's second birthday was neigh and he was more excited than ever.

Why?

It was because every child at the age of two could be tested if they had the ability to become a Mage.

As the son of an Adventurer and a Mage. It was understandable that Ray's talents needed to be tested if the adage that a tiger father does not beget a dog son is true. Ray's parents took him to the City Centre of the Alure Kingdom.

Their hometown was quite small and it did not have the necessary equipment to test his magical capabilities, so his parents decided to take him to the closest city to undergo the test.

It turned out that if one of your parents was a mage, then you had a pretty high chance of becoming a mage too! Although the chance wasn't 100%. It was still better than nothing. In fact, a good number of Mages in the current times came from the bloodline of previous mages.

Of course, Ray had no doubt that he could become a Mage. He was previously a dragon. Dragons were rulers of magic. He had more magic power than any human being could ever hope to. However, it was a lie to say that he didn't feel insecure.

After all, he may have been a dragon in his previous life but now he was a human being. He wasn't so complacent as to think that he didn't have any chances of failure.

Ray and his parents finally arrived at the City Centre and he immediately noticed some differences.

There seemed to be a higher number of Adventurers and Mages here. A lot of people were walking with magical tools around, but at the same time, Ray was saddened when he noticed the gap between the poor and the rich.

The rich and the powerful received clout and attention, but the poor and the beggars received nothing but disdain. He was saddened and frustrated by the fact that humans didn't seem to help those that were weaker than them.

Instead, they disdained and mocked them as lower beings than them even though they were all human beings the same.

Ray had once made it his obligation to protect the weak but despite his best efforts.

He had failed.

After walking through the City Centre while holding his mother's hand, they had finally reached their destination. Ray was tired from all the walking; his small body couldn't take much more. And gave out a small yawn.

'These beings when they are born they can't even fend for themselves and now this dreaded curse.'

It seemed like Ray;s father had something to do, and left the two as he made his way back home first before the others.

He looked at the cathedral-like building in front of him and discovered that it was bigger than four adult-sized dragons combined.

Nevertheless, it was a magnificent sight.

Scarlett, Ray's mother, was quick to explain that the building was a school called Roland Academy and that it had a strict policy wherein it only accepted Mages. This was the school that she attended when she was younger, and she hoped that Ray could also become its student.

They walked away from the school building and arrived into an adjacent building. This building seemed less impressive when compared to the main building, but one could easily see that the building wasn't made with less impressive materials.

The number of people inside the building was astounding. There was hardly any space to move.

Most of the people inside were parents with their children. They sat down and waited patiently in the reception room. Every so often, someone would come into the reception room, holding a list in their hand and they would call out someone's name.

The parents and the child would go into the room where the test was being held and after five minutes or so…

They would come out.

Most of the time, crying…

A few minutes later, the woman came out carrying that list again.

"Ray Talen, your turn for testing…" She announced as she swept her gaze across the crowd.

Ray jumped out of his seat and smiled.

He followed his mother and walked with the woman.

Along the way, Ray walked past a child who was furiously crying.

Apart from pity, Ray could only shake his head and scoff.

The world was unfair.

Always had been.

Ray followed the woman into the room that he had caught a glimpse of earlier and discovered that there was a table and two chairs on either side of that table. On top of the table was a big crystal orb and sitting in front of that orb was an old-looking man dressed in a white robe.

The other seat was empty.

Scarlett sat on that empty seat and she carried Ray over onto her lap.

He felt embarrassed that he had to be helped over onto his feet by a mere human.

He wanted to talk to himself, but the old-looking man was already talking.

"Please have your son put both of his hands onto the orb in front of you. The orb will emit light if he has any magical ability. The corresponding colour of the light will show what element he excels in."

Ray inwardly scoffed.

A single sentence was enough…

Ray closed his eyes, raised both of his hands into the air and grabbed the crystal ball from the sides.

"Ga… Ga… Gaaa!"

Ray inwardly laughed, expecting a grand result.

Then, he heard someone's stifled sobbing.

The voice was familiar, it seemed to have come from his mother?

Ray was pleasantly surprised.

Was his talent so awesome that his mother couldn't hold herself back any longer and started crying tears of joy?

She must've been so happy to see me become a Mage. Maybe I had awakened the Fire Element, same as my mother. Ray opened his eyes and realised that the crystal ball had no reaction at all whatsoever.

No light, no colour, nothing…

What?

"Condolences, but your son has no magical aptitude."

The old man said while shaking his head and stroking his beard.

Preposterous!

A dragon with no magic?

He must be wrong!

Ray hopped onto the table, careful that he wouldn't accidentally topple the crystal ball over onto the ground. He started walking towards the old man and mumbled.

"Don't wie…"

"I have mawic…"

Ray glared angrily at the old man while pointing to himself.

"I am sorry young man, but there is nothing that I can do."

The old-looking man let out a sigh and apologized. But Ray was unconvinced. He grabbed the old man's beard for he was so frustrated.

He was a dragon!

He was the Great Dragon Sen!

How could he not have any magic aptitude?

This old man must be lying and he's trying to hide my great powers from my mother in order to scam us!

Ray yanked harder on the old man's beard as he became angrier at the outcome of the test.

Scarlett latched onto his arm, trying to yank it away from the old man's beard. But since Ray was resisting hard, her efforts made it so that a few strands of the old man's beard came loose.

As the hair came falling down onto the ground, Ray was so amused that he started laughing.

"Ga, ga, gaaa…"

The old man was finally able to remove my hold from him as he stood up and shouted.

"Get these two out of my sight, right now!"

Ray stayed silent the whole trip back to their hometown. His mother was still quite annoyed for what he had done to the old man. The son and mother pair gave each other the cold shoulder as Scarlett eventually fell asleep.

But Ray was still wide awake.

What was going on?

'Was the world punishing me for the number of humans that I have killed back then?'

'That doesn't make sense…'

'Otherwise, why would I have gotten this second chance? If the world decided that I deserved some punishment, then it wouldn't have let me reincarnate.' Ray nodded to himself. He reckoned that the world must be testing me.

'If I am unable to become a Mage, then I must find another way to get my revenge.'

Ray reaffirmed his resolve.

He then thought about his father.

When they eventually got home, Scarlett told Jack about the unfortunate news. Jack was understandably upset, but it wasn't as serious as Scarlett.

The next morning, the family sat in front of the dinner table. Having finally grasped the ways of the spoon and fork, Ray realised that these items made the eating experience significantly better than before and there was no need to clean himself and the mess that he made after.

Once the breakfast was done, Ray decisively placed down his spoon and fork onto the table and stared straight into his father's eyes.

"Dad… Cwn you teweach me how to figwht?"

Silence descended.

But at the very next moment, Jack's eyes started shining in an excited light.

It seemed that his dream was going to come true after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5: Becoming A Swordsman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Four years had passed since then, and Ray, the reincarnation of the Great Dragon Sen had grown bigger in the past few years. He was now about 3-foot and 5-inches. His hair was red and spikey, though the combination was a bit strange for this day and age…

Ray had decided to change his hairstyle into this, for he missed his scales that would travel along his back. This was the closest thing that he could do so that he would still resemble a dragon.

Standing in front of Ray was a man wearing a full suit armour made out of leather. He held a sword in his hand and he had no headgear. This set was an optimal choice of equipment that enabled him to move at fast speeds while still being significantly protected.

The man in front of Ray... was his father.

Their stance made it obvious that they were about to go into battle.

Ray watched his father carefully with his eyes.

From an outsider's point of view, he looked incomparably relaxed. But Ray who was now familiar with his father knew that he was ready to attack at any moment. Since Ray turned four, every day at noon, he would battle against his father at lunch.

Not even once did he manage to beat him in the way of the sword.

But today…

Ray planned on changing that.

He made the first move. His father also moved in at the same time.

Before, Ray could barely follow his father's movements. But now he was able to follow his father's each and every action. Then, before his father could reach Ray's striking distance, he leapt into the air and decisively closed the gap between him and Ray.

Ray lifted a smile on his face.

Just how many times had he seen this scene?

Even he couldn't count just how many times his father used this move against him.

Now that he was prepared with what was about to happen.

He was ready.

Ray whispered to himself as he talked through the actions in his head.

'A strike from above, then a side step at the last second, a spin and attack him on his side!'

But…

Whack!

Ray's vision went black.

He passed out.

Moments later, he woke up and found himself back inside the house.

He could hear his mother scolding his father.

"Couldn't you have gone easy on him? He's only four-years-old!"

Ray could imagine his father sweating buckets as he tried to explain everything to his mother and the thought made him smile.

"It's only a year until the examination! I can't go easy on him… If he continues to be like this, then he won't be able to pass the entrance exam."

Ray was eavesdropping on his parents' conversation. They had no idea that he was already awake. But his mother's senses were far sharper than his expectations.

She saw him in the corner of her eyes.

She then rushed over and placed both of her hands on the side of his cheeks.

"Ray, are you alright? You really don't have to force yourself to do this. You don't have to follow our footsteps! There's a lot of noble jobs out there that you can do other than this!" Scarlett said in a worried tone of voice.

Ray could see as clear as day that Scarlett was indeed worried about him.

'She must've seen how depressed I was every time after our fights.'

Ray thought to himself.

But Ray wasn't upset because he lost against his father.

He was upset because he not only didn't have any talent as a Mage. He also has no talent for sword fighting. If he couldn't even beat an average Adventurer like his father, then how was he supposed to destroy the human race?

Ray's father came over and said with a smile on his face.

"We still have a year, Ray… Mind over matter. If you really want to, I know that you can do it."

'One year…'

'Was it enough time for me to improve?'

In a year's time, the Avrion Knight Academy Selection Process would begin.

It was the same school that his father had gone to.

At the age of five, any children were allowed to take the entrance exam and possibly receive the qualifications to enter the academy. Roland Academy was now out of the equation since Ray obviously didn't have any qualifications to become a Mage.

In short, his only choice right now at this moment was Avrion Academy.

Ray took a deep breath and stared at his parents.

"I'll do it…"

"I'll become the strongest that anyone has ever seen…"

Both Scarlett and Jack looked at each other with worried faces.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6: Special Training
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With more determination to succeed than ever before, Ray decided to double the amount of training that he was previously doing. His stamina and strength may have been above that of an average four-year-old, but his problem was his control when using the sword.

It felt as if his brain was far faster than his body and his hands were clumsy.

Whenever his brain ordered his body to do something, he could feel a significant enough lag causing him problems. However, there was one thing that Ray knew that he had to do in order to become even stronger.

It was to acquire real fighting experience in the field.

This would allow him to become a stronger fighter for it would enable him to move out of instincts instead of focusing on fine movements. After all, sometimes, instinctual movements were far better than deliberate movements based on controls.

Ray nodded to himself as he thought of this idea.

He then went outside and started looking for his father who had gone out a few minutes earlier.

He caught up to him somewhere on the road, walking on the trail out of town with a bag on his back.

"Dad, where are you going?" He asked.

"I got called to do a Quest. The Kingdom really needs my help, so I'm sorry Ray, but I am going to be gone for a few days, or maybe even longer…" Jack let out a sigh.

"But what about my training?" Ray shouted.

"No worries, I didn't forget about that. When you are ready, check out the barn. I'm sure you'll find a pleasant surprise, there." Jack said while walking towards the carriage that was already waiting for him.

Ray walked back into the house and slammed the door shut behind him.

'What was so important that he had to leave on such short notice?'

Ray took a deep breath and calmed down. He knew that getting angry wasn't going to get him anywhere.

He decided to go into the barn to check out the mystery and to his surprise.

The barn had been cleared out.

The barn was completely empty apart from one thing. In the middle of the barn stood a human-sized wooden doll. The doll had a sword and a shield in its hands. He walked up to the doll and noticed a note attached to its body.

The note read…

"Ray… I hope that you like my gift. Standing in front of you is a doll inscribed with magic. They use them on all recruits at the knight academy. Daddy had to pull some strings and use some of my connections and influences to get one…"

"To use this, just place your hand on the magic circle inscribed on the back of the doll and say the word, 'Level One.'. This doll can go up to level ten. You only need to pass level 1 to get into the knight academy. Don't even try anything past level 1 for it wouldn't be a pleasant experience."

"Daddy loves you, x."

Ray furrowed his eyebrows as he hurled the note over towards the corner of a room.

"Really… How strong can a wooden doll be?"

Ray pulled out his sword and swung as hard as he could at the doll. A magic circle appeared where he was aiming and just before his sword could reach the doll. It was stopped by an invisible wall, his sword couldn't move any further.

"So this is what magic can do? Pretty neat…"

"Damn it!"

Ray hacked at the doll once again and found his efforts to be futile as he shouted out of frustration.

Magic seemed to be far more powerful than Swordsmanship. 'If only I had the talent…' Ray lamented.

He then focused his attention back to the task at hand.

He went behind the doll, placed his hand on the magic circle and chanted the words, "Level one."

The doll lit up in purple light from head to toe.

Ray jumped back and prepared for battle, but even after thirty seconds had passed.

Nothing happened.

Surely, it wasn't broken?

'Well, of course, that idiot father of mine probably didn't check if the doll was working in the first place.'

Still…

Ray smiled and dashed towards the doll.

He sent a piercing thrust towards the body of the doll which was wide open.

*Clunk!*

The sound of his sword hitting the wooden shield was heard. Unbeknownst to Ray, the doll had moved its shield and blocked the sword. When Ray realised what had happened, the doll was already swinging its sword towards him.

Ray hurriedly leapt out of the way but he tripped over his other foot.

His body was moving slower than his mind again.

Before he knew it, he was now lying on the ground.

He closed his eyes bracing for pain, but after a few seconds had passed, he felt nothing.

Opening his eyes, he discovered that the doll had returned to its original position.

Ray scrunched his eyebrows. He ducked down and picked up a stone off the ground. Then, he threw it towards the doll. The doll reacted by blocking the stone with its shield and when the stone bounced, it struck it with its sword.

Ray was astonished, but he was also excited.

It seemed that the doll only reacted to attacks.

It didn't seem to take the initiative in fights!

Ray nodded to himself before he decided to test his theory.

He walked towards the doll and got as close as possible to it, without entering its striking distance. But noticing no movement, Ray became bolder and entered the striking distance of the doll. However, there were still no movements whatsoever from the doll.

He decided to launch a surprise attack.

"Gotcha!" He exclaimed.

But this time, the wooden doll moved back and avoided his strike. Then the doll dashed towards Ray and struck him on his face from the side. Everything happened so fast that Ray didn't have any chance to dodge. Although he could see the movements clearly, his body was lagging.

His reaction was slightly slower than the doll's sword.

*Whack!*

Ray directly endured the attack of the doll on his face.

His head was violently flung towards the direction of the strike.

The taste of iron filled his mouth as his knees buckled down. He fell onto the ground and droplets of blood began to drench the ground where he was.

The purple light that covered the doll earlier shone once more, but this time, a mechanical voice could be heard…

"Level 1 Failed… System deactivated."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7: A Duel
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray attempted to fight the doll four more times. Each time, it ended in his humiliating defeat.

However, by the fourth time. He was completely knocked out, unable to stand anymore. If not for the fact that his worried mother went out to find him and discovered him out cold on the cold and muddy ground of the barn, then he would've frozen right there and then.

Ray couldn't even complain.

The wooden sword of the doll didn't deal much damage to him.

But it was a painful experience fighting the doll, so he decided he needed a break. Furthermore, Ray also thought that it wasn't that good to be hit repeatedly with his fragile body.

When he woke up, he went out for some fresh air to clear his head and try to figure out a way to defeat the training doll. The village was a nice quaint place, and Ray greatly appreciated the peace. The place was located near the border of the Alure Kingdom and the Crune Empire.

The village was a mining village that often traded with both parties. In order to keep the steady stream of natural resources, the two sides often sent soldiers to protect the village from monstrous creatures. But only along the border of the kingdom and empire.

Ray went out of his own so he could practice away from the prying eyes of anyone. He discovered a hilltop just outside the village. He rushed towards the top of the hill and went beneath the shade of a nearby tree.

After making sure that nobody was around, he took a deep breath and swept his gaze across the views in front of him. The whole village could be seen, the view was breathtaking.

It had been a long time since Ray felt such peace and saw such a view. This was all that he wanted back then. Unfortunately, all of his peaceful days in the past?would always be interrupted. Though, those interruptions reminded him of why he had to train painstakingly every day.

Ray stood up and took out his sword. He closed his eyes and visualised the doll. In his mind, he knew what to do, he could see all the steps that he needed to take for victory. Ray opened his eyes and started swinging hard. His movements were fast, but it felt lacking for Ray.

He could feel that his body couldn't keep up with his brain.

Ray trained for a few hours until he felt drained. Covered in sweat, he sat beneath the shade of the tree and closed his eyes.

When he opened his eyes once more, he was surprised to see a little girl looking at him. He was so startled that he stood up, but ended up hitting the back of his head against the tree.

"Are you okay?" The girl said in a worried voice.

"You startled me! What was that for?"

Ray said while rubbing his head that collided against the tree.

Ray looked straight at the girl, she seemed to be around the same age as Ray. Wearing a little red dress with a basket in her hand. She had blue eyes and her blonde hair reached up to her collarbone.

She pointed towards the village.

"It is getting late and the sun is starting to set. I think it's better if we return to the village now. I was just thinking of how to wake you up, and that's why I was staring at you. Surprisingly, you woke up before I could even do anything." A smile was plastered across her face.

Ray looked up to the sky and discovered that the sun was already setting.

'I must've fallen asleep without realising it.'

"How did you know that I was here?" Ray asked.

"What are you talking about? I was here the whole time."

Noticing Ray's confusion, she pointed to the other side of the wide tree where Ray laid down earlier. An embarrassed smile appeared on Ray's face as he couldn't help but feel awkward realising that he wasn't able to detect her presence.

"My name is Amy… This is my spot. I come here all the time."

"My name's Ray…"

She smiled at Ray upon hearing his name.

"I know… You are quite a famous one around the village."

Ray knew too well what she meant.

It was because of the so-called curse of the Talen family brought upon by the sudden appearance of his red hair.

Just as Ray was starting to walk with Amy down the hill. A group of boys appeared in front of them. One of them was nearly identical to Amy. Apart from the clothes and short hair, there was nothing that one could use to differentiate the two from each other.

"Get away from my sister!" That boy shouted.

"He didn't do anything to me, Gary!" Amy jumped in, realising that an argument may blow up.

Gary proceeded to check if Amy was all right, he even checked if Amy's hair colour was starting to change which was a clear insult to Ray, "If I see you come near my sister again, then you are dead!"

He glared.

The two other boys chimed in, "Just do us a favour and leave the village, please…"

"Cursed boy…"

"Your mother and father should leave the village as well, they are just as much to blame for having?a cursed child like you."

Ray was greatly incensed. Blood started to rush over to his head. He wouldn't bother doing anything against them if their insults only targeted him, but they had touched his reverse scale…

Furthermore, his father and mother clearly protected the village in the past few years. These idiots clearly knew nothing about what his parents had done for the village. Yet, they dared to insult his mother and father? They dare insult his new family.

'These boys need to learn how hard life can be.'

Ray rushed towards the boy who said those final words. Ray directly sent a punch towards the boy's startled face, but it was blocked by Gary. However, Gary clearly didn't expect the power behind the punch, so he staggered backwards and lifted his other hand to support his hand.

"Why did you stop my punch? I only wish to hit the one that insulted my parents.'

Ray said.

"If you want to fight, I will humour you…" Gary declared.

"I don't care, all of you…can come fight me together."

This was what Ray needed, real life fighting experience, and against a bunch of kids his age it would be a good measure to see where his skills were at.

Ray scoffed and raised both of his arms in preparation to fight.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8: A New Idea
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two boys standing next to Gary came forward. But as soon as they did he held out his hand to stop them.

"I can take him out on my own." He said.

Gary removed the sword attached around his waist and threw it down onto the ground.

"No weapons."

"Fine…" Ray replied.

Ray did the same as Gary. To be honest, he was delighted that Gary suggested that they would use no weapons. It was because he had made it his policy to never kill children. Children were innocent, blank slates for Ray. It was the adults that made them go down the wrong path.

"I should be able to do this." Ray convinced himself. He had never won a match against his father, but this was the first time that he would be fighting against someone his age. This was a good chance to test himself.

Ray decided to attack first. He threw his fist towards Gary's face. Gary leaned back and avoided the punch. He then grabbed Ray's hand and pulled his body over to him.

His movements were so fluid that by the time Ray realised what just happened, Gary had already planted his knee in his face.

The two boys behind Gary started to laugh. Ray made a sidelong glance to Amy's direction and discovered that there was a saddened look on her face. She was blaming herself for what was happening, but she did nothing wrong.

All of this happened, because of human nature.

Gary was waiting for Ray to make another move.

He started to remind him of that damned training doll that he wanted to defeat.

The battle continued and Ray threw a feint.

Seeing this, Gary leaned back once more to avoid the punch, but since it was a feint…

Ray used the momentum of his punch to turn around and send a kick directly towards Gary.

Unfortunately, Gary lifting both his arms in a cross shape above his head blocked the kick with his forearms on time.

Then, he disappeared from Ray's view.

When he reappeared, Ray found himself staring at the sky.

Gary had moved beneath him and sent a sweeping kick across his ankles, making him lose his balance. The battle was then over right there and then.

Gary took his belongings and began to walk away with his friends and sister.

But before he could even go far away, he turned around and left some final words to Ray.

"You have your father's training and you're still this useless. You should stick to doing something you're already good at."

Ray stayed there lying on the ground, the pain had gone away but he couldn't help but think about Gary's final words. Eventually, something clicked in Ray's head as he stood up, wanting to try his theories out straight away.

…

Gary and Amy arrived home safely, and Amy started to rant at her brother. She protested, saying that Ray had done nothing wrong and she was the one that approached him.

"I was just looking out for you, Amy... Nothing ever good comes out from someone who has that red curse." Gary explained.

"I hate you…" Amy scoffed.

Amy cried and slammed the door behind her as she went into her room. inside his own room Gary started to take off his clothes. He was wearing a light set of leather armour. He noticed that something was strange around his forearms.

He took out the pads inside the armour that surrounded and protected his forearm. There, he realized that the metal pads had been completely ruined. Two huge dents, the size of a baseball could be seen.

"This must be the result of blocking that kick… That fight… It was closer than I thought."

Gary was correct in his thought. If he wasn't wearing the pads, then that kick would've broken his arms. Ray would've won that fight. What Ray wasn't aware of was that he actually fought good in that fight.

If he had fought against anyone else in his age in the village apart from Gary, he would've won quite easily.

It was an overstatement to say that he was an incredibly good fighter, but he was someone that couldn't be trifled with. Gary had been training to be a knight ever since he had the capacity to think about it.

He had a dream in his heart that one day, he would be able to get him and his family out of the poor situation that they were in.

…

Ray decided to go straight back home after his fight.

After losing against someone who was at the same age as him, Ray finally made a decision.

In order for change to happen, something must be changed. He couldn't keep doing the same thing over and over again while expecting different results.

Remembering Gary's words, Ray decided that he should probably follow what the boy had said and focus on what he was good at first and improve upon it. Ray thought long and hard after that fight as to just what aspect of fighting he was definitely good at.

Until finally, Ray discovered what he was looking for.

A couple of weeks had passed since the fight.

Ray had been going up the hilltop for several days already just to practice his new idea.

Every time he went up the hill, Amy would always be in her spot.

The two of them often talked together and Amy reassured him that her brother wouldn't do anything bad against him anymore.

However, Ray was suspicious if this was the truth since whenever they were about to go down the hill. She would always go ahead and check if there were people waiting for them in ambush.

Finally, Ray was back at the barn.

After weeks of effort, it was finally time for him to test his new idea and see if it would work against the training doll. He went up to the doll and said the words, "Level one.".

The purple light surrounded the doll once more and the battle finally began.

A few seconds later, the same purple light surrounded the doll once more. This time, the mechanical voice that accompanied its appearance said the words, "Level one. Passed."

Ray huffed and puffed.

He was sweating.

Not because of the few seconds of fighting, but because of mental pressure and stress. He genuinely wouldn't know what to do if his new fighting style failed. However, savouring the fruits of his efforts, a smile appeared on Ray's face.

He went back to the wooden doll and said, "Level 2."

He felt that he was ready.

He felt that it was time.

Time to see how far he could push himself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9: Missing!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had fought with the doll more times than he could count. He quickly became bored with fighting against the doll for he had realized that he reached the limit of what he was able to do with his new fighting style.

Spending more time fighting would just be wasting time.

Of course, Ray would still continue his training but he would rather continue it outside and savour the fresh air there, rather than stay inside the old barn.

He eventually decided to visit the hilltop once more. For some reason, it became his routine to visit the top of the hill and he looked forward to going there every day. As Ray climbed up to the top, there was already a smile on his face.

This was the usual routine that he had, there was a smile lifted on his lips for he was ready to tell Amy that he had finally defeated the training doll, but when he got there. He saw no one, not even a shadow of Amy was there.

"That's strange, did I get the time wrong?" Ray was pretty sure that Amy should have been here at this very spot. Thinking hard about what was going on, Ray surmised that something must've happened. Maybe, she would just come later.

He proceeded to do his usual routine. Pushing his body to the very limit, Ray felt as if he was a madman addicted to physical training. Furthermore, he seemed to be enjoying it even more now that he knew he was making progress.

A couple of hours had passed, yet there was still no sign of Amy.

Ray felt that there was something strange going on, but he couldn't quite grasp it. In the end, he decided that it must be because he was too excited to tell Amy about his recent achievement that he was starting to feel antsy.

Sensing the tiredness of his body, he leaned his head against the tree and closed his eyes. He hoped that when he opened his eyes once again, Amy would be there, standing in front of him and staring right into his face, startling him awake similar to that day.

Unfortunately, when Ray woke up a few hours later. Amy still wasn't there.

Letting out a sigh, he went down the hill and returned to the village.

There, he heard a few gossips and murmurs.

"Did you hear what happened?"

"Someone must go out and try find them!"

"Oh no… They are still so young…"

As Ray got closer to the village centre, he noticed a couple of adults pleading with the other villagers for help.

"Has anyone seen our children? It's already this dark, yet they still haven't come home!"

"Please! If anyone has any answers, then please tell us!"

Ray didn't recognize most of the adults that were asking for help, but two of the adults looked incredibly similar to Gary and Amy. PArents often looked quite similar to their kids. Had they gone missing? So this was the reason why Amy hadn't appeared at her usual spot today?

After a few minutes, an old man came forward.

"The last time I saw them, they were buying some new weapons from my store…"

The old man's words struck Ray like a horse carriage.

He remembered having a conversation with Amy the other day regarding her brother.

Gary had apparently been talking with her about going into the forest to hunt some beasts. Amy was obviously trying to talk him out of it. The forest mainly had basic-tier beasts, in short, anyone with decent skills should be able to make it out of there alive.

But even though the forest was generally safe due to the existence of humans. There was always a chance that a beast of a higher tier would arrive. Even though it was rare, a chance was still a chance. The worst could happen at any time.

The standard rule when it came to hunting was that one must never do it without the company of an Adventurer or a properly skilled guard.

The fact that Gary bought new equipment today meant that he was preparing for something and there was a good chance that he and his friends went out of the forest to hunt today. That explained why there were so many adults looking for their children.

These people had no one to ask for help.

Ray's parents, the bastion of this place when it came to skills were still out. Ray's father was still out on the quest that he received from the kingdom, while his mother was still in the city.

The town had a lot of skilled guards, but they had their jobs to do and they couldn't possibly leave their post to do menial work.

Although Ray hated Gary and his friends, Amy was nice to him. He looked forward to talking with her every day.

'Still, humans are the reason why I am suffering and why I suffered a lot back then. They deserve this, don't they?'

'This is just karma for what they had done to me…'

Ray was in the middle of his internal debate when he suddenly remembered the words that he said to Amy.

"That's right… I remember. I promised Amy that I would find her and tell her that I defeated the doll after I succeeded!"

Ray then rushed into the forest as fast as he could, hoping that it still wasn't too late.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10: My way
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray ran into the forest as fast as he could. He knew that every second counted. Amy had no way to defend herself since she wasn't a fighter like her brother.

As he entered the forest and looked around, his eyes sharpened to the limits as he looked over for any trail or disturbances that he could follow.

'There has to be something, a clue around here. Something that could tell me where they went.'

As Ray went deeper into the forest, he soon noticed blood marks splattered on a tree. The blood looked black and fresh, it was still wet. The colour of the blood made it obvious enough that it came from a beast, not a man.

following the blood marks scattered around the area he eventually came across a dead beast. It was a wolf covered in black fur. Underneath its stomach was a clean wound.

"It looks like it wasn't killed that long ago…"

Ray was convinced that Gary and his friends must've been the ones that ended the life of this wolf for the cut seemed to have come from a sword instead of a beast's claw due to how neat it was. Diving deeper into the forest, he started to come across more wolf carcasses.

Luckily, these beasts weren't that powerful. Anyone with decent swordplay should be able to handle them with ease. Of course, there were caveats, but these wolves normally weren't considered trouble.

However, the fact that there were so many carcasses worried Ray even more.

He knew that Gary and Amy weren't the types of people that would deliberately make their parents worry about their safety. Something must've happened and it was definitely the reason why they still hadn't returned.

Suddenly, a scream came from Ray's right side. The voice was without a doubt, coming from Amy's mouth. Ray sped like a cheetah towards the direction of the scream.

When he arrived, he was astounded by what he saw.

A lone black wolf stood strong and tall. It was around six feet tall with razor-sharp fangs. This wolf was definitely not something that anyone with decent swordplay could handle. Gary's two friends were lying on the ground nearby. Their condition, unknown.

Gary was standing in front of the wolf with his sword unsheathed.

Ray's eyes darted around the battlefield, looking for Amy when he suddenly spotted the blonde hair and the red dress.

She was frightened and shivering.

Ray started to move towards Gary's direction.

The battle between Gary and the wolf resumed as the wolf pounced onto Gary.

But despite the impending attack, Gary wasn't moving. He was obviously trying to protect the person behind him. He held up his sword horizontally to block the attack, but it was obviously useless.

The wolf was just far too strong for Gary to handle. The sheer size of the creature made it carry such raw force that Gary was sent flying towards a tree, and now his condition was unknown to.

The wolf began to look around for its next prey sniffing the air, and it had found Amy.

Meanwhile, Ray successfully closed the distance between him and the wolf. Noticing that it was being distracted on its task of looking for Amy.

Ray took advantage of this opportunity to attack.

'You practised for this right, now's the time to use everything you've got'

Running at full speed, he didn't draw his sword and left it sheeved.

The wolf attacked, and Ray ducked down so far until his body was practically on the floor as if on all fours. He quickly ran like a wild beast until quickly bringing himself up.

The window of opportunity was there, and Ray had no intention of letting it pass by.

His fingers had always been clumsy with holding objects, he struggled with a fork, so of course he would struggle with a spoon. Making his fist into a claw like shape, with no hesitation as he leapt up. He threw his whole hand into the beast eye, penetrating the soft tissue.

A clear cry of sorrow and pain rang out.

Ray landed onto the ground on all fours like a cat again, avoiding all the attacks. He always did prefer crawling but the human body wasn't optimized to move in this way. It helped him control his body better avoiding attacks, but it also slowed him down.

Although he was better and using his bearfists it wouldn't be enough for him to kill the beast. He took the sword from his side, and clenched down on the hilt with his Jaw. It wasn't to attack with, but so he could have easy access to it at any time.

With the sword in his mouth, he stared right at the beast.

The wolf also stared back at Ray.

"These are my humans, they are not for you to touch!" Ray glared.

This was the fighting style was what Ray had come up with after fighting Gary. He was never destined to use a sword. His fist was far better, but at the same time in this era with his weak body a weapon was needed.

His clumsy leg's stopped him from dodging, while on all fours he felt natural.

He wasn't human, so why must he try to fight like a human, when he could just use a fighting style where he was good at? I was a magical beast, the strongest one at that. I will fight on my own terms, in my own way.

The wolf moved.

But at the same time, as if by instinct, Ray's body also moved. The wolf tried to bite down on him, but Ray was far too fast and far too small for the wolf's gigantic teeth to nibble. He was now directly beneath the wolf.

Taking the Blade out from his mouth he sliced at the legs of the beast as he went past its body.

It was working!

Ray was delighted and made the mistake of celebrating too soon.

Just as he slipped past the wolf's body, it raised its hind legs and swiped at his direction.

Fortunately, Ray avoided most of the wolf's attack, but its claws still reached and scratched him.

Blood began to drip down Ray's chest as his vision swam and blurred. But he knew that he had to fight. The world was unfair, always had been. He knew that if he wanted to live, then he must kill.

The wolf gave Ray no time to rest as it took that opportunity to pounce onto him. The wolf opened its mouth for another attack, while he forced himself off the ground by kicking the mud beneath him.

He landed on a nearby tree, but he wasn't able to stay there for too long.

The wolf bit the tree and snapped it in half.

Ray who was in mid-air recognized the chance in front of him as he started spinning his body in order to gain momentum for his upcoming attack. He took the sword out of his mouth and held it with his hand.

Like a furiously spinning top, he decisively landed a fierce attack on the wolf's head.

A sorrowful cry followed afterwards.

The beast sustained an injury that was far too serious for it to handle, and it eventually fell onto the ground.

Ray also fell onto the ground.

He was tired. Out of breath, and worn out.

The wound on his chest was still bleeding, he had been too naive and now he was paying the price as the wound started to itch.

Gritting his teeth, he raised his sword and stared at the wolf's direction. To be honest, he was in doubt if that single decisive attack of his was enough to bring down the wolf.

He stared at the wolf, expecting it to move but as if confirming his thoughts, a screen appeared in front of him.

A mechanical voice rang in Ray's head and it read the messages on the screen out loud. But Ray's concern wasn't with the screen nor with the voice.

It was with Amy.

He had to make sure that she was okay.

And as if it was reading his mind, the same mechanical voice along with several transparent windows rang out and appeared right in front of Ray. The previous windows had vanished and after a few seconds, these new ones reappeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11: Cursed Child
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'What were all these useless messages appearing in front of me?'

Ray didn't have time to look at them for he dismissed them as soon as possible. The strange boxes were just a hindrance to his task.

He went over to where Amy was lying on the ground and checked if there were any noticeable wounds. Fortunately, it didn't look like Amy suffered any significant injuries. She just passed out from the stress and shock.

Picking her up he placed her on his back.

Then, he swept his gaze across the area and noticed that Gary was still out cold under the tree as well, as for the other two…

Ray wasn't so sure about their condition.

Shaking his head, he knew he couldn't bring them all back.

His strength was only enough to carry one more person.

But if someone was left alone here without consciousness, then they would surely be eaten by the other lesser beasts. Beasts often ate the leftovers of those beasts with higher tiers than them. Knowing this, he couldn't possibly leave them here.

But he knew that he had to make a choice.

He only knew Gary and Amy. He had no idea who the two other boys were, so he proceeded to pick up Gary and carried him in his arms, while Amy laid softly on his back.

The journey out of the forest was painfully slower than his journey into it. Even though he felt as if he had far more energy than before, carrying two people was still a daunting task even for Ray.

He?had no idea for how long he continued to carry the two, all that he knew was that in the entire process, his vision was swimming and he kept on fighting to keep himself awake.

It seemed like the wound across his chest had also impacted him.

Eventually, he managed to reach the exit of the forest and then entered the village where he could hear someone speaking.

"There are some kids over here!"

"It looks like they came from the forest."

"They must be the missing kids, call their parents, quick!"

The whole village came down quickly to see what was happening. Using both of his hands, Ray gently placed both Amy and Gary onto the ground.

"Please check them.. if they are okay…" Ray tried standing up and walking away from the area, but he soon fell onto the ground instead. He was just too weak at this moment, all that he could hear were voices amidst his swimming vision.

"What the hell happened here?"

"I have no idea, he came here carrying Gary and Amy. The three of them came from the direction of the forest."

"Gary and Amy? What about Bob and Kyle?"

"I'm sorry, he was only carrying these two…"

Ray couldn't see clearly at this point, but he knew that the person who was approaching him was a woman. That woman held him by his collar and lifted him off the ground, shouting,

"Where are Bob and Kyle?!" She cried.

Ray wanted to reply, but he was far too tired. He couldn't move any part of his body at all.

Suddenly, the frustrated woman slapped him across his face.

"You're the one who caused this, you cursed child! This is all your fault! Where are my children?! Give me back my children!"

Ray couldn't believe what was happening. But he knew that this woman was too scared to go into the forest by herself, so she was taking out her frustrations on him.

The others, instead of coming to his defence, started to back up the woman.

"Tell her where they are!"

"He was probably the one that lured them into the forest…"

"The curse is true! Look at what happened to those around him!"

The woman began to slap Ray repeatedly on the face. Every time Ray felt his consciousness slip, the woman would slap him awake, asking where were her children.

Ray gnashed his teeth and used the last bit of his strength to say, "They are… in… the… forest…"

The woman had stopped holding Ray's collar, and he fell back onto the ground.

"You only carried Gary and Amy here? You left them there to die?!" She shouted.

The others backed her up once again.

"How could he be so heartless… He managed to save Gary and Amy, yet why didn't he save Bob and Kyle?"

"Bob and Kyle are children, just how can they possibly survive deep in the forest?"

The murmurs around Ray made him feel aggrieved. Had these people forgotten that he was also a child? Or was the fact that his hair had turned red made them forget that he was still human?

'They are already thinking that I'm a monster; they don't see me as a child.'

Ray lifted a bitter smile.

At this moment, he understood that these humans were far scarier than the beasts whom they were deeply afraid of.

In fact, they were the true monsters.

The woman grabbed a wooden plank and she started walking towards Ray's direction. It was obvious what she was about to do to Ray, but no one wanted to stop her.

Ray gnashed his teeth.

'Is this how I am going to die?'

'Dying by a wooden plank?'

'What a joke… I promise that if I ever get a third chance, then I will return everything tenfold.'

The woman swung the wooden plank towards Ray's head, but something stopped it before it could arrive. Ray opened his eyes once more and discovered a small boy with curly blonde hair standing in front of Ray.

The young boy was Gary.

But before Ray could even begin to comprehend what was about to happen. His exhaustion finally caught up to him and he fell onto the ground, unconscious.

…

Just a few moments ago, Gary had woken up.

He couldn't believe that he was still alive with his sister laying on the ground beside him.

Just how did he survive the wolf's attack?

The last thing that he could remember was getting hit by the wolf's vicious claws.

Gary clutched his aching head and scoured the surroundings. He could see the entire village surrounding Ray. Beside him were his parents and he stood up to ask them, "What is going on…?"

"How did I get out of the forest?" Gary asked.

"When we heard the news, we rushed over here and saw you being carried by Ray. I can't believe that he would force you and the others to go into the forest…" Gary's mother said with an aggrieved look on her face.

"That cursed child… How dare he try to do such a thing!" His father angrily said.

Gary's parents had already taken what the others were saying as the irrefutable truth. For them, it was the only explanation for they couldn't believe that their children were stupid enough to go into the forest by their own aside from if they were being forced.

But Gary knew that they couldn't be farther from the truth. It was his idea to go into the forest to hunt some beasts in order to gain real-life battle experiences. In short, the only explanation that Gary had as to why they were still alive was that Ray must've saved them from death.

This theory was further solidified when he saw that Ray had claw marks across his chest, those injuries obviously came from the wolf that Gary had fought against earlier. But why was everyone attacking their saviour?

Gary quickly moved away from his parents and unsheathed his sword. As the wooden plank was about to hit Ray's face, he swung and made a clean cut right in the middle of the wooden plank. The splinters missed Ray's face and the two sections of the wood fell onto the floor.

"I will not let anyone harm me and my sister's saviour…" Gary decisively declared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12: Dragon System
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray woke up in a panic.

Out of breath…

Sweating…

He felt as if he died and had just returned to life. At least again anyway. Everything that happened felt like a nightmare. It was worse than when he was still the dragon. Back then, at least he had the power to fight back. He never felt so defenceless and hopeless before.

Raising his upper body he looked around to see where he was. It seemed that he had been taken into his room. His chest and face, wrapped with thick bandages.

There was still a slight pain in his chest, but the swelling on his face had come down a lot.

When looking to his side he could see his?mother had fallen asleep right beside him.

An inexplicable smile appeared on his lips.

'How could humans be so sweet, yet so cruel to another? '

The slight movement of Ray's hand woke her up. As she opened her eyes, they gradually became to water as tears formed on her eyelids.

"Ray… I can't believe it… You??re finally awake!" Scarlett cried out loud.

Her voice was so loud that Ray's father came crashing into the room a few moments later.

"You're awake… Don't do such a reckless thing again, Ray… We thought that you'd never wake up." Jack said.

Ray furrowed his eyebrows.

Hadn't it only been a day?

Why are they making such a fuss?

"How long was I asleep for?" he asked.

"You've been out cold for an entire week now. Your mother called me and I rushed back as fast as I could." Jack let out a sigh.

'A week? How was that possible?' Even though Ray knew that he was badly injured, a week of unconsciousness was just too much. No wonder his parents were so worried.

Ray set the thought aside and decided to ask about Bob and Kyle instead.

When his parents heard his question, the two of them turned pale. It turned out that after a few days of extensive searching, they still didn't manage to find Bob and Kyle. In the end, the only conclusion that they could draw upon was that they were dead.

The women of the village decided to place all the blame onto Ray even though his parents had explained to all of them as to what exactly had happened in the forest. Even Gary had said his piece and told everyone that it was his idea to go into the forest.

Unfortunately, no one believed him.

The stigma of the red hair was just too strong for him to counter.

It took Jack his entire strength to convince Scarlett so that she wouldn't beat these village women to their deaths.

Ray could only shake his head regarding the deaths of Bob and Kyle. He wasn't blaming himself for he knew that he needed to make a choice and at that time, he did what he could do.

The only thing that Ray was happy to hear about were stories related to Amy. His parents told him that Amy only received trivial injuries from the wolf. Gary had done a good job of protecting her. The doctor said that she merely fainted from shock.

Jack and Scarlett explained everything that Ray needed to know before they decided to leave the room in order to let him recuperate from his wounds properly. They also needed some sleep, after being worried sick for so long.

Now that they knew that their son wasn't in immediate danger anymore.

They could finally relax.

There was one thing that had been bothering Ray ever since he woke up. He remembered seeing a transparent status window appear right before him at that time, but he was just too preoccupied to pay any attention to it.

The last time he thought about the transparent status window, it reappeared. Ray assumed that the window would probably appear if he thought about it, and so… He did.

To his surprise, his theory worked.

'What is this strange system? Does every human have a system like this?'

The only person that could possibly ease Ray's doubts was his mother, but he was unsure how she would react if she heard about something like this.

Ray thought hard and long and then decided that there should be no harm trying to activate the skill. With a will, he activated the skill and his vision changed into wireframe view. The walls and the bed had become a white wireframe showing the buildings blocks of it all.

Ray looked towards the right and he could see his mother and father from beyond the wall.

Their bodies seemed to be giving off a golden glow.

It was difficult to explain, but Ray could see more than his regular eyesight. The glow from his parents' bodies even told him everything that he needed such as their heartbeats and information related to their bodies like their muscle fibres.

The vision didn't surprise Ray that much for he had something like this back when he was still a dragon. The skill sure was handy for it enabled him to see through obstacles. For example, if there was someone hiding behind a tree, then he would be able to see that person with a glance.

Ray deactivated the skill and looked at the status window in front of him once more. Even though using the skill wasn't that tiring, it still strained his eyes. On the status bar, there was a little transparent tab with a word inscribed on it that said, "Skills".

Opening it, a row of question marks appeared.

Only one skill was shown to be unlocked, it was the Blessing of the Dragon Eyes. At the very top of the list were the numbers 1/1000.

Ray made a quick guess and surmised that these numbers should be the number of skills that he had as a dragon. But he actually had no idea how many skills he had back when he was still a dragon.

After all, he wasn't the type to experiment back then and he only used skills which were convenient. In short, there was no way to confirm Ray's thoughts other than to unlock more skills.

But the problem was that what was needed to unlock skills?

He remembered that the skill was unlocked when he defeated the Intermediate Tiered beast wolf. Was the condition just to kill a beast, or does it have to be a new undefeated beast every time? If that's the case, then wouldn't it be too easy?

There were so many creatures in the entire continent no one could probably count them all.

Thinking about all of these made Ray remember that a second status window had appeared back then.

This…

Ray had no idea what a beast crystal was.

With no knowledge related to a so-called beast crystal, Ray decided to set it aside for now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: Fire! Fire!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took a couple more days for all of Ray's wounds to finally heal. The first thing that his father did when he had recovered was to take him outside to train.

Ray's father knew that he couldn't keep on spoon feeding his son. He had to leave him on his own in the future since he and his wife had their own jobs to do. Until now, they were fine leaving him alone, since Ray seemed to mature and knew better than others.

But now that an incident like this happened, Jack wanted to make sure that he could defend himself before he was given another quest to do. The spar this time went better than expected for Ray. As soon as the fight started, he activated his Dragon Eyes skill.

[Dragon eyes activated]

Jack ran up to him with a dash. The golden yellow light coming out of Jack's body gave Ray enough information on Jack's intentions. It allowed him to see where Jack's attack was coming from.

The golden yellow wireframe acted similar to an aura. It allowed him to take advantage of this, the aura would move before the trajectory of the attack was even sent.

This time, Ray managed to dodge most of Jack's attack and even tapped his father's side with his wooden sword. Of course, his father went up a notch and he lost straight after as usual.

"Wow… How did you improve so much in such a short amount of time?" Jack asked.

"I guess that life and death battle changed me for the better?" Ray nonchalantly replied.

Jack let out a smile. He ruffled his son's hair and said no more.

Words were unnecessary among men.

But to be honest, Ray felt somewhat guilty because he had never told his parents the truth. He didn't tell them that he defeated the wolf. He only told them that he managed to escape from the wolf using the trees as cover.

Although his reasoning had a lot of holes, it was more believable than the idea of a child defeating an intermediate tier wolf.

Ray went outside to train at his usual spot. The hilltop on the outskirts of town. Although training with his father was useful, he didn't have any plans of showing his father his new way of fighting. His father's wishes were for him to always become a swordsman. Not some martial artist who used their hands.

Because of this he still needed to practice his Swordsmanship.

While he was on his journey to his usual practice spot, he walked past Gary. Ever since that day, Gary had stopped bullying him. But the other kids, on the other hand, got worse with their bullying.

In fact, while Ray was doing his own business walking towards the hilltop. A group of kids hurled stones and one of them struck the back of his head. He stared at the kids for a moment and they all laughed at him.

Shaking his head, Ray proceeded to ignore the kids.

He could still endure their actions for they were children. But it would be a different story if they were adults. Similar to the parents of Bob and Kyle, they would have no excuse if they still acted like this when they grew up.

Finally reaching his destination he started his training. A few hours later, he decided to take a break and enjoy the view.

"I guess, she won't be coming anymore," Ray whispered to himself.

Since that day, he hadn't spoken to Amy at all. Rumours had spread that it was Ray that forced Gary, Amy, Bob and Kyle into the forest. The adults believed it for some reason, and the source of these rumours was, of course, the parents of Bob and Kyle.

Although he didn't see Amy as a friend. It was still better to have company than being alone. It was nice to pass time talking to someone else than to spend it in solitude.

Back when he was a dragon, he could feel the killing intent of humans directed to him whenever they saw him. Even now as a human. He felt as if he hadn't lost that ability.

Everyone who saw Ray so far had a bad impression of him due to his red hair. There were only three people in existence that didn't spite him despite how he looked. It was his parents, Jack, Scarlett, and Amy.

Ray let out a sigh and decided to call it a day.

He had a delicious dinner with his parents before heading over to his bedroom for a good nights sleep. Still plotting how he would eventually change the world.

In the middle of the night, Ray was woken up with the thick smell of charcoal. The source of the smell was obvious to him as the smell was something familiar to him, it came from a fire.

Ray's eyes snapped open in alarm. He activated his dragon eyes, so he could see where the fire was coming from.

To his surprise, only their house was on fire. It had started in the kitchen and was rapidly spreading throughout the entire house.

He quickly ran to his parents' bedroom to warn them of what was going on.

"Wake up! Wake up! There's a fire!" Ray shouted.

Both his parents awakened from their sleep and quickly assessed the situation. Without any hesitation, Jack grabbed Ray and Scarlett with both of his hands before he jumped straight out of the window.

While they were outside, the people were starting to gather at the commotion. Scarlett raised both of her hands and started whispering some words to herself.

The fire then started to move like a snake. It swirled, and Scarlett who was controlling the fire audibly mumbled, "Disperse."

The fire was split apart and it existed no more. The villagers gathering around the house started whispering with each other.

"It was the Talen's house!"

"Don't you think it's the boy's curse?"

"If we don't get rid of him then one day, the entire village might be destroyed…"

Ray proceeded to ignore the words of the people. It was painfully obvious that this fire wasn't an accident.

'The fire had started recently so the person who did all of these must still be nearby.'

As for the reason why they were sticking around?

It was probably because they wanted to see if they had succeeded in burning Ray down with his parents and their house.

Ray activated his dragon eyes and started to scour the area around him. There weren't many people out since it was in the middle of the night. The only people around the area were those wide awake, and reeling at the fire.

This made it easy for him to spot his suspect. Soon, his dragon eyes caught a figure shuffling about in the dark. It was too dark for Ray to see who the person was, but after following the figure for a while. He instantly realised the identity of the person who did all of these.

It was because the person had entered the residences that belonged to the family of Bob and Kyle.

Obviously, the perpetrators behind the fire were Bob and Kyle's mother.

Ray stood there in the dark with a grim look on his face.

He had enough.

'They tried to kill me and my parents and burn us down along with our house?'

'It seems like I have to start my revenge a little earlier than I had planned.'

Ray whispered into the air.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14: Black Forest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

(The next set of chapter up to 83 are written in the first person. The story is going through a rewrite but nothing story wise will change in the story itself. So feel free to continue as the first Person Ray talen.)

The next morning came. My parents were busy repairing the damage done to the house. Lucky my mother acted fast using her magic abilities to get rid of the fire. It reminded of how powerful and useful magic abilities were.

I couldn't do much to fix up the house in the first place. I didn't know anything about building materials. So my parents let me do my usual thing.

While my parents were busy it was a good time to execute my plan that I came up with. I decided that today I would head into the black forest. It was called the black forest because all the creatures and beast in the forest had black fur.

My goal was to hunt some basic tier creatures to use for my plan. This would also help with my training, so it was killing to birds with one stone.

The chances of me running into another intermediate beast tier were very low. Even if I did run into one this time, I would simply just run away. Just because I had defeated an intermediate beast before didn't mean I could do it again. There were many different types of creatures and some were stronger than others.

Before setting off on my trip into the forest, I grabbed a bucket to bring along with me. I also took my gear and basic previsions which included my sword bag water and food. With that, I left my house telling my parents I was off to train on top of the hill.

As soon as I entered the forest I activated my dragon eyes. My view changed and I started to see many spots of red aura throughout the forest. While yellow aura indicated humans, red indicated beasts.

I unsheathed my sword and put it in my mouth, biting down on the handle with my teeth. Got down on all fours ready to go after my prey. I called this form my beast form.

I moved towards the closest red spot I could see. As I got closer to the red spot I could make out the beast shape, it was a wolf beast. Approaching the wolf quickly, it had no time to notice me. Before it could turn around I had slashed its neck with the blade. A clean-cut had killed the beast instantly.

I carried on hunting beast while making my way towards the area where Bob and Kyle had gone missing. They were mainly just wolf's, but I did also meat a Crazed Monkey.

The monkey was covered in black fur with a single horn sticking out of the top of its head. The monkeys were more difficult to hunt then the wolfs as they were more agile and could climb up trees.

The monkeys simply found it too easy to avoid my sword weather I was using my beast form or not. They also had the ability to quickly climb up tall trees and hideaway.

I managed to hunt one down when I changed my strategy. Unlike the wolf, I decided to sneak up on the monkey while it was eating. I approached the monkey as quiet as possible, and at the last moment dashed at the monkey piercing it in the stomach.

After defeating the monkey a message appeared.

I was suprised, after defeating around twenty creatures the message finally popped up. This time it was a basic tier crystal instead of an intermediate one.

I carried on hunting and again after around ten creatures another message appeared.

With this, I could conclude that the crystal drop was random. I must have been simply lucky to have received one from the intermediate tier beast.

I had finally reached where Bob and Kyle's bodies were last seen. By now the traces of blood had completely disappeared. I activated dragon eyes again. As I thought, even though the traces of blood had disappeared it still showed faint lights of aura on the ground.

I followed the traces of aura until it had finally reached a small cave. My eyes could tell that the gave wasn't very deep it was only around ten feet deep. Inside the cave, there were two stronger light's of yellow aura and a very small red light.

Whatever the beast was, it was far too small to cause me any harm. I entered the cave and spotted the two bodies on the floor. They were unrecognisable, all of their flesh had been completely eaten away. If it wasn't for the fact that they were wearing the same close, I wouldn't have been able to tell it was them.

I took the clothes from the dead bodies and placed them inside my bag. As I was about to leave the cave I heard a animals cry coming from deeper inside. It was coming from the small red dot of aura. My curiosity got the better of me and decided to see what it was.

I went deeper inside the cave until I reached a dead end. When I looked down a wolf puppy the size of a football was whimpering away. It looked hungry like it hadn't eaten for days. Its mother had most likely been killed, as a puppy this small wasn't able to hunt for food themselves.

I knelt down towards the puppy looking at it with sympathy as I knew what it felt like to be on your own.

Suddenly a message window appeared.

I still hadn't got used to this system and was shocked by what I could see. The system was strange and at times it felt like it had a mind of its own.

Seeing how there was a good chance no harm could come from this I selected

I was expecting the system to show the food or water that I had carried with me. Instead, the only options it gave me were the crystals. This was a good chance for me to see if absorbing the crystals were harmful or not. I selected the Basic tier Crystal.

A small black crystal started to appear out of thin air directly in front of the wolf cub. The cub immediately began licking the crystal. The crystal quickly became smaller in size until it was completely gone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15: The Curse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

(The next set of chapter up to 83 are written in the first person. The story is going through a rewrite but nothing story wise will change in the story itself. So feel free to continue as the first Person Ray talen.)

After absorbing the crystal the cub had seemed to gain it's strength back. Its appearance was now healthy and the cub had even grown in size.

Two messages had stood out to me, one of them being the five points. Five points of what gained? It didn't really make any sense. The only way I might be able to tell what this figure was, was to absorb the crystal myself.

The Cub's appearance seemed to be better and even got slightly bigger. Did this mean if I was to absorb the crystals the same would happen to me?

The second message was that the cub had been tamed. With this, a new skill had been added to my skill list.

The only thing I could do was activate the skill to see what it could do. Suddenly after activating the skill, the cub in front of me started to glow as a white light surrounded it. The cub had transformed into a ping pong ball sized of white light. Swirling around eventually going into my head.

The Cub had disappeared but strangely I could still see and feel the cub inside my mind.

Looking at my skills, the Desummon pet skill changed to summon pet skill. There was no need to test what this was as I could take a good guess.

With what had happened to the cub after taking the crystal I was very curious to see what would happen to me. After all, it didn't seem to have any side effects to the cub. It looked like it had actually made the cub stronger.

This time I had selected yes. The black crystal started to appear in my hands just like with the cub. Once the black crystal had finished forming it began to be surrounded in white light. The white shining brighter and brighter until it cracked. Straight after the crack, the white light started to fade until the crystal burst into dust.

I could feel a surge of energy inside my body. It felt as if I was being reborn again. All of my senses started tingling, Although I didn't get any taller or bogger as the cub did, I definitely felt like I had gained a newfound strength.

I drew my sword and started swinging as hard and as fast as I could. My speed seemed to have improved. Such a significant improvement to my body and that was just with one crystal.

I decided to try to absorb the intermediate crystal. If the basic crystal had this much effect I couldn't wait to see what the intermediate crystal did. I couldn't help but smile at the thought.

I was a bit down from the error message I had received but still, I had been given hope.

As the sun was starting to set, I picked up my things and started heading out of the forest.

All was as usual when I got back home, my father had finished most of the repairs on the house so we could stay at home. I went to sleep as my mum tucked me in to say goodnight.

A few hours later it was time to start my plan. I went down to the barn house that was attached to the side of the house. Inside I had hidden the bucket that I'd taken with me to the forest earlier. Taking the bucket and the clothes of Bob and Kyle I made my way towards their mother's house.

I had finally made all the preparations I needed. making sure nobody had seen me with dragon eyes. I knocked on the door and found a place I could hide close by.

A plump woman in her late thirties came and answered the door. She looked around trying to find who had knocked at the door so late in the middle of the night. When looking around she had spotted in front of her door, an item of clothing on the floor. It looked like she had recognized who it belonged to straight away.

My plan was working, she started following the footsteps I had made earlier and along the way, she would find a new item of clothing that belonged to one of her sons. I used my own footprints as they were about the same size as her sons.

She continued to follow the items of clothing I had laid out along with the footprints until she arrived at the black forest. She stood still waiting outside for a while.

This was the only part of my plan that I was unsure off, would she go into the forest knowing that her son might be alive? judging by the drastic actions she had taken so far on me for revenge. I betted on their being a good chance she would.

The women gritted her teeth and walked in slowly. Each time she would pick up a new piece of clothing and take it with her. Up till this point, she had been calling out there names but now that she was in the forest she knew to be very careful.

I had been following her from above in the trees since she had entered the forest carefully waiting for the right moment. Then the women stopped.

"It's too dangerous I've gone in too deep, maybe I should turn back?" she said.

As she said those words I dropped the bucket on top of her. Out came a dark black sticky liquid which had drenched the women from head to toe. The bucket had been filled with Beast blood.

When I went into the forest earlier that day, it was not only to train myself but also to get the blood of the basic tier beast. They were attracted to the smell of beast blood from basic tiers as they knew it was a weak creature who had been injured. If I were to use a higher tier beast blood it would have the opposite effect. Unless there was something stronger than it in that area.

The women looked at the bucket on the ground.

"Who did this?" she shouted.

I jumped down from the tree above revealing my self standing directly opposite her.

"You, your eye's.... I knew you were cursed. I was right to try to get rid of you!" she said while shaking nervously.

Using dragon eyes I could see all the beast that had been attracted by the smell. the only reason I revealed my self was I wanted her to see who had caused her death.

The swarm of the beast had arrived, they went straight past as if I wasn't even there. Jumping onto the prey in front of them, not even giving her a fighting chance.

The next day the town was in an uproar at the fact that one of the villagers had gone missing. A new rumour began to spread again, that the curse of the Talen family was real.

The village people had stopped bullying and calling me names, at least not to my face. They were scared that if they did, the curse of the red dragon Sen would come to get them.

I liked this new rumour.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16: The Prophecy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Days went by with nothing new, or special happening. I would go to my usual spot training for the upcoming knight recruitment. While my mother and father would continue to be called out on quests.

My father was currently on a quest that was taking him longer than usual, a whole month had passed by. I was expecting him to come back any day now, so I could test the effect of the crystal I had absorbed.

I went home after my training on top of the hill. When I arrived home I opened the door and could hear my mother crying. I rushed to the kitchen were her voice was coming from.

My mother had her head down leaning on the table.

"Mother, what's wrong?" I asked.

She lifted her head from the table and couldn't stop the tears running down her face. "It's your father, he's not well"

She came over and knelt to my eye level trying to hold back her tears.

"Let's see him together I'm sure it will make him happy"

She grabbed my hand and started leading me to their bedroom. As we got closer to the room her grip got tighter around my little hand. We stopped just outside the bedroom door.

"Before we go in, I need you to be strong Ray,"

I nodded in response.

"Your father is sick Ray, don't listen to what he says but we need to be there for him" She began to open the door slowly.

My father was lying on down on the bed. When we entered the room he didn't even acknowledge we were there. His skin was pale and dried up as if he hadn't eaten for days, his hair had started to fall out and his eyes were sunken in. This was not the strong man I once knew.

As we walked over towards my father's body I could hear a few words coming out from him.

"The shadow.... it will kill us all... we...will all die...the shadow..the shadow" My father whispered to himself.

I quickly activated my dragon eyes skill, his body had changed aura from yellow strong gold to a dark sinister purple colour. I had never seen this colour before. What had happened to him?

I looked towards my mother who was staring at my father.

"What happened to him?"

"let's go talk outside"

As we were leaving the room my dad kept repeating the same words over and over.

We were sat down by the table as my mother had explained to me what had happened to father. My father had been infected by something called the shadow plague. A disease widespread through the continent with no known cure.

He obtained the plague on his latest quest. The plague had already covered half the continent and his latest quest took him near the border. My father had always found it hard to say no to people especially if they were in need.

The knights had brought him back while I was away. Saying he had been infected fighting on the front lines, protecting the citizens of a small village that was about to be overrun by shadow beasts.

As I was lying down in my room I was thinking of what had happened? I had never heard of the shadow plague r shadow beast in my time. There was crucial information that I was missing. How long had it been between me turning into a human and a dragon?

I didn't even know the state of the world I was in today. I was simply obsessed with my goal of revenge, that the thought never came. My family didn't own many books and my mother had told me all that she wanted me to know. when I pressed her for answers she simply said I would find out later.

I opened my status window and looked at the list of skills. The skills of the dragon eye and summon pet was there but underneath a figure could be seen.

It still said 1/1000 even though I had the summon pet skill. I never had this skill when I was a dragon so it might be only my dragon skills that this figure is related to.

I remember I had a skill that would clear all status conditions, perhaps it would also work on my father. The problem was I still had no idea how to unlock skills. I thought maybe the condition was to defeat a new creature but when defeating the crazed monkey my skill list had no change.

Then even if I found out how to unlock the skills, I wouldn't even know what skill I would obtain next.

I didn't know how long my father could last in his current condition. My mother would have to stop working to look after him. luckily they had saved up a bit of money that would last them but when that money ran out what could they do?

To get the answers that I wanted the best chance was to get into Roland knight academy. With their help and knowledge, I would find the answers I was looking for. What the black plaque was and what had happened to the world after my defeat.

Two weeks remained until the knights would arrive in town looking for candidates. I needed to get into that academy now more than ever. I had lost my family before, I wasn't ready to lose another family again.

*****

In a cathedral-like church hall somewhere in the land, a group of elders had gathered. They were all wearing white robes surrounding a giant glowing ball object that stood in the middle of the room.

The elders began to speak to one another with worried looks on their faces.

"The prophecy has been told," One of the elders said.

"Yes but this is difficult"

"Difficult indeed"

"We must search for the boy with red hair and guide him on the right path, for this boy has two destinies. If we fail, he will bring the destruction of the world, if we succeed, he will be the saviour."

The elders nodded in agreement.

"We must inform the land quickly!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17: The Three Knights
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

My father's condition didn't get any better or worse, but the situation that I was in made me angry. My father had fought on the front lines for years and I doubt the people he saved even remember his name. For all the years he worked as an adventurer protecting people, now that he was the one who needed help, no one was there beside him. Only me and mother. It seemed like humans didn't bother rewarding those who did good deeds in their lives. This thought made me angry only driving my focus more.

My goal now was to pass the Avrion Knight examination and today was that day.

The village was more uplifting than usual due to the knight's coming from Avrion Academy . It was a very rare occasion that only happened once a year, they treated the event as if it was a festival. Decorations where out on the streets and women were dressed in their best clothing hoping to catch the eye of one of the knights.

I was waiting in the village square. There were a lot of people out today with their kids, swinging their swords practising for the upcoming event, hoping that their child would succeed. I happened to spot Gary on his own but still no sign of Amy.

Suddenly loud cheers could be heard coming from the south direction of the village.

"They're here," I said smiling.

Three men had entered the town. Each man was riding their own horse, with their huge muscular bodies, waving at the folk as they passed by. On each horse, a blanket down the side displaying the crest of Avrion Academy, followed by a carriage also baring the crest.

These three men were the ones who were going to decide my fate. I could feel my fingers tingling with excitement.

The knights climbed off their horse and walked towards the wooden stand in the middle of the village, which was often used for announcements.

The three of them were a bit of a mismatch, to say the least. In the middle stood the tallest of the three. A man with black hair, chiselled face and body, with a warm-hearted smile. He reminded me of my father.

Next to him on the left was a fat round man short with a beard that reached his waist. Holding an axe across his chest as if it was a lover of his.

Finally the last man on the right. Curly blonde hair and blue eyes. Some might mistake him for a girl if you were only to look at his face. His armour also stood out compared to the rest. Although all of them had impressive pieces of gear with them, his armour had a shine to it. Most people would have to sell their land and children to afford equipment like that.

The man in the middle came towards the front and started his speech.

"I am Knight Winford of Avrion academy, I have come here today with my fellow Knights Bernardo, and fellow Knight Delbert." He shouted in a calm voice.

The two Knights bowed to the crowd as their names were mentioned, a few of the girls screamed when Knight Delbert was mentioned. The man in the centre continued to talk.

"We are here today to test if any of you young children have what it takes, to become a knight and bare our Crest proudly."

The man unsheathed his sword and placed it into the ground below him.

"May the test begin"

The crowd of people cheered in response.

Quickly a group of people came out from the carriage behind them, each holding wooden planks in their hand. They went straight to work and started to make a platform in the middle of the village square.

Thirty minutes later and the platform had finished being made. In the middle of the platform sat a doll that I recognized well. It was the same type of doll that my father had given me to practice.

Knight Bernardo came to the centre of the stage still carrying the axe in his hand.

"The rules are simple, you must defeat the doll in combat, the use of magic is prohibited, but you may use any weapon of your choice." He shouted.

"Is there anyone who would like to have the first try?" he said with a faint smile on his face.

A lot of kids had put there hand up, thinking that the task was simply too easy. What could a doll do? If I hadn't fought the doll before I would have probably done the same.

The first contestant came to the stage, a young boy who had an athletic build for his age, he was holding a standard sword which could be brought from any local blacksmith.

Bernardo went to the back of the doll and simply said "level 1" The doll was surrounded by a purple light as it was activating.

The boy rushed in straight away as soon as the test began, swinging with a good strike towards the doll's body. The boys' parents stood in the crowd smiling, already thinking that the boy had passed. The next moments their Jaws had dropped to the floor.

The doll quickly moved its shield to block the strike. In response, it hit the boy across the face with its wooden sword. Blood flung from the boy's mouth as his body hit the floor.

The rowdy crowd had gone silent.

The instructors had been taking turns to asses the candidates. Each one ending in failure after failure at this point no one would pass the assessment.

I moved closer to the platform as it was nearing my turn. I could hear knight Winfred and Knight Delbert talking to each other. My senses and focus had improved after taking the crystal it was as if the two had been talking next to me.

"I told you coming to this village was a waste of time," Delbert complained.

"We must preform our duty as the elders have asked" Winfred replied.

"A knight should be noble, not some filthy commoner from a dead beat village"

Winfred sighed

"The land is in trouble, and we must find the boy in the prophecy, we have gathered four already, but who knows if the boy is among them,"

"You believe in such crazy things,"

Delbert said with his hand in his face as another contender failed.

Winfred remained silent at the question.

As the two of them were having their conversation a surprising thing had happened. A contestant had finally passed the test.

I looked up at the boy who's hand was being held in the air by Barnardo, it was a face that I knew well.

Gary had been the first person to pass the test.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18: Reborn
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary started crying as happiness began to overwhelm him. After all, it was his dream to become a knight. Seeing this I remembered, in the end, Gary was only five years old. Even though he often acted more mature for his age.

As Gary was walking off the stage our eyes met. He quickly rubbed his tears away and gave me a thumbs up. I had never seen him act this way before, and honestly, didn't know how to respond.

A couple more contestants took the test before me, ending in the same result as previous contenders. Gary was the only one who had passed so far.

It was my turn to step on the stage, as I walked up to take my position opposite the doll the villagers started talking.

"It's him, the cursed boy"

"Did you hear what happened to his father?"

"Does he think he can become a knight?"

Their words didn't matter to me cause right now, I only had one goal in mind. I took out my sword and held it in my hand ready.

****

Wilfred and Barnado were sitting next to each other discussing the contestants of the village.

"It looks like there will only be one from this village"

Barnado said.

Just as Barnardo had said those words something seemed to catch Wilfrieds attention. It was the boy who was coming to the stage.

"The boy has red hair!" Wilfred said jumping out of his seat.

"Ah, yes and so this marks the fifth one," Barnado said putting his hand on Wilfred's shoulder to calm him down.

Delbert was now in the rotation of assessing candidates. He didn't think much of the village or the common folk and never suspected much out of them.

When Ray had appeared on stage with his red hair, he could see Wilfred getting exited from the corner of his eye. This only infuriated Delbert more. He didn't believe in the so-called prophecy. He believed that all knights should come from a noble background, how could the hero come from a village like this.

With ray standing firm with the sword held in his hand, Delbert could see the confidence that Ray had. Upon activating the doll Delbert decided to do some tinkering. He went behind the doll and whispered.

"Level 3"

Unlike with the other contestants, the doll started to move towards Ray. As the doll quickly dashed with its wooden legs at full speed.

Wilfred stood up in his seat.

"Delbert how could he!"

Delbert thought if the prophecy was true and this person was meant to be our saviour, then this should be an easy task of someone so great.

The doll continued to move towards Ray until the strike was inches away from his face. When suddenly a wooden head could be seen rolling around on the floor. The doll had stopped in its tracks.

Ray had swung his sword so fast that no one was able to see. Only the three knights from Roland had seen Ray's magnificent speed.

Once the news of his father sickness had reached Ray's ears, in preparation for the upcoming exam Ray had decided to hunt some more Basic tier beasts. He had obtained some crystal and right now his points had reached 36 compared to the 7 they were before. Ray had felt as if he had taken control of an entirely new body.

*****

With passing the test, the knights had told me and Gary to say goodbye to our families and pack our belongings. I knew this would happen as my father had informed me that once you passed the test you would start straight away.

I headed home to get a few things. honestly, I didn't have much as I didn't care for human things, none of this stuff meant anything to me. Before leaving I went to the room my father was occupying.

I saw him lying there repeating the same words about the shadows.

"Dad, I passed the knight exam, I know you probably can't here me... but I will find a way to make you better. "

As I said these words my dad stopped speaking for a few seconds. I didn't know if it was my imagination or not but a slight smile seemed to twitch on his face. My father was still in there fighting.

I headed out to the front door to say my final goodbyes to my mother. My mother's tears hadn't stopped since she heard the good news. She had always been a worrier.

"Ray, I want you to take this with you before you go" She handed me a blue circular pendant and proceeded to put it around my neck.

"It's a family heirloom, hopefully, it will bring you good luck just like it did with me." She said.

With my goodbye to my parents done I proceeded to head to the carriage at the edge of town. I was happy to finally be leaving this place once and for all. There weren't many good memories I had of this town. The very few that I did have with my family and Amy had now become bad ones.

As I reached the edge of town the three knights were sitting on their horses waiting. Inside the carriage, I could see that Gary was already sitting inside. I quickly ran over to the carriage and hopped in picking a seat away from Gary.

As the carriage went away from the village I looked at the view one last time.

It had been 3 hours since leaving the village with Gary, and we still hadn't said a word to each other. The silence was killing me. being the adult I decided to break the silence first.

"So what happened to Amy I didn't see her around?" I asked.

"She went to Roland academy, didn't she tell you?"

"The mage school!" I stood and shouted.

In all the times that we had spoken, she had failed to mention that she had magical abilities.

In the middle of our conversation, the carriage came to a sudden halt.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19: Im Sorry
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The knights had stopped to make camp. They chose a spot that was next to a cornfield. The workers in the back of the carriage quickly came out of their seats and went to work. Dug a fire pit, set up the tents and settled in for the night.

Two camps had been set up, one for the workers at the back of the carrige, the other was for the knights which included me and Gary.

The knights formed a group around one of the for camps. I was now with Gary sitting next to him on a wooden log, still finding it hard to talk.

The three knights were bickering and joking with each other. The problem was with Knight Delbert, he would often shoot glances at me and Gary I could tell his intent was not a good one.

I started to get sick of it until I spoke my mind.

"Are you in love with me knight Delbert? I have to remind you I'm only a boy who has still not come of age," I said sarcastically.

Knight Delbert face became red with anger.

"A cocky brat like you needs to learn his place!" He shouted as he came towards me.

As I was getting ready to block his attack, suddenly I found my self on the floor underneath his foot. I didn't even see how or what happened.

"Get off the young lad," Barnardo said.

"Did you not hear what the peasant said to me?"

"Yes, but don't think we missed your lingering eye either"

Delbert lifted his foot off my chest and back to sit with the other two knights.

My heart was pounding at with the adrenaline that had entered my body. He simply had moved too quick for me to see his actions, he got off his seat and the next moment he had kicked me on to the ground.

"Why the need for a fire?" Gary asked?

"Won't it attract beast to us?"

"A knowledgeable boy" Winfred replied.

"Although that may be true for the regular beast, shadow beast are different."

"Shadow beast?" I replied I was curious about the subject because in my time there was no such thing.

"The kids don't even know about shadow beast, what sought of upbringing and education did they have," Delbert complained.

Wilfred drew his sword and started to draw a map on the ground.

"The shadow plague started from the north of the continent, It quickly spread and took over the kingdoms surrounding it. Luckily Alure kingdom resides in the east and managed to stay safe for many years. Avrion academy is on the border between us and the shadow plague. Although there hasn't been any activity in a number of years, from time to time a stray shadow beast will wander in."

"When did this all start?" I asked.

"You will know more when we reach Renny town."

Gary suddenly stood up from the log.

"Renny town, are we not heading for Avrion City?"

Delbert began to laugh.

"Don't be a fool, look at yourselves, you two are only kids. What use would it be to send you to the front lines? If a war was to break out you would be useless even as meat shields,"

Wilfred went to clear his thought, it seemed like a sign for Delbert to stop speaking.

"Renny town is where we send all our new recruits, you will be under education there for Ten years until you reach 15. The aim is to focus on your education and basic fitness skills. Only then will you be able to attend Avrion Academy and focus on swordsmanship."

With this, I was a little saddned, but what they had said made sense. I decided that I would take this opportunity to learn about the world. Afterall knowledge was key for me. There were many things I needed to find out and perhaps this would give me my answers.

After that, the conversation had settled down a little and then Bernado told us to get some sleep. I was sharing a tent with Gary. We were both lying on the ground and just as I was about to shut my eyes I heard Gary say something.

"I'm sorry," Gary said.

"What for?"

"For everything that I did to you at the village, the name-calling, the throwing, everything. I was an idot,"

"Although I don't disagree, don't blame yourself too much," I said with a smile on my face.

"Amy told me you were a nice guy, but I didn't believe her. Then when you saved us that day, you could have just left us but you didn't, so thank you." Gary said while bowing down his head.

"Don't forget you saved me as well from that wench. Nobody stood up to her but you, a mere five-year-old was fearless and stood in front of her."

"Arent you the same age?" Gary said confused.

"Ha, ha, ha Yes," I said laughing nervously.

"If someone is troubling you, you can rely on me," Gary said with a big grin on his face.

"Don't worry too much, the curse of the Red dragon Sen will do that job for me."

Gary's facial expression changed, he was trying to keep a smile but I could see he was a little frightened by my words.

I gave a thumbs up to him as a response and quickly went to sleep.

I was surprised at what Gary had said. I wasn't expecting someone so stubborn to come and apologise.

In return Gary, you will not be on my list, but I'm afraid we cannot be friends for my goal is different from yours. We have lived in two different worlds and I can't forgive your kind easily for what they have done to mine.

What I have learnt in my short time as a human, is that not all humans are the same, but something needs to change.

Once I have learnt the way the current world works and have become powerful enough. That will be the turning point for the human race. I will use the power I have been granted by the system to get strong. To protect those that I care about and slay those that oppose me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20: Dragon Lover
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as the sun rose we set off to continue our journey. The weather was grey with a slight bit of rain. For some reason, the tension between the knights was grey as well, no words were spoken to each other apart from a few grunts now and then.

As we continued along the trail a fog started to appear only allowing us to see a few feet ahead. I wanted to ask the others where we were but it seemed like no one was in the mood to talk and the knights were on high alert.

"Why is there no life here, and whats with the fog?" I finally asked.

"We received a request on the way to the village, telling us to investigate. One of the residents said they saw a shadow beast nearby," Wilfred said.

"This fog is strange," Barnardo said gripping his axe even tighter than before.

"It's most likely nothing, most of the time it's just a regular tier beast" Delbert frowned.

Gary started to have a worried look on his face, it seemed like the encounter with the Wolf had given him some trauma. It was understandable after all Gary wasn't able to do anything against the wolf beast in the black forest. It would be hard to imagine what a shadow beast would be like.

Wilfred could see the worried look on Gary's face and spoke a few words of comfort.

"Don't worry boys, you have three of the strongest knights in the kingdom here to protect you."

As we continued to move forward I started to activate my skill Dragon eyes. With the thick fog in front of us, we could barely see if we were still on the correct path. This way if any beast were approaching us I could warn the knights in time.

The path was strange indeed, not only had we not seen any shadow beast it seemed like not even regular animals were about.

Up ahead the fog seemed to start to disappear, as we got closer a figure could be seen through the fog. To my surprise, it was a woman, a woman dressed in green from head to toe with a bow on her back. She had brown hair was in her mid-twenties.

As the women saw us coming through the fog she quickly came over and bowed her head to the knights.

"My name is Ann Woodwork I'm an adventure from the Goneless guild, are you three the knights that we requested for assistance?" She asked.

Wilfred came forward on his horse.

"Yes, we are here about a sighting of a shadow beast in this area, has the fog always been this thick here?"

"It has been this way for two weeks now, many adventurers who have been escorting merchants through the fog have been attacked, and some have never returned. We have already lost four of our guild members."

Delbert turned towards Bernardo and gave him a questioning look.

"Didn't we just come through the fog unharmed," Delbert said.

"Perhaps the beast senses our presence," Bernardo replied.

Wilfred continued to talk to the adventurer. They had agreed to stay in the town for one Knight and see if there were any problems they could solve. The adventurer insisted that they stayed longer to solve the problems but Wilfred insisted that we didn't have the time. Wilfred agreed to put up a special A-Class quest to slay the beast that resides in the fog, and that he would personally put up the bounty for it. The women named Ann agreed and showed us the way to the closest inn.

As we entered the inn I was shocked at what I could see. My eyes were open with amazement because all around the inn were items related to dragons. Paintings ornaments statues in every corner.

As I was staring around the room Ann had approached me.

"It's pretty amazing isn't it? the owner is pretty well known for being obsessed with dragons. "

"Are dragons real?" I asked her, I knew the answer to this but didn't know the full extent of the knowledge of this world.

Just as Ann was about to answer my question, the innkeeper had come from behind the bar.

"Of course their real" The innkeeper said.

He started to walk towards me and continued speaking.

"My great, great grandfather was saved by one, and ever since our family have been documented everything related to them in this inn"

"A mere myth, Dragons who would believe, such a tale," Delbert said form the corner of the room.

"So do you not believe in the Red Dragon Sen then?" I asked Delbert.

"A mere story to scare kids with, the most anyone has ever seen is a giant wyvern merely exaggerated tales" Delbert replied.

Oh how I wish I could prove him wrong, If I was a dragon I would haunt him and follow him everywhere he went.

"I see the boy is a fan of dragons as well," The innkeeper said.

"Then let me tell you the full tail, you see they say that Dragon sen was an evil dragon who destroyed everything he could see insight, but some say the opposite. There's a group of people who believe that the Dragon was there protecting everyone."

"How so?" I asked although I knew the truth, I wanted to hear the man out.

"From all the stories I have gathered, there is a theory. When the dragons ruled the land the shadow beast did not exist. Now that the shadow beast exists dragons are a mere myth. Perhaps the dragons were protecting us from an even bigger danger. "

After speaking with the innkeeper the knights paid for our rooms and we rested for the night. I couldn't get much sleep because I was thinking about the words the innkeeper said. Although I know some of his words arent true, it made sense. During my time there really were no shadow beast. Dragons were the strongest creatures around. Humans had used their sheer numbers to defeat us.

This plague, on the other hand, is something that spread quickly to humans and easily effected them. Dragons had a number of different abilities and one of them was to be immune to all status effects. Although I'm not sure if it would have worked or not. Had someone planned this? Maybe the humans were even just a mere tool to get rid of us.

With many thoughts and possibilities lingering in my head, I decided to shut my eyes and get some sleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21: Drop Bear King
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the morning sun rising, we gathered our things, left the inn and set off on our journey again. Ann was displeased that nothing had happened during the time we were there, but Wilfred had put up the A class quest in the guildhall as he promised.

Although I would have liked to see what a shadow beast looked like, there was no guarantee that there was actually one here in this town in the first place. More likely it would just be a high tier magical beast.

The horses and carriage carried on through the path. We pushed onwards until Wilfred had spoken.

"It seems like some drop bears are following us, I can't tell how many or what kind"

Drop bears were magical beast that would often attack in groups. Their main features were their pointy ears and razor-sharp claws around a foot in length. Although around the same size as a dog still contained the strength of a regular bear.

"How long have they been following?"

Delbert asked.

"Since we left the inn."

Bernardo lifted his axe into his hands.

"looks like we will have some fun after all."

"Let us hope there aren't any Drop bear kings among them."

Wilfred said with his hand now on the hilt of his sword.

If I had remembered correctly from what my father had taught me, the Drop bear king was a class above intermediate. Which would make it fall into the advanced tier beasts,

What amazed me even more, was the fact that Wilfred was able to sense that the creatures had been following us. I had no idea even with my enhanced hearing abilities. The only way I would have been able to tell was if I was to use my dragon eyes skill.

"Why did you not inform us earlier!"

Delbert complained while looking around to see if he could spot any of the beasts.

"I was worried that the children might be sacred"

Wilfred said looking towards us.

"Ray, Gary I need you two to arm yourselves, be prepared to fight off anything that comes at you. We don't know their numbers so we might not be able to protect you. You will soon become brave knights of Avrion. The most important thing is to stay alive."

I drew out my sword in response to Wilfred's words, Gary did the same but I could see he was shaking. Scared of what might happen to us.

We carried on moving forward now knowing that the beasts were following us, I activated my dragon eyes. There seemed to be ten Drop bears, but I couldn't be sure. The path we were on was surrounded by trees with a forest on either side. The bears made good use of the trees for cover. Making me lose count every time they moved.

As we continued moving forward slowly, we spotted a bridge up ahead that went over a small stream.

"That's the bridge just before the gate of Renny town."

Bernardo said.

"It's most likely they will attack us on the bridge."

Delbert replied.

The horses started to panic as they were getting closer to the bridge refusing to move.

"Something has panicked them!"

Delbert shouted.

I looked towards the bridge with my dragon eyes skill still activated. I now knew the reason why the horses were panicked. For underneath the bridge stood a Drop bear eight foot tall. This was not the only problem though for the bear was covered in a dark purple aura, the same as my fathers. Meaning most likely that this was a Shadow beast.

The knights had come down from the horses, they had no choice now that they refused to move forward. Each of them wielding their weapons in their hand. Wilfred with his great sword long in length but big and powerful. Delbert who held a shield in his left hand and a long sword in his right and finally Barenardo with his trusty axe.

I had left the carriage with the workers inside and went to join the knights, Gary had followed along. I needed to figure a way to warn them about the creature under the bridge. Just as I was about to mention it to Wilfred. The Drop bears appeared out of the trees.

The bears had jumped towards our group. One of the bears approached me with it's two big claws in the air aiming at my face. I blocked the first attack with my sword but was pushed back a few steps. The bears were more powerful then the wolfs in the black forest but seemed to move slower. With this I waited for the bear to attack again, instead of blocking the attack, I moved to the side and sliced the beast in half.

I looked towards the Knights, who had already Slain two beast each to my one. I then went looking for Gary. He was hurt. blood was dripping down his shoulder where he had been scratched by the bear. As I went to move to Gary's aid the bear struck again. Gary managed to get the bear's claws stuck between his sword. With his other hand free he punched the bear in the face. The bear flew to the floor and he quickly jumped on top of the bear bringing his blade down through its head.

Gary was shaken with the black blood all over his hands. Suddenly a scream could be heard from the carriage. Two of the bears had managed to get inside and were attacking the workers. I sprinted towards the carriage to help, when I heard the sound of wind pass by me. It was the other three knights. They quickly went past me and sliced the Beasts in one strike.

With the beast slain, a moment of silence came. I started to relax a little until I looked towards the bridge. I had completely forgotten about the shadow beast.

Everyone was now looking towards the bridge, as the shadow beast stood on top of it. I was indeed a Drop bear king, but this one was different from other drop bear kings. A black sludge could be seen foaming at the mouth, its fur had patches of purple throughout its body.

"A shadow beast."

Bernardo said, Gasping at the creature.

"Everyone prepare for battle! "

Wilfred Shouted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22: Shadow Beast
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

looked towards Gary standing next to me on my right. His whole body was shaking with fear. Then when I looked in front of me, I could see that my sword was moving as well. I Couldn't believe it, I was shaking my self. Was this what it felt like to face a creature far above your own level? As much as I hate to admit it, this creature is simply out of our league and even if my mind was ready to fight my body didn't feel the same way.

The three knights were standing in front, while I was with Gary protecting the carriage behind us. The knights stood extremely still gripping their weapons tightly, waiting for the beast to make its move. Unexpectedly the magic beast didn't move a single hair it stood there watching us all carefully. It then moved it's hand slightly upwards and pointed towards the knights with its claws.

"You will never be able to beat the shadow, soon we will take over the whole land." Its voice was deep and rusty.

"The beast can talk," Bernardo looked like he just caught his wife cheating on him, he couldn't believe it.

This was a surprise to everyone there, magical beast often didn't speak, there was very few that had the intelligence. Creatures such as dragons and more humanoid beast would be able to, but never a beast like a drop bear. Perhaps the shadow was using the bear as a vessel.

"Your mission will fail, and you're loved ones will die." The bear had said this while looking towards me strangely rather than the knights that stood in front of him.

The Shadow bear Jumped around 15 feet in the air and went into the forest. There was no trace of him left.

"Why did the shadow beast let us go?" Bernardo asked.

"I think they were only intimidating us, they want to shake the kingdom up and tire us out mentally." Delbert replied.

Gary stepped up to Wilfred.

"Maybe he knew he would lose?"

"I'm afraid not, if it was a regular Drop bear king then perhaps we could take it out, but a shadow beast variant is a lot stronger. Although I Belive we could of beat it, we would have come out with losses on our side. "

Wilfred replied.

While Gary gulped at the thought of fighting the bear.

Bernardo came over and whispered in Wilfred's ear.

"It seemed to know about our mission, perhaps there is a traitor in the academy."

Wilfred didn't respond but had a concerned look on his face.

Delbert chimed in.

"They had been watching us since we had left the inn, perhaps the attack on the adventures was to get us to come towards this path. I don't think any of this is a coincidence. I knew the red boy would bring us bad luck."

I looked towards Delbert with a half-hearted smile.

"I thought you didn't believe in myths, or do you only chose to believe in them when it suits you, not much of knight are you."

Delbert came forward again ready to teach me another lesson but this time Wilfred had stopped him in time.

Wilfred looked towards me and Gary and could see Gary was covered in blood.

"You two fought well, I was surprised most people might freeze if they were in the same situation but you actually managed to defeat The drop bears. I am proud of you both."

Delbert scoffed

"They're only basic tier creatures when I was their age I could have done better."

When defeating the drop bear I had received another notification from the system.

This was a surprise to me because I hadn't seen it in a while. When I was hunting beasts in the black forest in preparation for the assessment. After obtaining three crystals from the wolfs, I seemed to have stopped receiving the notification no matter how many times I defeated beasts. It was the same as the Crazed monkeys. Perhaps it was the maximum amount of crystals I could obtain from each beast.

I decide to save the crystal for later and to hide this from other people for now. I still didn't know if this system was special to me, or something that other humans also experienced, the one thing I didn't want to do, was become a test subject of humans.

Another thought had come to my mind about the shadow beast. Why did it seem like it was directly looking towards me? Could it sense something inside me, or was it to do with this mission that the knights were on?

Before we started heading off Wilfred came to me and Gary and told us not to tell anyone we meet about the shadow beast. He didn't tell us the reason why but made us swear an oath to not tell a living soul.

After that, the group quickly wasted no time and got back on their horses and carried on heading towards Renny Town. The path was smooth from here on out and we didn't run into any more trouble. A few hours later and the knights had told us we had finally reached our destination.

We arrived at the Gate of Renny town which was surrounded by stone walls around 20 feet high in the sky. There were many soldiers and knights stationed outside and on the wall. It was very impressive for Town. It had the same level of protection as nearly any other city.

"Why so many guards?" I asked Wilfred.

"Renny town is an important base for us, we must protect the future of our kingdom without Renny town they would be no one to protect us in the future. You could say that Reny town is more important than some of Alure kingdom's City."

"Didn't you say we were far away from the border?"

"Even though Shadow beast may not appear here, and maybe one or two strays come from time to time that is not the reason for the guards. The reason for them is the Dark Guild."

"The Dark Guild?"

Gary who was sitting next to me seemed to be interested in the subject.

"I have heard of the Dark Guild. They're a group of people who wish to see the fall of alure Kingdom, the leader use to be a member of the Avrion academy council until he was banished."

Gary said with a smug look on his face. It was childish to see him acting this way. Like there was a competition going on between the two of us."

"Why was he banished?" I asked.

"Relax young ones, you will learn all about this in your education, look ahead at this town for you will be spending the next ten years of your life here, studying everything there is to be a knight."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23: 10 years later
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Renny School was impressive indeed. You could tell that a lot of money and effort went into the school when building it. Although not as big and grand in style as Roland academy it had its own charm. It had the top of the line learning facilities and great accommodation for their students.

The town itself was great as well, full of life and cheer and a high population for its size. This was due to the fact is was extremely safe to live in Renee town due to all the guards. Other towns would have to worry about an attack from a magical beast or the Dark Guild.

Unfortunately, even with all those things, my life has been like hell here for the last ten years. After the knights had left us in Renny town the whole kingdom had gone into amber alert.

This meant to be prepared for war at any time. I assume this was due to the shadow beast that we had met. Fortunately, not a thing has happened in the kingdom these last ten years. No attack from the shadow beast, no attack from the dark guild, not a thing.

Because of the amber alert, the students were to be guarded at all times. We were set a curfew and was not allowed to leave the town at all unless given special permission. I originally had wanted to go into the lands nearby and obtain some crystals but the plan was shut down pretty quickly.

I was given a personal tutor who also acted as my guard at all times, sleeping, eating, he was with me at all times except when going to the toilet. I thought all students at the school had the same thing but when speaking to Gary he confirmed that only a select few students had this.

It was bad enough that I was being criticized around the school for having red hair but even more so now that I was getting special treatment on top of it. In all these ten years the only person I was able to speak to was Gary who thankfully treated me the same.

It was not all bad though. I had learnt several things while attending school that have answered many of the questions I once had.

First, although most knights had no magical ability they were able to train something called Ki. The Ki would allow you to enhance your body, to control your senses to its utmost limit and perform feats that seemed impossible for a human to do.

In fact, some masters of Ki were even able to slow down the ageing process allowing the human race to live for hundreds of years. Although if a child body was to practise Ki it would end up damaging their internal organs. At the age of fifteen, our body would be able to handle the stress of Ki.

We had learnt the theory behind it for when we went to Avrion academy.

The most interesting thing I had learnt about while at the school were beast crystals. The human race knew about beast crystals unlike I first thought. It actually played an important role in human society.

Beast crystals would be used to forge armour and weapons for knights. While the mages would use them for enchantments, alchemy, and staffs. It also had many other uses in current technology.

The crystal themselves came from magical beast and would have to be manually extracted once a beast had been defeated. The crystal also had their own tier grading which matched the beasts grading system. The higher the tier of the beast, the higher tier crystal you would receive allowing you to make stronger and better weapons.

The last thing that I had learned but still have many questions about was my past. They did, in fact, teach about the Red Dragon Sen but only as a legend to link to their Divine being. It is said that I was defeated by this Divine being and in using all its power it had been forced to go to internal rest. Although the divine being no longer existed in human form it still gave commands to the whole land that everyone must follow.

It was as if the whole land was some sought of religious cult to this divine being. This was also why the Dark guild was created in the first place. One of the elders had refused an order from the divine being and was banished for breaking the rules. Ever since he has had a grudge and whished to destroy the kingdom.

If I wanted to find more about my past and what happened I would have to go meet this Divine being in person. The problem was only members of high ranking were able to speak to the divine being. I thought about sneaking into the place to get answers but I was met with problems straight away.

The Divine being was located in Roland academy which was far from where we were. That was if I was even able to get away from my guard in the first place. I had tried to lose him a few times but had no success.

I had learnt more at the school but these were the main points that I had decided to focus on. Now fifteen years old I was finally able to graduate and leave this hell.

The kingdom had issued that we were no longer on amber alert. I'm guessing they decided this after nothing had happened for the last ten years. This meant when I reach Avrion academy I would have a lot more freedom.

I packed my belongs from my dorm room at school, we were all the meet at the front of the school building today, where a few knights would pick us up and escort us to Avrion academy.

In front of the school building stood about fifty students. The number was a lot lower than when I originally first got here. When I arrived here there was around a hundred. A lot of people dropped out because it was too tough not being with there family.

I saw Gary and went up to meet with him. We waited together and chatted a bit about the upcoming trials at Avrion academy and what we were looking forward to most. As the two of us were talking we were interrupted by a familiar face.

"It's been a long time you two"

Wilfred said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24: Fanged Boar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I had always liked Wilfred. He reminded me of my father a lot.

He also had this calmness about him that made you think, as long as you trusted him everything would work out. His appearance hadn't changed in these ten years either, I couldn't guess what his real age must be.

Thinking about my father I was deep in thought. I hadn't seen him for ten years I didn't know how he was doing.

As if Wilfred could read my mind he put his hand on my shoulder.

"Your fathers condition hasn't worsened. Your mother is looking after him well, I made sure to check with one of the knights before coming here."

I began to smile

"Thank you"

"How did you recognize us two, we've changed a lot over these ten years?" Gary asked.

"The blonde boy and red hair who fought the Drop bears, how could I forget something like that. I'm not that old yet."

"How old are you?" Gary started to look Wilfred up and down seeing that his appearance hadn't changed in ten years.

"Now that is a secret, my friend."

The three of us started to laugh out loud. Seeing this scene the other students around us started whispering to each other.

"Isn't that master Wilfred?"

"How are they on such good terms with him"

"They must be from a powerful family"

Wilfred hearing the students around us talk, decided to quickly say goodbye and leave us be.

Forward came a man who didn't look too much older than us, but had a big powerfull body and was bearing the Avrion Crest. He held a sheet of paper in his hand.

"To Future Avrion academy students, I am squire master Lancy. You must obey my commands at all times unless someone of higher rank intervenes. It is time for us to journey onwards towards Avrion Academy to journey will take about seven days."

Behind him, five carriages had appeared, each carriage could hold around ten students. The students had boarded the carriages while the knights travelled by horse. There were six knights in total including master Wilfred. The squire master was the second-highest-ranking official there, while the other knights were regular squires who were assigned to guard each carriage.

As soon as everyone was ready. The carriages and horses set off towards Avrion academy. I was excited to finally be leaving this place and was happy to hear the journey would take seven days. This meant I had the chance to gain a few more crystals.

I had already absorbed the crystal from the drop bear, and my current points were sitting at 42. I still remember the feeling of absorbing the crystal. It made my whole body tingle and instantly I felt stronger. It was an addictive feeling like a drug.

We had been travelling for several hours the sun had fallen down. We decided to camp on the side of the path near a forest. We were pretty out in the open but the knights said not to worry too much as there weren't many high tier beast in the area and they would take turns keeping guard.

Each student was given a sleeping bag and shared a tent with a partner. I teamed up with Gary and shared a tent together.

In the middle of the night when everyone was asleep, it was time for me to go hunting. I activated my dragon eyes skill to make sure that the guard was patrolling a different area. With my dragon eyes, it made it easy to avoid being seen.

I entered the woods and started to look around to see if there were any Magical beast I could beat. With my Dragon eyes skill, I detected there was a few basic tier beast in the area.

"Lucky," I thought to myself.

This was a good chance to try nab myself some crystals. I went towards the first target that was closest to me and on its own. I didn't want to risk anything and wanted to see what type of magical beast it was.

Hiding behind a bush I got a closer look at the creature. It was a fanged boar. A powerful creature who could use it's two big front teeth to bite threw your bones. Although not as fast as the wolfs or agile as the drop bears.

I came out of the bush and made my self seen by the boar. The boar looked towards me. it started brushing its foot against the ground getting ready to charge.

As the boar started to charge towards me at the last moment before it could reach me I jumped into the air and landed on it's back. I quickly stabbed the boar behind its head making the beast fall to the floor.

I was unlucky as the notification didn't appear this time. I decided to use my blade to open the inside of the boar to see if I could still get the crystal that way.

To my surprise, the crystal was inside the boar. I held the crystal in my hand and tried to absorb it. A few moments later and nothing. The crystal still sat there in my hand. Perhaps I was only able to absorb crystals obtained by the system?

I continued to venture in the forest making sure not to stray too far away from camp. After defeating two more Fanged Boars a message appeared.

for now, I stored the crystal away to save it for later. I had a thought that I wanted to test out. I began to use my sword to skin open the boar in search of the crystal again. This time no crystal could be found.

It seemed as if the crystal that had been obtained from the system randomly could be absorbed. While if the system didn't obtain the crystal the crystal still remained inside of the magical beast.

As I was distracted thinking about this thought. I heard an incredibly loud snort come from behind me. I turned around to see a fang bore the size of a horse.

It was an intermediate tier fanged Boar.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25: My pet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If there were basic tier beast in the area, there was always a good chance of an intermediate beast too. This was due to how the evolution worked between Magical Beasts. Magical Beasts would hunt another beast, once defeated they would eat the magical crystal inside the beast. Once the beast had eaten enough crystals it would then evolve into up to the next tier.

When hunting the group of fanged boars I should have known they would be a chance that a higher tier beast would be around.

I stood as still as humanly possible not moving a hair on my body, waiting for the boar to move. When the boar charged at me I managed to sidestep at the last second with the boar missing me only by an inch.

I was too slow like this. If I tried doing the same thing again I could be seriously hurt. I changed into my beast form putting the sword in my mouth and crouching down on all fours like a tiger. When the beast charged at me again, this time I did the same back heading towards it. The beast used its fangs to try to bite down on me, I jumped to a nearby tree and clung on to it so hard that my fingers where an inch deep into the tree.

My strength had greatly improved after absorbing the crystals. I was not the same person as I was ten years ago.

The boar looked up at me, seeing I was hovering above in the tree. The bore couldn't climb or fly so it did the only thing it could do. It used its full weight and strength to start slamming into the trees.

The boar's strength was impressive as it would tear down the trees one by one. As the trees were falling down, I would quickly move to the other one nearby. Jumping from tree to tree.

I was beginning to get tired of the chase and knew I needed to do something sooner or later otherwise I would run out of stamina and not have the strength to attack.

As the boar continued to chase me through the forest I came across a tree that was twice the size of the others. I jumped to the tree with the boar following behind me. This time the boar's strength wasn't enough to take down the tree in one hit. It's head banged into the tree causing the tree to slightly slant but not fall over.

The boar was slightly dazed from the impact. I knew that this was my chance. I ran down the tree as fast as I could. I needed to strike before the boar came to. Using the momentum from running down the tree I jumped in the air. with the blade gripped tightly in my mouth managed to reach the tip of the boars head. The momentum continued moving me forward until it had sliced through from the head to the end of its tail in one smooth motion. Blood started to shoot out of the big cut on its body, moments later collapsing onto the floor.

I took a few moments to catch my breath. It was a lot tougher then I thought it would be. I made it harder on my self because whatever happened I needed to not get injured. If I were to be injured while hunting and returned to camp it would be hard to explain the cause of my injuries.

I was pretty confident in defeating an intermediate tier beast since I did so when I was a child. This time I was a lot stronger than back then, but what made it more difficult was trying to not get hit.

I took the blade out of my mouth and started thinking. The beast form was great for attacking, it allowed me to move faster, and made me more agile. Although it helped me gain speed the strength behind the strike was weeker then using my hands. Making me rely on momentum for power.

The form also sacrificed defence. If fighting a human I would need to use the sword to block attacks rather then dodge. In the case of a large beast such as this one, there was no point blocking as I would have just been hit back by the brute force. Against a fast creature or human, I would need to learn how to block and counter.

If there was some way I could combine the two techniques it would help me greatly in the future.

I was a bit upset that the system didn't appear with a message, which meant that I hadn't obtained the crystal. So I decided to walk over to the beast and retrieve the crystal. I put the crystal in a pouch around my waist. Even if I couldn't absorb the crystal I would still be able to use it to create armour or a weapon. Worst case I could sell it to make some money.

With that, I decided that it was enough excitement for one day and headed back towards camp. I used my dragon eyes skill to pick the right moment when the guard wasn't on patrol and snuck back into my tent.

Gary was still sleeping snoring away. luckily even if the tent was on fire I don't think it would wake him up.

I struggled to go to sleep as I started thinking about the points gained from the crystals. What would happen when I reached a hundred points?

The best guess that I could make was when reaching a hundred points with the basic tier crystals I would then be able to start absorbing the intermediate tier crystals but there was no way to test my theory.

Or was there?

When thinking about again I remembered there was something else that I had that also absorbed crystals. The black wolf Cub I gained a while back. In all this time I had almost forgotten about it.

I closed my mind and an image of the wolf cub started to appear. In the ten years, it hadn't seemed to grow in size at all. Perhaps it would grow again once I started to feed it more crystals?

I started to smile thinking how much of a genius I was. This was great, I would carry on hunting in the forest in the next few days. Whatever crystals I obtained form now on I would feed to the wolf. Once it reached a hundred points I would be able to conclude my experiment.

Since ill be using the Wolf cub more perhaps I should give it a name.

As usual, as soon as I started to think about it the system responded with a message.

The black fur of the wolf reminded me of a dragon I use to be good friends with. He also had black scales as well. I think he would be happy with this name.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26: Genius Slyvia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as the sun began to rise, the Squier master Lancy would wake up by banging two pots together. The ringing in my ears was dreadful. Gary, on the other hand, would still sleep like a baby. I kicked him in the stomach so he would finally wake up and stop snoring.

The students were required to put everything away, the fire pit, the tents and the provisions for our journey, back into the carriages. Thirty minutes later and we were on our way again.

A couple of students in the carriage were complaining about the whole situation.

"Does Avrion academy not have a teleporter? I see no need to travel there via carriage."

"Yeah Roland academy has one, and apparently Avrion is meant to be on par with Roland, yet they can't afford a teleporter?"

A girl sitting at the back of the carriage mouth started to twitch. As she was getting annoyed at what the two students were saying.

Until finally she couldn't stand it anymore and stood up.

"Didn't you two learn anything? Avrion academy is stationed at the front lines of the battlefield with the shadow plague. What were to happen if war were to break out and we lost Avrion?"

The two students looked at her with a blank look on their faces failing to see what point she was trying to make.

"It would mean our enemy would have access to the teleporters themselves. Allowing them to move anywhere in the kingdom."

She sat down in her seat and started to mumble to herself.

I recognised the girl well, her name was Slyvia Heart. She had long silver hair that would reach her waist. With a symmetrical face and a body to be proud of. By humans standards, I guess she would be considered a beauty.

That wasn't the reason why I had recognized her though. At Renny academy every term they would post the results for our knowledge test. Every single time without fail, her name would be at the top of that list. I don't think there a single student that couldn't recognize her.

A few hours later and the carriage came to a stop again. Signalling the spot where we would set up camp for tonight. This time thankfully we had stopped at an abandoned castle to use as a base.

We went to the dining hall of the castle and decided to sleep here for the night. Each carriage of people formed their own sperate group, who had a knight as there leader.

As we entered the dining hall the students looked curiously inside. The castle was in ruins with pieces of stone broken everywhere and gaps in various different places.

"What happened here?" Gary said out loud.

The knight who was with us started to explain.

"This is the outcome of one of our wars with the Gala Kingdom, we would still be at war today if it wasn't for the shadow plague."

"What does that mean?"

Gary asked.

Slyvia couldn't help herself and had to explain.

"The surrounding kingdoms had signed a truce, once we found out the nature of the shadow plague. All though tempory, we have agreed to team up against our common foe."

The students were tired and happy for once they weren't camping outside so talk among us fell silent quickly and proceeded to get some rest for the night.

This time the guard duty was put on the top of one of the castle towers, This allowed the guard to have a bigger field of view. Warning us of any incoming enemies.

There was no need to use dragon eyes tonight. I made use of a nearby gap in the wall and proceeded to exit through it. Once out I would go to a nearby forest to hunt Beasts. Just as I was stepping outside of one of the gaps I felt someone tugging on my sleeve.

"Where are you going at this time of night?"

Slyvia was holding on to the sleeve of my arm.

"To Hunt beasts" I saw no need to keep it a secret. It was my choice what I wanted to do. I may be a student of Avrion Academy but that was in name only at the end of the day I'm my own person.

"Are you mad! You may be able to defeat basic tier beast but what would you do if you were to run into an intermediate tier, the knights can not save you." Sylvia's eyes were wide open with shock.

"Don't worry I defeated a few already." With that, I twisted my body making Slyvia's grip lose and my sleeve was free. I quickly ran off into the direction of the closest woods.

Open entering the woods I found that we were still in the territory of some fanged boars. I summoned my pet and out came Noir. He was still the same size as before a regular small wolf cub.

I was glad that we were still in the territory of the fanged boars as I thought they would make a great opponent for Noir since the wolfs focused on speed which was the boar's weak point.

We came across a solo Fanged boar. I commanded Noir to attack the Fanged boar, I had my hand on the hilt of my sword ready to help if anything was to go wrong.

The boar was double the size of Noir but in the end that didn't matter for Noir was too fast for it. Noir bit on the boar's legs a couple of times to slow it down even further and eventually ending its life with a bite to its neck.

The message appeared and I started to smile. This was great news it meant that I didn't have to kill the beast to obtain a crystal. Noir's kill would also count as my own.

This was one of the reasons why I had wanted noir to fight instead of me. I needed to gain more knowledge of how the system worked.

I fed the crystal to noir and he gained a further 8 points bring his total up to thirteen. We continued hunting in the forest together only targeting Fanged boars that were on their own. I wanted to see if the crystal had improved Noir strength like my own.

With each crystal Noir absorbed it became easier for him to fight the Fanged boars. After a while, it seemed like the Fanged boars stopped dropping crystals like the wolfs and the monkeys did back in the Black forest.

Noir points were now at a total of 32. With my experiment a success and no more to gain from killing the wild boars we headed back to camp.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27: Evolution
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before arriving at the castle I put Noir away, although it was common for some to have magical beast's as pets, that's was only among mages. Knights didn't have the ability to tame magical beasts.

After sneaking back into the castle, I laid down to get some rest. I was surprised that Slyvia hadn't mentioned to the guard about my disappearance. I guess humans only care about themselves so if it didn't affect her then there was no need to.

As usual, the sound of two pots banging together woke us up. We continued our journey ahead in the carriage, only this time I was getting frequent stares from someone riding with us.

"Hey is it just me, or is Slyvia looking at you a lot."

Gary asked.

"Isn't it usual for people to stare at me."

I was used to getting looked at by now due to my red hair.

"Yeah but you're not the only one, and she was even looking at you when we were packing away."

I shrugged at Gary's response for I did not care. Most likely she was looking at me for the events of yesterday night. The reason why Gary had mentioned a thing such as this was because I wasn't the only person with red hair on this trip.

When I had arrived at Renny town there were four others who had red hair. Each of them was assigned a private tutor and special guard the same as me. Perhaps the kingdom also believed in the curse and wanted to keep us in check.

As night started to come for the third day we set up camp again. This time the conditions were not favourable as we were surrounded by a swamp. The group moved to a nearby hill which allowed you to overlook the whole swamp. A lot of the students complained about the conditions, for the smell was bad and their clothes were dirty.

They seemed to be a divide in the group, as the ones who often complained came from noble families while the others were used to these conditions and had the experience, working on farmland and all.

I was happy that the terrain had changed a bit this meant there was more likely to be a variety of different creatures. I had already got all that I could from the Fanged Boars.

As the sun went down and the moon rose I left to hunt. This time I caught Slyvia staring at me before I left again, I decided to ignore it and keep going, she didn't mention anything last time, so I didn't think she would do this time either.

When entering the swampland I summoned Noir and we began hunting. With the two of us hunting, we managed to gather crystals twice as fast. We came across many different magical beasts such as a Sharp worm.

The Sharp worm was the same size as a human but possed no limbs to move with. It had razor-sharp teeth on the inside of its mouth that it used to swallow its victims whole and then grind them up.

Although the Sharp worm was powerful, it was only dangerous if it managed to catch you. With dragon eyes activated and my speed above average, the worms didn't stand a chance.

We came across a Faly Hornets' nest but I quickly sensed there was an intermediate beast inside and decided against facing it. The problem wasn't with the beast was powerful but simply there were too many beasts in the nest.

Today's hunt in the swamp was a jackpot, it seemed to be a breeding ground for a variety of different creatures. I got so excited about the crystals we were obtaining I lost track fo time. The sun was set to rise in the next hour or so.

Before heading back I decided to feed all the crystals we had obtained today to Noir. While feeding Noir I got more and more excited as I saw the numbers go up. 36...48..69..82..94.. and finally 100.

As soon as Noir had maxed out on points a message window appeared.

Although I was half expecting this to be the result, at the same time I was surprised. I immediately selected yes to see what would happen.

My jaw nearly hit the flaw, I was so shocked we never learnt any of this at school. The magical beast had different evolution branches. If it wasn't for the system would the beast itself chose an evolution, or perhaps the environment would affect what a beast evolved to.

For me, I had always been a dragon. there was no evolution step for us, we were on top of the food chain from the moment we were born. We could not evolve.

The message gave two branch Options.

Horned Wolf

A wolf with a black horn on its forehead. Although not strong physically its main strength focuses on speed. The wolf also has a slight immunity to elemental effects.

Blackened Wolf

A wolf big in size can grow up to 8 meters tall. Its main characteristics are its brute strength in its claws. Can also be used as a mount. Week to elemental attacks.

It looked like option B was the same type of wolf I faced in the forest with Gary. The mount option was very tempting to me. A wolf was a lot faster then a horse and meant if I wanted to travel out of Avion quickly I could. Also, I'm sure it would be able to outrun many beasts even of a higher tier.

While option A seemed a bit weaker then option B it properly meant that they would be more chances for the wolf to grow stronger in the future. There weren't many beasts that cast elemental attacks at the lower tiers.

In the end, I decided to choose option A, the fact that the blackened wolf was so big, was the biggest turn-off. I wanted to stay discreet and with a creature of that size, everyone would be paying attention to me.

I went ahead and selected option A, suddenly Noir vanished and went back into my mind. I tried to summon Noir again when an error message appeared.

With no way to speed up the process, I would just have to wait. The sun was starting to rise which meant everyone would wake up soon. I quickly ran back to camp as fast as I could.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28: The Big Three
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun was rising quickly, I needed to rush back to camp before anyone would notice that I had disappeared. I Rushed through the swamp as fast as I could.

Using the dragon eyes skill allowed me to select the best path and see what was good foothold to stand on making my journey back quicker.

I arrived at camp and had managed to sneak into my tent just before the sun had risen. I didn't know how much time I had left. I went to close my eyes and a few seconds later.

Bang* Bang*

"Rise and shine you lazy bumps, time to get moving!" Lanon shouted.

My eyelids felt like they were made of lead, bags started to appear under my eyes. I had only managed to close my eyes for a few seconds before hearing the banging. On top of that, I had been hunting all day. I simply had no energy left to do anything.

Gary woke up stretching his arms like he had just had the best sleep of his life. For some reason, this scene really annoyed me.

"Woah what happened to you, did you see a ghost or something?"

Gary couldn't help but look at my bloodshot eyes.

"I couldn't sleep last night."

The group packed their belongings and continued to journey through the swamp. The swamp had a pathway that was mostly made of dirt and gravel but was incredibly narrow. It was just big enough to fit the carriages on. While each side was covered in swamp water.

While riding on the carriage I kept nodding in and out of sleep. It wasn't exactly the most pleasant ride, for the road was full of bumps.

The path became quite smooth for a short while, so I managed to fall asleep for a little bit.

Suddenly Lanon started Yelling out loud.

"Prepare for battle, we are under attack!"

Everyone quickly left the carriage and headed into the swamp. The group formed a circle with their backs towards the carriage. Thankfully the swamp wasn't too deep. The muddy water came up to the top of our boots. Still, it would slow down our movements and give our enemies an advantage.

Looking around me I could see a rainbow of different emotions. Some students were scared, shaking, most likely never fought a magical beast before. While others were excited and ready to prove themselves in front of the other knights and Wilfred.

Wilfred was calm on the other hand and moved back towards the middle of the circle as if to keep an eye on everyone. Me, well I was tired, I had stayed up the whole night fighting creatures until I couldn't count anymore. It was a struggle just to keep my eyes open.

I had cast my dragon eyes skill and the creatures surrounding us were of the basic tier so I knew I didn't have to worry. I put my sword away and started to head back towards the carriage.

It was not worth my time to deal with this.

"What are you doing, we need to stay in formation" a student shouted at me.

"There just basic tier beasts, you need no help of mine." I carried on walking and leant my back against one of the carriages observing everyone, similar to Wilfred.

"Leave him be, a person like that will only be able to obtain a red sash." one of the knights said.

"Perhaps he is just scared"

The students carefully looked in the swamp and could see movement in the water but couldn't quite make out the creatures inside. Until one of them shot out of the water and headed straight towards Gary's face.

It was a Sharp worm, the group had been surrounded by about a hundred Sharp worms.

While the Sharp worm was flying through the air towards Gary's face, he simply held his sword tighter and swung his sword at the worm. A second later the worm's body had been split in two.

Straight after another worm jumped towards him and he stepped back and sliced down horizontally, again the worm had been split in half.

"Did you see that? he defeated it in one strike!"

"He's using such minimal movements."

"Perhaps he will become a white sash." One of the knights said.

The rest of the students were struggling. Most of them blocked instead of using the opportunity to strike. It allowed the worms to use their razor-sharp teeth and get a hold of the students' weapons. Some of them breaking and even causing some students to throw away their weapons, leaving them unarmed.

The knights were watching over the students and whenever a student would struggle, they would step in the help. Wilfred was moving his head around checking on the students as if he was evaluating them all.

There were three students he seemed to focus on more than the others. The first one would be Gary, he fought instinctively managing to strike the critical parts of the worm. It was impressive since he didn't even have the dragon eyes skill like me, he was simply just talented.

The other student was female. Slyvia Heart, she was the opposite of Gary, she carefully waited and watched the movements of the worms looking for patterns, kiting her enemy in and out returning a strike now and then. Although her strikes were not powerful she took the safest route and didn't have a scratch on her.

Lastly was a muscley man with long red hair. A student whose name I didn't know but I recognised well. He was very strong, sometimes not using a weapon at all. He would pick up and rip the worm apart with his bare hands. What was even more impressive though was his ability to look out for those around him, when fellow students were about to get hit, he would quickly step in and help, sometimes taking the damage for them. Although it seemed as if his body was made of iron for barley a scratch would show on him.

Wilfred was observing these three greatly, he would also occasionally look at me from time to time and I would give a yawn as a response. He simply would shake his head in disappointment.

Even though I said I did like Wilfred, it didn't mean I was out here to please him. I was at Avrion academy for my self. To get stronger and learn about the world. I didn't care what others thought about me.

After thirty minutes had passed all the worms had been defeated. Students began to walk back into the carriage with minor injuries. As they walked past some would give me a look of death.

"Didn't feel like joining in?" Gary asked.

"I was too tired, besides you had the knights to protect you if anything went wrong." I said while sitting down on the wooden bench in the Carriage.

While on our journey the other students couldn't stop talking about the big three, it was a nickname they had come up with.

Gary, Slyvia and Ian the red-haired fellow who I know knew his name thanks to them. They were talking about how they most likely would become White sash squires. Their amazing techniques they used while fighting.

Gary could hear the others talking and it was making his face turn red a little, while I was wondering what the hell a white sash squire was?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29: Avrion Academy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The students couldn't stop talking about what colour sashes they might get. It was driving me crazy I didn't have a clue what they were talking about.

We had managed to enter an area which was mostly just land with fields of tall grass. We camped outside of what looked like a wheat field nearby and started a fire for the night.

Our group gathered around the fire as usual. The talk between the students again was focused on the big three, and what shashes they might possibly earn.

Thankfully I wasn't the only one who didn't know what these sashes were, as another student asked a question.

"What are these sashes you guys keep talking about?"

The knight in our group answered.

"The sashes are ranks that are given out to the knights. As you all know squire is the lowest rank of a knight, but even then squires are further divided down into groups. Take me for example"

The knight took out a sash which was hidden under his armour.

"I am a white sash squire, so are all of the other knights that are escorting you. We are the top of the squire class, while red indicates the bottom." He said looking towards me.

A few other students also turned their heads towards me. They were clearly not happy with the actions I had taken on early today. This also explained why students were saying I would get a red sash.

"How are these ranks decided?"

"When we arrive at Avrion academy you will be issued a test to determine your ability. "

The students were starting to get excited at the thought of what rank they would obtain.

Gary then asked the knight a question.

"What's the difference between a Red Squier and a White Squier, is a knight not a knight."

"Ah yes, they are both knights indeed but the treatment is internally different. A white knight will be shown guidance, get personal training and extra rewards. While red knights are seen to have no potential, they will be given basic training with no mentor. Although free to do what they please most of the time, they are considered abandoned by the academy in the eyes of other students."

With that, the students went into their tents for the night and started to go to sleep. I decided to also take rest for tonight rather than go out hunting. My body was simply fatigued and needed rest.

We continued travelling for the remaining three days, as we got closer and closer to the kingdom, it got harder and harder for me to hunt. There was less magical beast. After the journey came to an end my points were at 75, although I didn't hit the 100 points I wanted, I was happy and knew it wouldn't be long until I did.

We had finally arrived at avrion academy, all the students couldn't stop but stare in amazement. The surrounding stone wall was twice as tall as the on at Renny town and the size of the city was three times as big.

In the middle of the city a building could still be seen over the walls it looked like a palace. The palace had a square banner dropped down the middle of it bearing the Avrion academy crest. White in colour with two wings and a sword dropped down the middle.

We reached the front gate which had iron bars as thick as two men put together. It required four men to turn a wheel which made the gate lift upwards slowly. The gate itself would even allow me as a dragon to fit through. The whole city was impressive.

Even as a dragon I had my doubts whether I could have destroyed something as big as this. Humans had become much more advanced and organized in a hundred years.

As the gate dropped to let us in the students left the carriages behind to be taken care of. A group of knights wearing red sashes came and took the carriages away.

Wilfred left the group as he said he had a meeting to attend to and wished all the students the best of luck in the upcoming assessment. That left the Squier master Lancy to give us a tour around the city.

The sight was amazing, instead of torches and fires to light up streets they were using magical crystals to power them. None of the buildings were run down and had looked like they had just been made yesterday.

It was hard to imagine that the village I had grown up in and this city were part of the same world.

"How far until we reach Avrion academy." a student asked.

"We are already here my friend, the whole city is Avrion academy. Every person you see is a knight, there are no normal citizens here."

When lancy had mentioned that he was right, I had not seen a single child here.

That was crazy if what he said was true they were at least 30,000 people stationed at avrion academy and all of them were knights.

"Of course not all are students, once you graduate it is compulsory to do two years of service as a knight. After, you are free to do what you want. Most people chose to stay and reap the benefits and rewards of being a knight though."

We carried on walking through the city as Lancy would point things out such as the armoury and the library. I made a note of where things were to come back to them when I had the free time.

I had a keen interest in the library perhaps I would be able to find out more about my past, and the shadow plaque.

Lancy had now taken us to a more quiet part of the city, where there weren't many people. The atmosphere shifted to a darker mood.

The students continued to follow Lancy along but the students couldn't help but gossip about what they were seeing ok in front of them. Lancy had taken us to a cemetery.

in front of us thousands and thousands of gravestones laid in the field.

Lancy carried on walking through the cemetery until we had reached five statues that were positioned in the centre.

"I brought you here today to remind you that we are at war. The truth is war is not a pretty thing, people die, loved ones are lost. We continue to fight for the loved ones who are alive. These here are the statues of Avrion academy's founders, they were known as the legendary dragon knights."

"Dragon knights? what does that mean?" I interrupted.

"While studying here you will find out the history of alure kingdom and Avrion academy. There is no rush. Follow along please."

As the students followed Lancy, I stayed behind a while to stare at the statues to see if there was anything I could see.

They seemed to have been wearing armour and weapons crafted using dragon body parts. dragon tail as a sword. Teeth parts would surround the shield.

Although that might have just been made from the statue crafter rather than a direct image of themselves, there was no way for me to confirm if they ever used actual dragon parts. Still, the sight started to make my blood boil that my race would be used for such things.

Looking deeply at the statues I couldn't help but shake at an odd feeling coming from one of the tombs below the statues.

I activated Dragon eyes. I was shocked, I rubbed my eyes to see if I was imagining things. Inside one of the tombs, a red and yellow presence could be seen. Something was alive in there.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30: My Roommates
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We had been touring around the city with Lancy for a couple of hours now and even my legs were starting to feel tired.

"Is that everything now?" One of the students said miserably.

"Of course not, I doubt you will ever get to see the whole of Avrion Academy." A smile could be seen on his face, it looked like Lancy was enjoying tutoring us.

"So where are we headed to now then?"

"Your Dormitories."

With that, everyone's mood was uplifted, we would finally be getting to see the school. We continued to follow Lancy, the pace had picked up a bit as everyone was now exited.

Finally, we had reached our long-awaited destination. Everyone was in shock at the sight in front of them. For the place that we would be studying and training at, was the palace that could be seen from outside the walls.

The building looked even bigger up close.

Lancy went to the entrance of the building and turned around to face us. His expression went from playful to serious.

"We will all meet in the dining hall at 2:00 pm sharp. Once everyone has eaten we will head to the training grounds, which is out of the north exit behind the building. Be ready for this is when the assessment starts."

"Where is everyone?" A student asked.

Compared to the rest of the city the school seemed extremely quiet. The only people that stood there were two guards who wore white sashes standing in front of the gate.

Honestly, I was half expecting a welcome ceremony.

"There is a meeting going on today between the elders, most of the knights are out on a mission. The other new students are training for the upcoming assessment."

"Other students?" everyone started to turn to each other with a confused look on their faces.

"You didn't think you guys were the only ones, did you? Avrion has many towns as bases for new students, Renny town is just one of them. If we only recruited fifty knights a year we would have been defeated long ago."

Lancy could see all the students muttering to themselves. He decided to move forward to the entrance. He went up to the door and the two guards started to open it.

It took the guards their whole strength just to open the two giant doors.

"You want to become a white sash like these guys, become a guard, an easy job where you're away from all the danger," Lancy said as he walked passed the two.

Inside the building was just as spectacular as outside. The walls were lined with famous paintings of knights beast and all sorts. They also had many grand weapons out on display, some too big to be actually used in battle.

We walked around the bottom floor until we stopped just outside a three-meter tall red door. Outside stood two guards dressed in all black armour. It didn't look cheap and the knights looked terrifying.

"Red is the sign of danger, nothing has ever come good from that colour in these lands. So stay clear of this red door behind me." Lancy glanced towards me as he was making the speech.

I wanted to fight him there and then but didn't want to make a scene. Although my strength had improved a lot and I was confident I could defeat someone like Lancy who was a Squier master. The two knights guarding the door I couldn't begin to guess how powerful they were.

"What's down there," A student asked.

"Avrion Prison, we keep the most dangerous criminals down there, so you don't want to even try to take a peek in there.

Slyvia was surprised by this and asked a question.

"isn't it silly, to keep such dangerous criminals in the school campus."

Lancy scoffed at her remark as if she asked a stupid question.

"Avrion academy is the most guarded place in the land, with the strongest Knights. What better place than here to keep them in check. If you don't believe me try braking into the dungeon one day and see if you can."

Slyvia bit her tongue and held looked like she was holding back her emotions to say something.

We continued walking around until we arrived at a door that said. "Student accommodation New"

"Your name will be on your room door. There is no chance for a change no matter how much you don't like your roommate's. this is the army get used to it. Your school uniforms are laid out on your bed. Good luck to you all and I'll see you at the training field."

We opened the door and went inside. The dorms had been separated into six different areas. Each of the areas was dependent on what town you had come from. So all the students from Renny town were put together.

I went down the hallway looking for my name with Gary, we spotted our names in front of the door just like Lancy had said but we were surprised at what else was on the door.

The door had eight different names could be seen. This most likely meant that we had to share a room with eight people. The other surprise was we recognized two of the names.

We opened the door and went to look inside. The room had a total of four bunk beds allowing eight people to sleep. There wasn't much else for decoration apart from that. In two of the beds, two of the students were already unpacking their things.

One of them was Ian, the red-headed muscular brute who fought with the sharp worms well. The other was a short boy dressed in all black. his hair was covering his eyes and he didn't seem to be making any facial expression at all. In fact, it seemed like everyone was invisible to him.

Gary had gone off the say hi to his new roommates while I went to unpack my things on one of the beds. As I was unpacking my things I heard a scream.

"Noooo way, this can't be possible, how can they allow this!?" Sylvia shouted. She was so shocked that she had dropped her bags on the floor.

"I'm sharing a room with a boy's" she carried on in a panic as her face became redder.

The whole room was now staring in Slyvia's direction.

Gary unable to read the mood went towards her with a cheery smile.

"Hi my names Gary, I look forw..." Gary's sentence was stopped short by Slyvia's bag hitting him in the face.

"Shut up, I'm not staying here"

Slyvia had quickly run off to go find someone.

A few moments later she returned, looking even more depressed than before. I guess what Lancy said was true, there was no chance for a change.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31: Color Rankings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone had finished unpacking their things and started to change into the school uniform. The uniform was a black and grey jumpsuit. It had very little protection but was light and made it easy for your skin to breathe.

Students had to use the standard equipment given by the school, this included weapons and armour. We could keep our personal belongings but were only allowed to be taken on missions and special tasks. This was to keep things on an even scale. They didn't want anyone to be powerful just because of the equipment they carried.

Slyvia made us all get out of the room while she got changed. While standing outside I noticed there were only five of us. I went to look at the names that were written in front of the door.

"Yeah two of us are missing, I recognise one of the names but don't have a clue who Martha is?" Gary said.

Just as Gary had said that a tall slender man with black hair carrying a wooden staff on his back stopped in front of the door.

"Hey guys, what are you doing standing out here?" The man said.

"You're Dan right?" Garry replied.

"In the flesh, I guess I'll be staying with guys from now one, so why is everyone standing around here. let's go inside."

"This will be fun," Gary whispered in my ear.

"Oh there was a big cockroach in there, but we were all too scared to go in and get rid of it, you wouldn't mind helping us out would you?" Gary said with his puppy dog eyes.

I don't know if Gary was doing it for payback against Slyvia or if it was just that he wanted someone to share the same pain that he had gone through.

"Sure, a future knight can't be scared of anything"

A few moments later and Dan had come back out of the door with a black eye and lumps on his head. Gary and the others couldn't help but laugh.

After Slyvia was done changing we all went back into the room and introduced ourselves.

There was me and Gary who came from the same village. We had the most ordinary background of the lot, as it turns out.

Ian Had moved from orphanage to orphanage, each one had a disaster befall it. It was a sad tail that brought tears to the room. It made me think if I had different parents would the same thing of happened to me.

Dan came from a noble family of spear users and whished to continue his family's legacy. His staff was his training tool which weighed a ton. We each tried picking it up, other then me and Ian, no one else was able to wield it. Gary could lift the thing but couldn't move an inch after.

The small boy with long black hair covering his eyes just came out with one word as a response. Monk. With nothing else to go by, we had to guess that this was his name.

Slyvia had also come from a family of nobles but they were well known for there magical abilities. Slyvia being born with none wished to prove her worth by becoming a knight.

After the introductions were done the group quickly moved the topic to the upcoming assessment.

"What sashes are you guys hoping to get?" Dan asked.

"I hate to ask this but, what are all the different sashes you can get?" Gary said.

Everyone in the room shrugged and looked towards Slyvia. She sighed as it bothered her to answer it but I think she was quite pleased she got to gloat her knowledge to the group.

"You guys, didn't you study anything? First what you need to know that the sashes aren't really a power ranking system. They're more about your potential. If we start at the beginning if you were to receive a red sash it would mean you have no potential in anything, the school doesn't really know what to do with you, so you get put with basic training. There are no extra classes for you and you get free time to discover your potential yourself."

"That doesn't sound too bad," Gary said.

"Yeah if you want to be a loser. I've heard the red sashes get treated like crap here. They get bullied around by all the other sashes because they know they aren't powerful enough to do anything about it." Dan said.

Slyvia continued on speaking.

"On the complete opposite side, we have the white sash. This means you have unlimited potential and will receive lessons from the masters themselves."

"So what about the other ranks?" Ian asked.

"If we look red as the bottom, next would be yellow, blue then white. These are the standard Squire potential rankings. Next, we have sashes outside these colours Green and black. Green is for those who excel at archery while black I'm not sure. It has always been quite secretive and seems to be rarer than white."

"So is black better than white."

"I wouldn't say so, if my guess is correct black would be similar to green. Where their skill set must be useful for something else but I don't know what."

"Who would have thought, Slyvia heart not knowing something. I never thought I would see the day." Gary said.

Slyvia raised her fist and threw a punch towards Gary's face. Just as the fist was about the make contact the door opened.

Lancy was standing by the door.

"Okay, students you have a few moments to get ready. We will meet in the dining hall. We will have lunch and then a short meeting. After we will head to the training fields to start your assessment."

Lancy quickly left to deliver the message to the other rooms.

Gary jumped in the air and grabbed me by the shoulders.

"This is it! were finally going to become knights. Hey, why don't we try aiming at becoming white sashes together."

Gary was too excited for me to even responded. I looked around to room to see if everyone else shared the same excitement as Gary did. Some seemed to not care like it was an everyday occurrence while others had a grim look on the face. As if their life was on the line.

We left the room and were ready to face the test in front of us.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32: Six elders
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I entered the dining hall with Gary by my side and the other students from our room behind us. When we entered the hall our eyes were starstruck by the sight in front of us. The hall was just as extravagant as the rest of the building. The dining hall was so big, it felt like it could seat the all of Avrion academy inside.

The dining hall had been split up into six different sections similar to how our dormitories were. Each section had a little flag with our school name on it. We went over to the flag that said Renny town. The area was even further split down. Similar to how our rooms were, each table allowed eight students to be seated. Each seat had our name on the back.

Our school Renny town were the first ones to enter the dining hall. We all followed the knight in front of us who led us to our seats. As we sat down everyone in the room was quiet. Nervous for the upcoming assessment, or perhaps holding in their excitement.

As we sat and waited patiently the other schools started to walk in. As they entered the room there eyes were focused at Renny town. Their focus seemed to shift to a few particular students. Those were the students with red hair. It was unusual to see people with red hair in the first place, yet here in one school, there were five students in our area with red hair.

"look over there."

"Can you believe it how could they allow such a thing."

"I'm glad they didn't come from our school, otherwise who knows what would happen to our school."

Ian who was sitting at our table looked away from their gazing eyes. I could see that this upset him greatly. I wanted to comfort Ian as a fellow redhead. The truth was Ian had dealt with a similar upbringing of my own. I decided to deal with the abuse in my own way. I also had caring parents. Whereas Ian didn't have any of that, and despite that, he seemed to be a big friendly giant who wouldn't hurt a fly.

I put my hand on Ian's back and said words of comfort.

"Don't worry if anyone messes with us I'll make them wish they were never born."

I thought my words would have brought joy to his face, instead, Ian looked more frightened.

"er, thanks Ray."

Gary looked towards me and just shook his head to the ground.

The dining hall had all the tables faced towards the front of the room, where a stage was set with six grand chairs. The chairs were trimmed with beautiful detail. To the left and right of the stage were too big wooden doors.

Out of the two doors came staff dressed in a white uniform. Pushing along metal tables full of food. The food was delivered to the table and we began eating. Apart from me and Gary most of the other students didn't have much of an appetite.

"How can you guys eat like that when we have the assessment coming up?" Slyvia asked.

"it's free food," Gary said with his mouth full.

We carried on eating and when we were finished the staff had put away all our dishes.

The students now sat down waiting patiently for what was to happen next. Suddenly the doors swang wide open and out came three knights. they were Wilfred, Barbadoes and Delbert, the three knights who had escorted me and Gary to Renny town.

As they came in chatter started amongst the students.

"It's the three Knight masters."

"I want to be as skilful as Delbert"

"I hope we get to see their skills first hand."

The three of them stood at the center of the stage, Wilfred stepped forward to give his speech.

"I welcome all the new students of Avrion Academy, today will be the day where you shall face the Squire assessment. The assessment has been used to determine a Squire's rankings since the beginning of Avrion academy. There will be a total of five assessments. The gem of strength, The hell of fire, The silent night, The eye of accuracy and the Will of truth. Each assessment will be monitored by a Master knight such as myself and the two standing next to me. Please do not be disheartened with the rank you obtain, for even a red sash Squire can one day be in the position we are in. We know you have the potential to be strong for the trial you faced at five in your village. I wish you all good luck in the assessment ahead."

After the end of Wilfred's speech, the room erupted into a massive roar of energy. Everyone was cheering at the thought of making their dream come true.

The Squire masters eventually got the room and the students to settle down. Once Wilfred had finished the speech he moved towards the door. Upon opening the door he bowed down to the people who entered. In came six elders each with a black night by their side. It was hard to tell their age due to the use of Ki, but their visual appearance was around sixty.

I sensed a strong presence coming from each of them, I activated my dragon eyes to get a closer look. A white aura could be seen shining of each one of them. The last time I saw something like this was when I was defeated by the witch as a dragon, just before I was reincarnated into a human.

For some reason their aura made my body shiver. The six elders sat in the grand chairs behind them. The elders didn't say anything and just sat there in chairs looking around at the students in front of them. Each elder had a Knight in black shining armour standing next to them. just like the ones who were stood outside the red door.

Delbert came to the front of the stage and introduced the elders. He explained that they were the current heads of Avrion Academy. How they had accomplished great deads to get to the place they were today. After the speech was over Squier masters came to each table. They began escorting us to the training grounds where the test was set to take place.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33: The Test begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We walked through what seemed to be a mile-long tunnel until we had finally reached the school training grounds. There was only one entrance and exit. The hallway which we had arrived from.

The training ground led to the outside which was a large open field with many different props, such as training dolls, an archery range and so on. The field was surrounded by stands covering each side, for people to spectate. In fact, if I didn't know any better I would have thought it was a colosseum.

The stands were fairly full, many knights had come to watch the new students attempt the test. Opposite the entrance on the other end of the field was a table were the six elders sat accompanied by their black knights.

The field had been split into five different sections. Each section contained different equipment and had a Master knight stand by. Wilfred, Barbadoes and Delbert were there. I didn't recognize the other two.

We stood just in front of the entrance, all three hundred students waiting nervously. A worker came out with a strange machine that had a crystal inside. The servant pressed a few things on the machine and a hologram of the testing field was being shown. A similar machine was also put in front of the elders on the other side.

"All right, the first test is the Gem of strength you will be called up to the stage one by one." Lancy went up to the stage to show the participants were to go and explain what to do. We could all see him clearly on the display of the machine.

In front of Lancy was a huge black boulder the same size as himself.

"Students must attempt to push the boulder from one side to the other, if you can't push the boulder you may use these gauntlets. You will get two attempts one without the gauntlets and one with. The gauntlets have been embedded with magic to increase your strength."

Lancy then went on to give a demonstration, while using all his might and sweat running down his face he had managed to push the boulder from one side to the other. The students clapped with his demonstration.

"Now let's see, who to go first, ah you there what's your name?"

Lancy's finger was pointed towards me.

"Ray."

I gave a one-word answer staring back at him knowing the reason why he picked me.

"What a rude Knight, you should answer those of a higher rank with respect."

"I only respect those that deserve respect."

Anger rose in Lancy face but suddenly he calmed down and spoke.

"Using my power as an administrator for this test I refuse Squier Ray to take this test. I hope this will be a lesson to all of you to respect your superiors."

I wanted to jump and lash out at him there and then but it wasn't the time nor the place. I didn't care much about the test in the first place. If I was to become a red sash it would allow me more time to study and self-train. even hunt outside for some crystals.

Whereas if I was to become a white sash I would be forced to do extra classes, my free time would be gone giving me less time to hunt. Although the extra training would also be nice.

I didn't lash out with this goal in mind. But it helped me, this way there was no need to fake the results of my test. Being first it would have been hard to gauge how well the other students had done. I hadn't been able to test my strength out after absorbing the other crystals it would have been hard to control my power. If I completed the test to easily more eyes would be on me.

After our scene, many students answered over the top to Lancy. I stayed and watched the other knights seeing how they performed. Most students weren't able to move the boulder at all unless they used the gauntlets. The gauntlets helped them move the boulder but still not to the other side.

Gary had managed to move the boulder to the other side but with great difficulty collapsing to the floor at the end. Dan did better than Gary, which was expected due to how heavy the staff he carried around was.

The student who performed best was Ian, he managed to lift the boulder and carry it over to the other side. Which many students were impressed with. Slyvia managed to move the boulder a little bit before having to use the gauntlets to push it completely to the other side.

Monk didn't farewell. Only managing to budge the boulder whilst using the gloves.

The first test had ended with everyone participating apart from me. We moved onto the next stage were Wilfred was the observer. Next to him was a man dressed in robes and hood covering his face.

Wilfred went forward to explain the next test to students.

"This test is called The hell of fire, it is used to determine the will and strength of your mind. The man next to me is a Mage from Roland academy. There are some magical beasts that are able to cast illusions. The mage here will cast an illusion of fire. For every minute you spend in the real world is an hour in the illusion. Your results will be determined by how long you last under the illusion of being burnt alive."

This time the test was done from the order of scores. Since I didn't do the last test I had the lowest score making me take this trial last.

All my roommates performed well on the test with Slyvia achieving the best score out of everyone. She managed to stay under the illusion for a whole five minutes. Most people had only managed a few seconds were as the top students manged a minute or so.

It was finally my turn, I headed towards the stage with a plan to achieve around 20 seconds. This was the average score. I didn't want to do the best but at the same time, I didn't want to do the worst either. A yellow or blue rank would be perfect giving me the best of both worlds. It would also not attract too much attention.

I arrived at the stage and the mage proceeded to put his hands above my head. The mage chanted a few words and images started to appear in my head. What appeared wasn't flames though, it was a giant red dragon. A dragon I recognised well, it was me. The image quickly disappeared and I opened my eyes shocked at the sight in front of me, to see the mage had fallen to the floor.

"He's cursed, he's cursed, by the Red Dragon Sen!" The man shouted while shaking his body on the ground.

Wilfred quickly asked a few knights on stage to escort the mage away.

The students started to gossip.

"I knew only bad luck would come of them."

"but it only happened to him, not the other red-haired children."

"Does this mean he failed the test?"

I went off the stage and towards Gary and asked what had happened.

"I don't know man, the mage had put his hand over you and cast the spell, it only lasted a second and he was on the floor sweating frightened just as you saw him," Gary said.

The only thing I could think of was the image that appeared in my head was shared with the mage.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34: Bad Luck
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The test had been put on hold while Wilfred went over to discuss with the elders about the situation. While we were waiting, the student's couldn't help but talk about me. It was the opposite of what I had hoped for. While trying to avoid attention, instead I became the centre of attention.

"You just like to steal my thunder don't you?" Gary said while putting his arm around me.

"This is not what I expected."

"First trouble with Lancy now this, you just can't help yourself."

Wilfred had come back from talking with the elders and started talking to the students.

"It seems the mage has suffered from mana sickness, the student who was being tested at the time. His score will still be the time he was under the illusion. Although this means he will receive a low score. luck is also a real factor in this world."

The students again started to whisper amongst themselves.

"Does this mean he scored only second?"

"The red hair must be extremely unlucky, looks like the curse might be true."

"Looks like the divine being has destined him as a red sash."

The group started moving on to the next test but before that, I had a question nagging on the mind.

"What's mana Sickness?" I asked Gary.

"I don't really know but I do know someone who will." Gary started jumping up in the crowd of students waving towards Slyvia.

"Slyvia, get over here I got a question!"

Slyvia joined us in the walk to the next testing facility. She looked a bit frustrated.

"Why is it every time you guys have a question you come and ask me?"

"We don't really know anyone here, me and Ray kind of stuck to ourselves even in Renny town but what I do know is you were always the top of the class."

The truth was Gary had plenty of chances to make friends with the students in Renny town. Every time they would invite him out to something, he would ask if he could bring me along. Their answer was no and they stopped asking him. We had become outsiders to the whole school.

"Fine, I guess you guys wouldn't know because it's more of a mage thing anyway. Mana sickness is when a mage uses up all their mana. When they try to go past their limit the mana can rebound in your body causing all sorts of crazy symptoms."

This was the excused they used. I must admit it was quite clever to pin the blame on that. The mage had gone through 300 students casting illusion spell after illusion spell. So it was an excuse most of the students would be able to accept.

Slyvia then looked towards Gary and pointed her finger towards him.

"I won't lose to you." She said as she walked off quickly to the next test centre.

"Looks like someone's got a rival?" I said to Gary.

Gary began to laugh and said.

"I only have one rival."

We arrived at the third test site which was surprisingly empty. There was only a Knight master dressed in all black. He had light equipment on and was carrying four daggers around his waist. A scarf was covering the top of his mouth so only his eyes were visible.

"This test is called the silent knight, for this test I want you to watch me carefully and try to copy all of my steps. I will only show you once."

The night started to move in a strange manner. It was a strange sight to see, even though he was on a platform with no obstacles I found it hard to keep track of him. His footwork almost seemed magical as he would move from one area to the next.

All the student gulped in amazement. I doubt most of them were able to even follow his movements, how were we meant to copy them.

Many students tried to simulate what the knight master had done but no one succeeded. Even Gary and Slyvia didn't have a clue. I could see the knight shaking his head in disappointment at everyone. I gave it a good try also but controlling my body to move like that was not my talent.

At the end of the test, there were only two students that the knight seemed to approve. One of them was Monk. Although Monk didn't do well on the other test it seemed like he had found his calling.

Onto the fourth test, it was quite obvious what it was going to be just looking at the test site. In front of was a small village. The village had many archery targets in various different places. On top of roofs in small windows, falling debris and more.

This time a female knight stepped forward. She had a small slender tall figure with silver long hair. She seemed to be a hit with a lot of the male students who couldn't help but howl at the sight of her.

She quickly made them shut up when she shot an arrow scratching one of the student's cheeks.

"This test is called The Eye Of Accuracy, the goal is to hit as many targets as you can, as fast as you can. The targets have markings on them. The closer you are to the middle of the target the more points you will get. You will have to judge whether speed or accuracy is more important."

I was quite excited for this task as my dragon eye skill would show me were the hidden targets were easy, although I had never used a bow before it didn't seem to difficult.

Watching the test as usual Ian, Slyvia and Gary did well, they were second best to one student Named Martha Woodlock. For some reason the name seemed familiar, even her appearance was familiar. She was dressed in all green and had long brown hair. I couldn't quite put my finger on where I had seen this person before.

It was now my turn. I went up and grabbed the bow on the table before heading up to the platform. There was a spot marked with an X sign on the floor where you were to start shooting from. Before the Master Knight could say go I activated my dragon eyes skill. I could see all the targets clearly and figured out the best order to hit them in one by one.

"Go!" She shouted.

I picked up an arrow and pulled back the string on the bow as hard as I could then.

*Snap

A sound was heard and the arrow had fallen to the floor. The string on the bow had snapped. I looked towards the knight wondering what was to happen in this type of situation.

"Luck is also a part of the test," She said.

I went back down of the platform having hit zero targets.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35: Super Tier
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slyvia was in deep thought about what had just happened. She had expected Ray to do well in the test. She even perhaps thought he was someone special. Anyone who was able to go out everyday and hunt magical beasts had to be skilful. Unless they were lying, but Ray didn't seem like the lying type to her. And Ray even claimed he had hunted an intermediate beast.

Slyvia couldn't get the thought out of her head so she decided to head over to Gary and ask him a few questions.

"Hey Gary, how strong would you say Ray is?"

Dan, Ian and Monk had a habit of sticking together and when they saw Slyvia go towards Gary decided to follow behind and listen in on the conversation.

"Ray, he's really strong."

Dan who had overheard the two talking couldn't help but laugh. After all, he had just seen Ray nearly fail all four tests.

"Him, have you seen the results on the test, I know he's your friend but you need to look with your eyes and not your heart."

Slyvia looked towards Dan with a stare. He quickly shut up, remembering the situation in the dorm.

"That's why I wanted to ask you, Gary, I thought Ray would do well. What makes you say he's strong."

Ray was scratching his head like a monkey who was deep in thought.

"It's hard to say, I haven't fought him in a long time."

"Maybe I can rephrase the question to make it easier for you. If you and Ray were to fight now who would win?"

"The last time I fought Ray I won easy."

"But you still say he's strong." Dan interrupted again.

"There something strange about him. I think if I fought him now I would lose nine times out of ten. When we were kids I got attacked by an Intermediate black wolf. I thought I was going to die that day. Then Ray came along and saved me."

"You need to make your tales more believable, there aren't even many squires who have trained for a year here that could take on an intermediate beast solo," Dan said.

It was true most people would find it hard to believe if someone would have said they defeated an intermediate beast at the age they were at now. The fact that Gary was telling them it was when they were Kids made it unbelievable.

The rest of the group thought Ray was just exaggerating a tale, perhaps it was just a big Basic tier wolf.

Slyvia thought different though, she remembered back to the night where she caught Ray leaving the castle. He had said he had defeated an intermediate beast before.

Although she kept this thought to herself the coincidences that happened in the test also concerned her. A mage from Roland academy would know there limits well when doing a test, she found it hard to believe that they would make a mistake and cause magic sickness. And with the bow, If a human tried to use pure strength to break a bow's string it would be near impossible.

She couldn't help but think that Ray was just unlucky.

*****

I must be unlucky. I thought to myself.

Although a little disheartened I reminded myself that it didn't matter what rank I was to obtain after the test. It was just a shame that I wasn't able to show my skills in at least one of the tests.

It was a shock to me, I had gained a lot of strength after absorbing those crystals. In my haste to shoot as quick as I could, I pulled too hard.

The last and final testing area was being marked by Delbert. His stage was empty as well, there was only him and a sword. It wasn't his usual sword for this one had a slightly different design. Towards the bottom of the hilt embedded inside was a red gemstone.

"This is the final test called The Will of truth, this test is about Ki, although you may have not learnt to control your Ki it is inside every one of you. It is about will power."

Delbert held up the sword and continued to talk.

"This sword was made using a super tier beast crystal of the firebird."

Flames started to appear all around the sword.

"Once the sword touches you it will use your Ki to power it, you must use your will to do your best to subdue the flames."

Delbert displayed a couple more times what he wanted us to do. Once touching the sword flames would appear on the blade, we then had to use our will power to control the flames to make them disappear.

Most of the students who took the test did well. The talented ones were able to make the flames completely go away while others managed to make the flame dim. The task itself seemed quite simple compared to how many students achieved the task.

It came to my turn as I was last again having achieved nothing at the last test. I went to grab the sword by the hilt and a strange thing started thing happened.

When I wasn't expecting it, a message appeared saying I had obtained the crystal. I quickly made the message go away. But there was another problem, the sword held in my hands now wasn't activating, no flames would appear.

I turned towards Delbert showing him I was holding the sword with both hands but nothing was happening.

"I think it's broken."

"Don't be a fool, this is a super beast weapon it activates even to the smallest amount of Ki. Give it to me here."

Delbert had taken the sword from my hands and his eyes had opened wide. He tried to stimulate his Ki flow into the sword but still, no flames would appear.

"What have you done! This is a treasure of the Alure Kingdom" Delbert shouted at me.

"You were watching me the whole time, I didn't do anything."

The truth at this moment I was very happy, I didn't know why the System allowed me to take the super crystal but I had obtained a grand treasure for free.

Delbert looked like he was about to strike me with the sword itself for what had happened. Luckily Wilfred had been watching what was happening on the screen this whole time and had come over to the fifth test site.

The two of them whispered something to each other and ended the test there. Wilfred came down from the stage before the students.

"You have all done well in today's test. I am proud that you will become knights of Avrion Academy. Will you please head back to your rooms until you are called out to the dining hall, you will all receive your obtained rank before dinner, and then sent to the appropriate place to begin your training."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36: My only rival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As we were making our way back to our rooms, Gary pulled me to one side from behind and whispered in my ear.

"Hey Ray, do me a favour before we go back, could you wait for me on the roof of our dormitory?"

Gary rarely asked me to do him any favours, I nodded my head in agreement. It was strange, I didn't know what Gary had wanted for me but it seemed to concern him a great deal as he rushed in front of the others to meet me there.

Instead of going to my room, I went to the roof as Gary had asked. Surprisingly when I got there, there wasn't a soul in sight. It was strange considering Gary had run ahead, I thought he would have reached the roof before me.

I went to the edge of the roof. The view was nice from here, I could see a good portion of the city. All the little lights glowing in the dark from the houses looked beautiful. In the past, there would be flames dotted around not so bright but now, they were bright lights powered by crystals.

I looked to my right where I could see the Centre of Avrion academy. The centre was a tower around a hundred meters taller than the dormitory building. One day I would have to go up there and check out the view. If there was one thing I missed more then anything, it was the ability to fly. I could glide through the skies and have a beautiful view whenever I wanted. Although the night was never as pretty as it was now.

As I was leaning off the edge looking at the city, I heard the sound of the door shut behind me. Gary had finally arrived and in his hands, he held two wooden training sword.

"Hey what are those things for?" I asked while walking towards him.

Gary's face was serious, I hadn't seen him like this for a long time.

"You know, today Slyvia asked me a question, she asked who's stronger out of me and you. Do you know what answer I gave her."

"We haven't fought in a long time."

"I said you, but the truth is that was only a guess. Ever since I came to Avrion academy everyone around me had been calling me a genius. If I'm the genus, then what does that make you." Gary threw one of the wooden swords in his hand towards me.

I managed to catch it, still confused at what he was getting at. Gary continued.

"I'm not an idiot. I know I'm probably going to receive a white sash tonight, but you Ray will most likely get a red one. Meaning I might never get a chance like this again. So I ask you, please fight me."

Gary had an intense look in his eyes, it was hard to say no. Even if I wanted to, but I wanted to fight Gary just as much as he wanted to fight me. I needed to see how much I had improved since that day on the hill.

I readied my sword in my hand. Gary knew that this meant I had accepted his duel. If he wanted to fight me then I was going to give him a real fight.

I initiated the first attack dashing towards him. I swung straight down right towards his face. Gary managed to block it making him stumble back a few feet. He smiled.

"So powerful, you would have easily passed The Gem of Strength test," Gary said while smiling.

Gary retaliated with a few strikes of his own, although slower and not as powerful as mine were. He kept striking in difficult places making me feel awkward.

The fight continued going back and forth between both of us blocking and dodging each others strikes.

"Come on, show me how you defeated that wolf in the black forest. This isn't all you got I know it."

Gary was a true genius with the sword. My swings were around twice as fast and powerful yet, he still managed to block and dodge them. While I was just hanging in there.

I wanted to beat him without using my beast form, but I could see that Gary was getting tired. If we carried on I would have eventually beat him. I felt like the crystals had given me an unfair advantage having more stamina. If Gary was to lose, it was more honourable for him to lose using everything I had.

I placed the hilt of the sword in my mouth. Pushing my teeth deep down into the wood. I got on all fours like a wild beast. Most people would have laughed at the site of a human mimicking an animal but not Gary. He stood there waiting, watching my every move.

I ran towards him, Gary went to slash me on the ground, I quickly moved to the side and grabbed his foot using it to swing my body around behind him. I then whacked him behind with the sword. He was unable to react to the awkward movements.

Gary was great at swordsmanship, he would always find the right spots to strike. The Beast form was just too unpredictable in my movements for him.

Gary fell and knelt to the ground. He turned towards me with a big grin.

"I guess you're still my only rival Ray."

We went back to the room together, upon entering the room we were met with a surprise. The guys were sitting around the table happily chatting away but there was a newcomer in the room as well.

The person quickly saw both of us, she got out of her seat and came over introducing herself.

"Hi there, I'm your new roommate, Martha."

It was the girl who had done well in the Archery test. It now explained where I had seen the name before. It was on the door of our room. There was still something that confused me though. I was sure that I had seen her before as well.

"Martha, I don't remember you being at Renny school," Gary said.

"I wasn't, my mother is one of the leaders of an adventure guild, they gave me special permission to take the test and put me with you guy's since you had space."

It hit me. I finally remembered why she had looked so familiar. She looked nearly identical to the women we had met ten years ago on our way to Renny town. The women was also an adventure. Martha must have been related to the women in some way.

When I was just about to ask Martha about it an announcement could be heard being projected to each of our rooms.

"Will you please make you're way to the dining hall. Where you will be awarded your ranks and sashes."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37: A Mystery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The seven of us arrived in the dining hall together and sat at our designated table. Even though the trial was now over, the atmosphere was similar to lunchtime. Some people were nervous, sweat dripping from the heads and even praying. While others were excited with anticipation.

The room had a more warm feeling this time. As nightfall had arrived the grand fireplace was lit at the centre stage giving off orange flames. The grand paintings on the wall showed more detail as showdown could now be seen.

The lights had suddenly been lit to an orange colour. Turning on one by one as the master knights came to the stage.

On the stage stood Wilfred, Delbert, and Barnardo. Next to the three, were the two other Master knights who also appeared at the test sights. The man dressed in black with a scarf covering his face and the female archer.

Each of the knights held a box in their hand containing the different coloured sashes inside. Wilfred then stood forward with the box in hand.

"We will now be announcing the results of today's assessments. When you here your name will you please come to the stage where you will receive a sash from one of the following master knights.

One by one students were called up to the stage and were given a sash from the boxes. The sash was a plain solid colour making then easy to differentiate from each other. As the students went on stage they bore mix emotions form the colours they received.

Some jumped up in joy shouting to the crowd as they received a white sash, while another boy was in tears at receiving a red sash. The sashes were handed out table by table. It finally came to our groups turn.

Ian and Slyvia had both received white sashes, which was expected based on their performance in the test. Dan had received a blue sash, looking a bit disappointed at the result. Martha was very pleased with her result receiving a green sash.

When Monk had gone up to the stage, he looked nervous. Walking slowly and stiffly to the stage. I could understand why, like me, Monk hadn't done well on any of the tests aside from one. Most likely he would receive a red sash.

When he got to the stage though surprisingly he had been given a black sash. Monk excitedly took the sash and bowed down quickly getting off stage.

The noise in the room grew as people were talking about what had just happened. Monk was the only person so far who had received a black sash.

When Gary's name was called, he walked up confidently to the stage. After all, most people would have said that Gary was the best performing student today. There wasn't a doubt in his or anyone else mind that he deserved a White sash.

Strangely enough, when he reached the stage Gary was also handed a black sash. Gary stared at the stash for a while, not taking it from the masters Knights hand. It seemed like he was in shock. A few seconds later he snapped out of it, took his sash and bowed down to the knight.

My name had finally been called, I went up to the stage and expected like everyone else to receive a red sash, but didn't mind because it was what I was also aiming for in the first place.

When I entered the stage I expected Bernardo to step forward as he had been handing out the red sashes to students so far. Instead, the knight master dressed in black had stepped forward and presented me with a black sash. I took the sash and quickly left the stage.

The sashes had finished being handed out and the celebratory meal had begun. The feast was grand, with high-quality ingredients and top dishes on the table. I had never eaten such great food before.

We sat at our table and began eating, most of us were enjoying joyous conversation apart from Gary who had seemed a bit down, until he muttered a few words out.

"Why did we receive black shashes? what does this mean?"

The table went silent as we could tell Gary was upset by this, after all, black was a strange sash colour. Nobody knew what it meant and it was hard to gauge if it was good or bad.

Gary was considered to have done the best in the test results, Myself and monk were considered some of the worst, yet we had all received a black sash.

Slyvia was the one to finally break the silence.

"I tried speaking to one of the second-year students who also wore a black sash, but he wouldn't say anything about it. He was happy to talk about other things apart from anything concerning his black sash."

"Maybe we're special."

Monk said. It seemed like Monk's shy nature had changed ever since he received a black sash instead of a red one. He was starting to speak more often to the group.

"There have been cases of Knights changing their ranks later on, so I wouldn't worry about it too much." Slyvia in her own way seemed to be trying to cheer up Gary.

Gary then looked towards me seeing that we both had the same coloured sash and started to smile.

"Looks like we will be training together after all."

I smiled back but didn't say much. I was just as concerned as Gary about what had happened. Originally I had wanted to get a low ranking sash colour. This way I would be given more free time and was away from the eyes of the Knights. In the end, I received black, a colour no one seemed to have knowledge about it.

A total of four students had received a black sash. Thirty received green. Ten received white and the rest were mixes of various colours. It was clear that black was the rarest of the colours. Out of 300 students to only allow four to receive a black sash. This was a complete mystery.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38: Sir K
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After everyone had finished eating their meal in the dining hall, we were organized into separate groups based on our colours. The black sash students and white sash students looked tiny compared to the other colours.

I quickly went over to join Monk and Gary and noticed another student in front of them.

The fourth student also wore a black sash, he was one of the other boys from Renny town. I had recognized him before but didn't bother to learn his name until now.

His name was Kyle. Kyle was a bold headed energetic person but there was something that stood out about him. It was his eyebrows, his eyebrows were the shade of red so he was also one of the students who had red hair. Judging by his age and the little streaks of hair that could be seen, it looked as if Kyle shaved his head rather then born bold.

Each of the master knights were to lead the students to the training area associated with there colour. We were being led by the Knight dressed in black.

As we walked through the hallway together the master knight didn't say a word to the four of us, having no idea where we were heading. Kyle had been constantly fidgeting on the walk over, it looked like he was trying to find a chance to talk to the master knight but failed to do so.

Eventually, he took a deep breath and just went for it.

"Ermm, Sir, Master knight, what should we call you?"

Suddenly the knight stopped walking. There was silence for a good minute. Sweat had begun to run down the other three faces as if Kyle had just made a big mistake.

"You can call me K." He finally responded.

The knight then continued to walk and we followed along. Strangely our path, unlike the other students, took us outside the academy. The moon was shining brightly and howls from beast creatures nearby could be heard. Monk and Kyle couldn't help but shake at the noises.

"The magical beast resides in the caves nearby. On a full moon like today there powers increase, on the rare occasion they have been able to enter the city so be on the lookout." K said.

Kyle and monk gulped, they were so frightened I could have sworn I could hear their heartbeat.

"Have you ever been to the caves?" I asked, thinking it might be a good place to hunt.

"Although you a free to leave the city in your free time, I would not recommend hunting there unless you have a death wish."

It seemed as if K knew what I was thinking. K gave me a strange feeling. It didn't feel dangerous but It didn't feel safe with him either. Usually, when I first meet someone I could tell there intent straight away. Even with the other master knights, I was able to tell. But K had been the first person were wasn't able to read him. In truth, it frightened me a bit.

Up ahead was a mansion-like building. It looked run down from the outside as if no one had lived in it for years. Out of the building came a tall figure. The darkness made the figure unclear.

The figure carried on walking towards us, Monk and Kyle couldn't help but shake in fear at the dark shady figure. Gary had his hand on his hilt ready to strike at any moment.

"Greetings, Sir K."

"Same to you, Sir Delbert."

The shady figure that came from the building turned out to be Knight Delbert. He greeted Knight K kindly but then saw me behind him and scorned at me.

"You think your so special don't you Ray," Delbert said.

I was shocked at this sudden outburst, although Delbert had never been the nicest to me, I was surprised he would act this way in front of another knight and other students.

Delbert moved towards me.

"I know you did something to that sword, if it was up to me I would never allow your kind here." He looked towards me and Kyle.

Delbert came closer towards me until his face almost touched mine. A blade suddenly appeared in between the two of us. Sir K had drawn his sword.

"May I remind you, Delbert, that Ray is now a black sash squire and is under my protection."

Delbert looked towards K.

"Avrion Academy will soon know the prophecy is wrong and we will see who was right."

K showed no reaction to the words spoken. Delbert waited a few moments before moving away from me and walked off in the direction of Avrion Academy.

"What a D**K, I didn't know Delbert was like that," Kyle said.

I guess it was a surprise to Monk and Kyle, whereas me and Gary had seen the way Delbert had acted before.

"It looked like he had it out for the two of you," Monk said.

I looked towards Kyle, we both understood why. It seemed like Delbert had an extreme hatred towards those who wore had red hair.

Gary came up to me and whispered.

"What was that talk about the prophecy, do you know anything about it?"

I shook my head pretending I didn't know anything. I had a good guess at what Delbert was talking about. When they came to our town ten years ago I overheard him speaking to Wilfred about the prophecy, how they had found four people.

Then at Renny town, the five of us had been given special guards and tutors. We all had one thing in common and that was red hair. Assuming that when they found me they then had five, they seemed to be rounding up people with red hair. This could be a coincidence but I believed it had something to do with their prophecy.

There was a difference between me and the other kids thought that I seemed to notice. Their hair was completely red, while mine had streaks of black. Their hair had been red from the day they were born. Mine was originally black later changing to red, most likely due to my past life.

If the prophecy was looking for people with red hair, then I was not the person. They had made a mistake.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: Our Role
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sir K was the first one to head up to the mansion doors. He pulled on the giant metal ring. As the door was swung wide open, a gust of wind came out towards us. I closed my eyes as the dust was kicked up into the air but when I opened them again, Sir K had seemed to disappear.

"Where did he go?" Monk said.

"My eyes were closed," Kyle replied.

We all looked at each other having no clue what had happened to Sir K.

"Well, shall we go in then." Gary walked towards the door first showing no fear upon entering the mansion.

Inside the mansion, it wasn't as spectacular as the rest of Avrion city. The mansion had hardly any upkeep done on it. Unlike everywhere else, they used crystals as a light source. Whereas the mansion still had candles, which made the rooms incredibly dark.

I activated dragon eyes and could see several people inside the mansion but not many. For some reason, though I couldn't spot Sir K at all.

"What should we do?" Monk asked.

"I think it's best if we wait here, for now, the worst thing we can do is start wandering around and get lost," Gary said.

So we decided to wait at the front entrance. It was unlikely that Sir K would forget about us and he would eventually come back. Suddenly a red knight sash came out from one of the doors in the main room.

"Hey, are you guys first years? I see you're black sashes, well you're in the right place don't worry about that." He said.

Gary took this chance to ask the red sash knight a few questions.

"I thought only black sash knights were allowed here?"

"Yes, but for us red knight sashes, sometimes we're used for communicating messages between different departments."

Monk whispered in my ear.

"Looks like we lucked out, I guess it's true that they treat the red knights like crap."

"Do you know anything about the black knights?" Gary asked.

"Well, usually I wouldn't tell anyone about this, but since you guys are going to be black knights anyway it won't do any harm. There are rumours that the black knights are assassins. That they go on secret missions as double agents or get tasked to kill people."

"That can't be true," Gary shouted. He looked annoyed when the red sash mentioned that.

Gary continued to complain.

"A knight would never do something as dirty as assassination they would fight there foes head-on."

The red knight looked at Gary like he was a naive child.

"All though some people may think it's a dirty job, someone has to do. They play an important role in the kingdom. With the Dark guilds and the black plague, skilful knights with these skills are needed."

Gary didn't respond but just gripped his fist tightly.

"Anyway, you guys just stay here, a squire master should come down in a bit." The red knight then continued to walk out of the mansion. As soon as the red sash left, Gary turned towards us and started to complain.

"Do you believe what he said, how could a knight do such things?"

Gary was clearly troubled by what he heard. While monk and kyle kind of looked excited, they were happy that they just didn't get chosen as red shashes and would be able to help the kingdom.

"Humans have always been like this, it's nothing new," I said.

Just then a knight came through one of the doors. He had short blonde hair and a beard. he looked to be a few years older than us. he also wore a blue sash but he had a single golden ribbon on it. The blue knight walked towards us.

"Hi there, I'm the black Squier master Joesph, you can just call me Joe. I will be taking you to your tempory rooms for the night here. Tomorrow we will start training bright and early. Usually, you will stay in your normal accommodation but for today you'll spend the night here.

Joe took us to the upper floors of the mansion. While we walking Gary couldn't help but ask Joe about the black sashes.

"Is it true, that the black sashes are assasins?"

"All though it might not be a job to be proud of, it is true. usually, we only get around one new recruit a year. It's amazing that we managed to get four this year. Sir K will explain more details to you when the time is right."

Gary didn't say much either, as he was deep in thought.

We finally reached a door that had a sign saying, blue squire knights. When we entered the room it was even more empty than the last. There were 8 single beds but nothing else. No desk, no chairs just beds with their blankets.

"I know it's a bit empty, but it's only for one night."

Joe closed the door behind him and left us. Suddenly though Sir K had appeared in the room. Kyle fell out of his bed as he was just tucking in for the night, while monk had his blanket covered over his face.

"Sorry for the scare, I had something I needed to deal with urgently."

As soon as Gary had seen sir K he walked up to him to ask the same question as if he couldn't believe anyone else's words.

"Is it true, that the black sashes are assassins."

"You don't seem to be too thrilled by the decision. It is true, you were each picked because of the master knights saw something special in you that would make you a great assassin. Currently, Avrion academy is in the need for them more than ever.

"But I did the best, I should have become a white sash," Gary complained.

"Although you certainly did impress all of us and easily could have become a white sash night, we thought you're skills more suited a black sash."

Gary went over to his bed defeated.

"You guy's should get some rest, tomorrow everyone in the academy will receive the appropriate training for their colour rank. after we will do group basic training with all the students."

Sir k then turned towards me.

"Ray, you will need to stay behind for additional training after the colour training."

After saying those words Sir K quickly vanished into thin air again, not giving me any time to ask what exactly I needed to do.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40: Dragon Knights
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I woke up to the sound of two metallic objects banging together could be heard throughout the mansion. It affected me more than most due to my sensitive hearing. Joe was standing in front of door banging two metal pots together. It seemed like this was the traditional way to wake up the new students.

"Can you not just wake us up like normal," Gary complained.

We quickly got out of bed and dressed into the standard school uniform, lining up in front of Joe. Joe looked at each one of us checking all was in order such as gear and sashes.

"Good, you're starting to look like real knights now, unfortunately, I have some bad news. Training has been cancelled for today and will start tomorrow. An emergency meeting has been called between the master knights. You are free to spend the day as you wish."

"Can we go outside?" I asked.

"Unfortunately not, until you learnt the basics at Avrion academy, you are not permitted to leave the city. Please feel free to visit the library or even the church to get a blessing from the divine being."

Joe saluted to us before leaving.

"What are you going to do now then Ray?" Gary asked.

"I'm thinking of heading to the library, what about you?." I wanted to go to find out new information about the Dragon knights and the Divine being. Perhaps it would give me an idea of what was inside that tomb. Although I could go grave robbing it was something I didn't want to do on my first day here.

"That sounds boring, I'm going to head to the training ground, maybe there are a few people who will spar with me."

Monk had decided to head back to the dorms and catch up with the others, while Kyle went along with Gary to the training grounds. This left me on my own which I was pleased about.

The library was a grand place just like the other building in Avrion academy. It felt like it would take a whole lifetime to be able to read every one of these books.

I decided to fist check out on information about the dragon knights. Of course, there were many books about the Dragon knights since they were the founders of Avrion academy.

I skimmed through a couple of the books that I picked out at random, most of them talked about how the five knights came together to protect the kingdom against the shadow plaque.

It was believed that the shadow plague originated from a different continent. When it came to the southern continent it started to take over the land quickly. A truce was called between the kingdoms and the dragon knights managed to hold off the shadow plaque. That was around fifty years ago and there hasn't been activity since.

Although I learnt a bit about there past, I didn't find any information about their weapons or armour. This was the information I was looking for. Until I came across a book titled "The truth about the Dragon knights."

This book was different from the rest, as it didn't talk about the great deeds or the stories of the dragon knights but the dragon knights themselves. It talked about their personalities their armour their weapons. This was what I had been looking for.

I went to sit down at a table by the library and studied the book further. Then I saw something that interested me. The book began to talk about the abilities the knights would use in battle, how the skills they used weren't human-like. They had a unique set of skills that allowed them to use magic as well as fight with a weapon.

The magic wasn't standard magic that was known across the land, but abilities that belonged to the long lost age of dragons. It stated that although many people think they were named Dragon knights because of the armour and weapons they wore, it was actually due to the skills they used in combat. Unfortunately, the book didn't have any other useful information in it and it didn't go into detail about any of their abilities.

I turned the book over to see the name of the author "Lenny Steel."

"Lenny steel, an author known to exaggerate tails of the past." A voice said coming from my right.

I looked to the seat next to me and to my surprise it was Slyvia. I was too focused on the book to notice who was sitting next to me. I didn't have a clue how long she had been there for.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Lenny steel, he used to be a knight at Avrion academy, a long time ago but then he quit and became an author to make a living."

"Is this person still alive?" If I could find this person then perhaps he would be able to answer my questions about the dragon knights.

"He stopped writing books long ago so I'm not sure, but maybe Wilfred would know more information about him."

"Do you know if he wrote any books on the divine being?" It was hard to find books on the divine being. It was taboo for people to write about it so all the tales were pretty generic.

"Even if he did I wouldn't use him as a credible source, although his books are interesting theories and ideas to read, they are discredited by many people as tales of fantasy. If you want to know some information you can always ask me?"

"Do you know why the divine being is worshipped so much, it seems even more so here in avrion city." While walking around I had heard many people finish their sentences with "Bless the divine being." Some many churches and shrines were dedicated to it.

"Actually yes, it is said that the divine being was the one who gave the dragon knights their powers, it also guided them to create Avrion academy warning them of the shadow plague."

"Is there any way to see the divine being." If there was a chance to see them, maybe I could ask why I was turned into a human.

"The divine being is said to be located in the Alure capital near Roland academy, but they don't just let anyone see it."

I had hoped that my trip to the library would be able to answer the question I had but instead, it just led me to more. I chatted with Slyvia a while longer asking her more question's but her information was limited, in the end, we headed back to the dormitories together to get some rest for the next day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41: Training Begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The training seemed to be tough on everyone. Every morning we would be woken up by the sound of two metal pots banging as soon as the sun rose. Head down for breakfast for a meal, then start our training.

The basic training lessons were based outside. It was compulsory for all the new students to participate. The morning training consisted of stamina training, which included running several laps around the field. Then we moved on to strength training, which consisted of lifting, pushing and leg training.

After the first few hours of our fundamentals, we then moved on to weaponry. We were all trained in the basics of every weapon in case anything happened on the battlefield. This included archery, sword and shield, axe-wielding and even spear work.

Bernardo was in charge of overseeing the basic training, he would often comment and advise the students on their technique. Slyvia, Ian, and Gary continued to do well in training while Monk and Kyle were a bit behind the others.

I found that with the strength training I had to tone it down my actual fitness level to try to match everyone around me. I decided to match Dan in skill level so no one would get too suspicious. Although the skill training with weaponry I found useful and eventually got the hang of using all different types of weapons. My dexterity had greatly improved.

After physical training, students were required to spar with each other. Each student was given a rank depending on how they did on the test. I was given the number 300 being ranked the last place on the test, while Gary was given rank 1. This pleased him, as even though he had a black sash it proved to himself that he did well on the test.

Each student would have to spar with the person ranked above them, so I would spar with number 299. We all given chain mail to wear, that had been enchanted for extra protection on top of weighing more than usual. While you were allowed to pick your weapon of choice for sparing. The equipment used were made of wood making it near impossible to deliver a lethal blow.

If you were the beat the person ahead, you would then take their ranking number. The system was made even easier due to the watch items we were given. The watch seemed to be powered by a beast crystal and had a number displayed on it. The number signified your rank and would automatically update once you had defeated your opponent.

The ranking system even worked outside of the training facility were students were encouraged to spar often as long as they used the training equipment which was too blunt to deal a lethal blow.

At the end of the day, everyone bodies were too sore to move from all the training on the first day. Bernardo came forward to talk to the students.

"You all might be thinking that you are at breaking point and you can't go on but worry not for tomorrow will be a rest day. Rest is just as important as training, so even if you think you can train, it will only do you more harm."

This basic training routine continued for three months, in the cycle of training and rest. We still had not had any training related to our colour sashes and was beginning to get a little impatient. I also had asked if we were free yet to go outside, the answer was the same as always. "Not until you have completed your basic training."

I was eager to hunt some magical beasts and get my points up to 100.

After the three months of basic training had passed we had finally begun our special black sash training.

After a normal routine of basic training, Bernardo came to speak to all of us again.

"You all will now take part in your colour rank training. Now that you have built up a basic fitness level you will be able to deal with the special training lessons. These lessons will take part straight after your basic lesson training."

It made sense now why the new students didn't start with basic and special training in the first place. Watching the other students, they struggled to lift a finger after they had finished basic training. But now everyone was used to the demand and strain that was put on their body.

Joe asked for the black sash squires to head the mansion after they had completed their basic training. We met up in a small training room inside the mansion. The room was just big enough to fit all of us in including Joe. The room was dark and dimly lit just when our eyesight was finally getting our bearings the lights turned off in the room.

Joe's voice suddenly could be heard, but it sounded as if it was being projected from all sorts of different directions making it hard to pinpoint his location.

"Here is where your black squire training will begin, in this room, you will learn stealth."

Joe suddenly had put his hands on mine and Gary shoulder which was a shock to us both. before the lights had gone off we were clearly able to see him standing in front of us. If he had moved we should have heard him yet not one of us in the room did.

After Joe's hand had touched me, I activated my dragon eyes skill to see if I could see him. Thankfully unlike Sir K, I was still able to track Joe movements using dragon eyes. I could see Joe creeping around the room talking in a low voice.

"You will also learn how to pick locks, conceal yourself from your enemies and climb heights you have never climbed before."

Joe had provided us with special armour that only the black squire and knights were allowed to wear. The clothing items were all light but well protected while dark in colour to avoid being seen easily.

The first part of the training was about how to make our footsteps silent, Monk was a natural at this while I struggled but not as bad as Gary who didn't seem to understand the concept behind it.

Next, he taught us how to pick locks of all standards of difficulty, using my dragon eyes skill would give me an easy advantage but I decided to try to learn without it. And Joe even taught us how to scale and climb walls, with my extra strength it was a breeze.

We all begin to enjoy the black night training, the techniques I learnt were interesting so I stuck to them. Everyone became very skilful apart from Gary. Every day the frustration would get to him more and more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42: Rankings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After six months of training not much had changed in terms of rankings between students. Gary was still ranked in 1st place while 2nd place was held by some guy from another school.

I didn't bother paying much attention to it because I didn't care about the rankings so much. The only reason why I knew what I did, was because Kyle had become obsessed with them.

He was like our own personal bulletin board. Every time after our special black knight training finished, he would update us on the latest situation with the rankings.

We currently had just finished a session of training and were resting in the accommodation at the mansion. It became routine for us to talk before heading back to our dorms. Each of us was lying down on our bed.

"Did you here Slyvia just beat Peter to take the third spot, everyone talking about how she could be a challenge for you Gary. How our King will turn into a queen." Kyle said with a sparkle in his eyes.

"I'm not too worried, there's only one person who can beat me here anyway." Kyle looked over in my direction, luckily no one noticed and even if they did, I don't think they would take him seriously.

My current ranking went from 300 to 280, I decided to fight students using the black night skills I had learned. The students found it difficult to deal with but at the same time, it was hard to use the skills to their full extent since most of them were meant to be used when hidden or hit kills.

After testing out the new skills I learned, I started focusing on controlling my power. While sparing different students I would control my power output to match theirs and just lose the fight by a hair. This was a very tiring thing to do but helped improve my control greatly.

"I wish I was staying in your monster dorm you have most of the top 10 people in there. Gary ranked 1st, Slyvia 2nd, Ian 5th even Dan and Martha have a good ranking for not being white knights. Heck, even Monk managed to move to number 50."

Monk started to blush a little at the compliment made.

"It's all thanks to the special training we've been doing."

"That useless garbage I haven't been using it and still managed to stay on top," Gary said.

Gary was still reluctant to use the skills we had learnt, he just couldn't get the hang of it and eventually gave up using it.

"It's not useless, just cause you're bad at it doesn't make it useless." Monk had now stood up and was staring at Gary in the face.

I had never seen Monk get like this before, but he had been more dedicated than anyone to the training. It was as if he had become an entirely new person after the training.

Kyle stood up and got in between the two of them.

"Calm down you two, we're all fellow black sashes so we need to stick together."

Gary went to grab the sash that was around his neck and there it towers the floor.

"This useless thing I don't even need it."

While Monk had changed for the better after getting the black sash, Gary was the opposite. Every day he seemed to be getting more and more frustrated at training perhaps, he had hit his boiling point.

"Pick it up," Monk said in a heavy tone.

Monk looked furious at what Gary had just done.

"Make me," Gary replied now pushing against Kyle's hand.

Kyle then looked towards me.

"Ray can you help out here, I don't think I can hold them back any longer.

I had been sitting at my bed the whole time not wanting to get involved. Their business was their business after all. There arguing was annoying me so I came up with a simple suggestion.

"Why don't you two just have a rank battle?"

Kyle's eyes looked as if they were going to pop out of his head as if I had just made the worst suggestion possible.

"Fine tomorrow after basic training well duel and see if you're black knight skills are as good as you say they are."

Kyle was just shaking his head at what just happened as Monk and Gary went back to their dorms.

"Why would you say that?" Kyle said coming up to me.

"Did you forget that you all live together, what are you going to do if they carry on fighting in your room."

"If they carry on doing that I'll step in and teach them both a lesson."

Kyle laughed at the thought.

"I know we're both black knights but me and you are miles from them, I'm ranked at 160, and you're even lower then me, how could you stop then two."

I simply walked off and headed back to the dormitory, I couldn't be bothered to give Kyle his answer and he wouldn't believe me anyway.

I got back to the room later then Gary and Monk. When entering the room the atmosphere was tense between the two of them and they both were keeping silent.

Sylvia came over towards me.

"What happened to those two, they've been like this since they entered the room?"

"They had an argument." I didn't really want to explain much it wasn't my place to say anything.

Just then Dan came barging into the room all excited.

"Is it really true? that Monk and Gary are going to fight tomorrow!?" Dan said.

The whole room was in shock at what they had heard. It wasn't a normal thing for someone of high rank to accept a match with someone several ranks below them unless they had a personal grudge. But that wasn't the only thing, this was between two people that we all knew well.

"From the looks of things, I think you hit the nail on the head," Sylvia said.

Seconds later it seemed like the whole school was talking about the upcoming fight between Gary and Monk and I could only guess who it was that spread the news so fast.

Kyle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43: The duel!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Training between the students seemed more lacklustre than ever today and that was because of one reason. The fight between Monk and Gary. The students were excited for the ranking match happening later during the day, it wall anyone could talk about.

Kyle had turned the whole thing into a huge event, he set up a time and place where the fight would be and even set up bets between the students. Gary was the favourite to win but he had given good odds for a Monk as well, using the mystery of the black sash students as a selling point. Of course, this was done away from the eyes of the teachers, they knew about the match but not the betting.

Although ranking matches happened every day, this had become a hot topic because it was a grudge match including the number one in the school. Everyone also knew that Monk was quickly rising through the ranks and even though he was currently at rank fifty, his true ranking would be in the top Tens.

Most of the students had gathered around a section of the outside training area. The crowd of students had formed a square shape of people to use as a ring. Gary and Monk were standing ten feet away from each other ready for the fight to start.

I was standing next to my roommates, Ian, Slyvia, Dan and Martha. When Kyle had come over to talk to us.

"So any of you want to place a bet on who's going to win?" Kyle was holding a piece of paper with a list of names and a tray of money hanging around his neck.

"How could you even ask us, we're friends with both of them, roommates even, I would hate for them to find out we were betting on them."

Dan placed down a Ten Sepy note in Kyles tray.

"Ten on Gary to win easy."

"Dan!" Slyvia shouted.

"Five for Monk from me, I always prefer the underdog," Martha said.

"I can't believe you two, right Ian," Slyvia said.

Ian couldn't look Slyva in the eye and started fiddling with his hands.

"Don't tell me?."

"The big guy already betted on Gary to win," Kyle said.

Kyle then went off shouting to the crowd informing everyone that the betting was now closed and the fight would begin any second now.

"Well, at least I know you didn't bet anything Ray, but I do have to ask do you think Monk has a chance?" Sylvia asked with a worried look on her face.

"Oh, so you also think Garys going to win."

Slyvia didn't reply but the look on her face said everything.

"Monk has put in more effort into our special training than any of us. He outperforms us in nearly every aspect of our training. Although Gary is naturally skilled and could beat nearly everyone, I would say Monk is the worst type of opponent for him now."

Dan who was listening in on us had his words to say.

"Well I fought Gary and lost in under a minute, I honestly don't think Monk stands a chance."

Everyone's attention now went to the two people standing inside the square. Kyle was being a type of ref for the two of them.

The two had their weapons ready in hand facing off to each other. Kyle stood in the middle with his hand in the air.

"3..2...1...Fight."

Kyle's hand went down to signal the start of the fight, he quickly went back into the crowd. Monk started as the aggressor striking Gary as soon as possible. The crowd was impressed Monk was moving and attacking from all different angles. Left, right, below above. The impressive thing was how quickly he would move from one stance to the next.

It was amazing as Monk was using his small body frame to his advantage. People in the crowd were shocked at would they were seeing but what was as equally impressive was Gary, who was managing to block nearly every single one of the attacks.

"Phew, Monk had me worried there for a second," Dan said.

Monk was relentless with his attacks but he was soon running out of stamina and energy unable to keep up the pace. Gary saw this and used the opportunity to strike back.

When Gary went to strike back at Monk, Monk seemed to switch gear with his footwork. His feet were now nearly moving similar to Sir K on the knight test exam. Gary was finding it hard to keep track of Monks movements. Every time Gary would strike were Monk was, he would have moved before his weapon reached his target.

"Go Monk! Don't give up!" Martha shouted.

The fight continued to go back and forth between the two of them for a good ten minutes.

"It looks like this match could go on for a while," Slyvia said.

"No it will end soon, our techniques are used for an assassination. Our whole aim is to defeat our opponents quickly. Monk knew this, that's why he's been trying so hard this whole time. The second it went over the ten-minute mark Monk lost this battle, unless..."

Although I said this to the group, there was still a chance for Monk to win the fight. The fact was that Gary had been underestimating his opponent this whole fight. Gary hadn't been using his full strength this whole fight. He had been playing along with Monk making him go past the ten-minute mark.

Monk was now visibly sweating buckets of sweat, whereas Gary barely had any on him.

"Ready to give up?" Gary said.

Monk didn't say anything and tried to control his breathing. Gary had gotten frustrated at this point and finally used a full-strength attack against Monk. Monk lifted his blade to block the attack. The attack was so powerful from Gary that the wooden sword had snapped into pieces.

"It's over,"

Just then, Monk grabbed one of the broken parts of the wooden sword and held it in his hand like a dagger. He moved the dagger with full strength aiming right for Gary's neck.

The wood splinter had made the weapon sharp. It was no longer the blunt piece of wood that we used for training but a real weapon now. When the wooden dagger was just about to reach the Garys neck. A hand came out and Grabbed the blade stopping it inches away from Gary's neck.

It was my hand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44: A Riot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I don't know when it happened, I was watching at the sidelines like everybody else. I knew the fight was entering its final moments, so I decided to activate my dragon eyes skills.

I could see Monks energy flow, after the ten-minute mark his energy was getting smaller and smaller but when the sword broke and everyone thought it was over, his energy seemed to double in size as he was aiming to grab the pieces of the broken sword. A last-ditch effort to win the match.

That's when my body started to move on its own. Suddenly I was directly by Monk's and Gary's side, I reached out my hand and grabbed the wooden like dagger, inches away from Gary's neck.

All three of us were frozen in place for a moment, the crowd was silent. Just seconds ago they were cheering with excitement.

Monk removed his grip from the weapon and started to bow down in front of me and Gary.

"I'm so sorry, I don't know what came over me."

What Monk didn't know was I was thinking the exact same thing. I was originally going to let whatever happened in this fight happen. It would have been a lesson for them both in the future.

Monk quickly then used his skills to leave the field silently going through the crowd of people. Gary just stood there in silence, trying to comprehend what just happened.

The crowd of people started to speak amongst themselves.

"So who won the fight?"

"I'm not sure, that red hared kid came in when Gary was about to win."

"What are you on about? Monk was going to win."

The crowd then started to argue over who had won the fight. Some believed that Gary had won, while others supported Monk. In the end though, the anger and hatred in the crowd started to steer towards one person. The person who had stopped the fight.

"Why did that red-haired have to get involved?"

"Perhaps he didn't want to lose all his money?"

Kyle seeing that the crowd was starting to get riled up towards the match, stepped into the centre of the field.

"Hey guys, sorry to say but due to the involvement of a third party member, the match has been voided from official rankings. So don't worry you will all get your money back."

I don't know if Kyle was doing this on purpose or not. But his words just made the people steer their anger more towards me. It seemed like he was just out there to save himself.

As I was standing in the field, a bottle came towards me from the crowd. I moved my head slightly backwards avoiding the bottle. Once the first person threw an item at me, the rest started to join in throwing all sorts of different objects.

It was impossible to avoid all the objects. So instead I simply just let the objects hit me as I walked away from the training field. Walking out from the crowd of people, I made note of every single person who threw something at me. As I would plan my revenge on every single one of them.

****

Slyvia was standing at the sidelines of the field watching the fight just as carefully as everyone else. When she saw Monk grab the broken pieces of the wooden sword, she knew Gary was in trouble. Just as she was about to shout out the words stop. Ray had already appeared in front of them stopping Monk's weapon with his bare hands.

Slyvia was in disbelief at the sight. She could have sworn that Ray was just by her side a second ago. And before she could even react with words, Ray had already moved and stopped the weapon.

"Did you see when Ray got over there?" Slyvia asked.

"No, I was too focused on Monk and Gary, he must have been right next to them the whole time," Dan said.

A lot of the students thought the same as Dan, simply that Ray had been moving closer to them while everyone was too focused on the fight, ready to stop the fight at any moment. It was hard to believe that anyone would have been able to move that fast from the sidelines.

Slyvia could see that the crowd was starting to turn on Ray due to his intervention. They simply had not understood that Monk's last strike was lethal and Gary wouldn't have avoided it in time. There were only a few people that were watching the fight that understood what had happened.

Slyvia went and grabbed Kyle by the arm seeing things were starting to get out of control.

"Kyle you have to do something before there's a riot. This is your fault in the first place if you hadn't turned this match into a stupid betting war."

"I know, I'll go out there and explain everything."

Kyle at this moment thought the crowd at any second we're going to turn their attention towards him.

"Hey, guys, sorry to say but due to the involvement of a third party member the match has been voided from official rankings. So don't worry you will all get your money back."

With the crowd's anger now focusing on Ray, Kyle quickly went back to hide in the crowd.

Then out of nowhere, an object was thrown towards Ray. A few seconds later it seemed like everyone was chucking objects at Ray. Slyvia, Ian, Dan, and Martha we're doing the best to try to calm down the crowd of people but nobody was listening. They then started to block some of the objects hitting Ray getting hurt themselves in the process.

When Slyvia turned to look at Ray to see if he was okay she could see a look on his face that frightened her. Rays eyes seemed to have a yellow glow to them, as he carried on walking away from the crowd.

Ray hadn't noticed the involvement of his roommates, for he was focused on every person that had thrown something at him that day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45: A New era
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The situation was now awkward at the Black squire training sessions. Kyle had been avoiding me ever since the whole situation, and Monk and Gary, they still hadn't said a word to each other since that day.

What it did do for everyone though, was now they were a lot more focused. There was no longer the friendly chit chat between us all. No more talks after our special training sessions. We would turn up to Sir K lesson and then turn back to the dorm for the night.

Gary had kept his number one ranking spot but now seeing the advantages of what the black knight training could do he started putting more effort into the session. He even started to use the techniques in his ranking matches.

He also no longer played around with his opponents, now he would finish most of them in the first few strikes.

I had also learnt a lesson my self that day, it seemed like I was spending too much time interacting with the human race, it had made my heart grow softer over these years making me lose focus of my original goal. That day was a friendly reminder of what humans were like.

After our basic and special training sessions ended Wilfred Came to great the four of us inside the mansion.

"It's nice to see you all again, I'm afraid I don't have much time for chit chat today, as I'm here on behalf of the grand elders. Kyle, Ray would you please follow me."

"Don't you need us as well?" Gary asked.

"I'm afraid this matter only concerns them for now."

We followed Wilfred along to the centre of the academy were he lead us to one of the top rooms of the tower. The room was decorated with paintings and monuments of the dragon knights, in the centre of the room was a huge single meeting table. At the end of the table standing were the four master knights. Delbert, Bernardo, Sir K and Miss Rose who was head of the green knights.

"Please take a seat you two." Wilfred Gestured us towards the seats at the table.

I sat down with Kyle while we waited patiently to be instructed further. A few moments had passed and the door we had entered from opened again. Three students were entering the room, one of them was Ian, the other two were also boys who seemed to have been identical twins. There was not a single thing to tell them apart from each other.

When looking around the room it was hard to not notice that there was one thing we all had in common, and that was our red hair. The five of us had been gathered in the room for a specific reason and we all knew it.

Wilfred went to the head of the table, he had a serious look on his face. Which often meant it was an important matter.

"I won't bore you with the small details and cut to the chase, the five of you have been brought here due to a prophecy that was told fifteen years ago. The prophecy told by the divine being stated that our land would be saved by a child with red hair."

The other four started to look at each other in shock, I already had little knowledge about this from long ago but I was surprised that they decided to inform us about this.

I decided to ignore the matter and not let it concern me too much because I truly believed that they had made a mistake, for my hair was originally back and even now there were still strands of black hair

Wilfred continued, "So in the search for the boy in the prophecy, we sent knights to roam the lands, they came across ten children, all who were the same age."

Ten children? To my knowledge there were only five including me, even at the table, we sat at they were only five of us there.

"I see the confusion on your faces, you five do not wield any magical abilities, whereas the other five do. As you are stationed at Avrion academy, they are stationed at Roland academy."

"So one of us if going to save the world," Kyle said excitedly.

I could sense that Delbert's reaction and Rose's reaction changed upon hearing Kyle said this. Almost as of they we're angry. It seemed like Wilfred was hiding something from us, perhaps not telling us the whole prophecy.

Behind Wilfred, a magical illusion started to portray the five dragon knights.

"This is why I have called you here today, we wish to recreate the legacy of our founders, just as the dragon knights of the past had saved us from the shadow plague, now this task will fall to you."

Kyle was now stood out of his seat, unable to contain his excitement.

"You mean.."

"That is correct you five will be the new dragon knights of Avrion academy, but this means you will need to put in the extra effort. On top of your basic and special training, you will now receive extra training as the dragon knights."

Everyone was edited at the news they heard, after all, it was a great honour for the knights. I was also happy to play along for now as hopefully, it would also give me more information on the dragon knights abilities.

Wilfred explained to everyone where and when we would meet for training but as we're all leaving the room Wilfred called out to me and told me to wait in the room.

As Wilfred entered the room he said

"Ray there's someone here to see you."

Behind Wilfred was a woman who I recognised well, she still looked as holy as ever. The first person who had held me in their arms. It was my mother.

My mother had tears running down her face but I could sense that these were not tears of joy.

"What's wrong I said."

As she slowly lifted her head she managed to mumble a few words out to me.

"It's your father."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46: Final letter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As my mother stood there struggling to hold back her tears, Wilfred had left the room quicker than a bullet out of a barrel. I sat my mother down in a seat next to her, holding her hand trying to calm her down.

My mother was never like this usually, she was a strong woman who did everything by herself, she was never the type to get bullied by others and always stuck up for herself.

After the tears eventually stopped running down her face I managed to ask her.

"So what happened to dad, what's wrong?"

"Your father he's gone."

"What do you mean gone, is he... dead?"

I expected this outcome to happen. When the shadow plague infected someone, at most they wouldn't make it past a year, it was a miracle that he stayed alive for this long.

My other shook her head.

"Your father has been taken, he was taken by the shadow plaque." Tears started to roll down her face again.

I was shocked at what I heard. The shadow plague only took people if it was worth their effort. When a person is infected by the shadow plague one of two things happen to them. The first thing is the host goes mad and dies within the year.

The second thing is more instant, the shadow plague will try to host themselves inside the body, similar to the drop bear king that I saw a few years ago. Although this was a rare occurrence, it had a low chance of success so they would usually only do this if the host body was strong.

But my father's body hadn't been takin over instantly, so we all had assumed it would never happen.

My mother continued

"Your father has been fighting it inside his body the whole time, then one day he managed to take control for a small moment. He told me to tell the village to evacuate, that he could no longer fight against it. I helped the village evacuate but decided to stay by your fathers' side."

"Are you hurt?" I said panicking looking over her body to see if there were any visible wounds.

"No, I tried my best to come up with something to help him, but when he turned I realised there was nothing I could do without hurting him. HE told me.... he told me... to kill him, that it would be for the best... but I just couldn't Ray, how could I kill your father."

My mother started to break down in tiers again. Looking at her face I was angry. I was angry at the shadow plague for taking my father, I was angry at the humans for doing nothing about it but worst of all I was angry at my self.

Angry at myself because for the last fifteen years I had made close to no progress figuring out how to unlock my abilities. I had thought my father would be fine and one day when I had regained my dragon abilities I could use them to heal him, and now my heart feels as if it has been torn in two, for my mother has had to bear all the burden.

The two of us talked for a while before she left. I asked her what she would do now. She said that she was going to work at the adventure in a guild helping the people out. thankfully away from the frontlines.

But just before my mother left Avrion Academy she handed me a note. She said the note was from my father and he wrote it before he was infected by the shadow plaque. He originally wanted to give it to me once I had passed the entrance exam for Avrion academy, with the whole situation happening at the time my mother had completely forgotten about it until now.

I went to my room to read the contents of the letter.

"Dear Ray,

I knew you were talented and always could do it, after all, you have mine and your mother's genes inside you. Although you seemed to struggle a lot when you were younger I knew you were special from the moment I and your mother laid our eyes on you. After you came back from the forest carrying Gary on your back I went into the forest and saw the intermediate beast had been slain. For whatever reasons it seems you're hiding your true abilities but this is my message to you Ray, Don't ever let anyone bully you, not for your unique red hair or your interest or anything. I know you can become the number one knight of Avrion academy and I look forward to being there the graduate as number one."

I threw the letter into the bin and thought to myself.

"That stupid father of mine, how is he meant to see me become the best of Avrion academy now."

I went up to the roof of the building, it was the best place for me to gather my thoughts. It was a full moon tonight and the sound of the magical beast in the distance could be heard. The view seemed to calm my mind down. It seemed like the world was adding to my list of enemies.

****

Ian and Slyvia had just gotten back from their white sash training session when they entered the room everyone was there apart from Ray.

The group had a rota for room duties and today was Ian turn to take out the trash. When Ian went to take out the trash that day, he could see what looked like a letter to be in the bin. It was a strange thing for him to see because the squires were not allowed to receive letters from the outside. Ian wasn't trying to be nosy but couldn't help but read the first few lines.

"What you reading there big guy," Dan said.

Ian had just finished reading the contents of the letter and realised it was a very personal thing that no one should have seen.

"Umm nothing."

"Come on what are you hiding their big guy, perhaps a love confession."

Ian quickly put the letter behind his back.

Monk had silently crept up from behind Ian and snatched the letter from behind. Everyone had now gathered behind the letter and read it's contents.

"That's so sweet, but how did he get a letter from his parents I thought squires weren't allowed to receive them?" Slyvia asked.

Gary went back towards his bed.

"It's not as sweet as you guys think it is. Ray's father was infected by the shadow plaque. That letter must have been written from before the incident."

Everyone in the room had gone silent. No one there had experienced what Ray had gone through, but they had heard rumours and incidents of what it was like. They couldn't help but feel sorry for him. Some of them even thought that this was the reason why Ray was like he was. He never talked much to the group and liked to keep to himself.

Gary had known Ray the longest time but whenever the group would ask questions about Ray to him, it seemed as if Gary hardly knew him at all.

The group from then on decided that they would try to make more of an effort to interact with Ray, hoping that he would open up to them in the future.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: Top Ranker
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wilfred had learnt of the situation and said I could take a break from training for a couple of days. My roommates, although they didn't know of the situation, it seemed as if they could tell I was in a strange mood. I had tried my best to act as I usually did. They would now often greet me whenever they saw me and ask how I was doing. I had even found my bed made for me.

The next day we woke up Slyvia had asked me to come down with them to the dining hall for breakfast. Usually, I would skip breakfast and fast until lunchtime but she and the rest of the group became really insistent.

Heading down to the dining hall a few heads turned my way, it still had been a few days since the incident between Gary and Monk. Although we as a group were back to normal now, the other students seemed to still hold a grudge towards me.

I was sat down between Slyvia and Gary eating our food. They tried to make small talk with me now and then, I did my best to reply but it was difficult on my part. It wasn't that I didn't enjoy conversation but more that I didn't know what to say to them.

A student was passing by behind us with his food tray in hand. The student managed to slip and fall just behind me spilling the contents on his tray all over my head. My head had been covered with the slimy glop they served for breakfast.

"Oh sorry, It was an accident." The boy said to me with a smirk appearing on his face.

Sylvia stood up and started to shout at the student.

"That was clearly not an accident, what is wrong with you..."

Before Slyvia could finish her sentence, I turned around and grabbed the student by the head. I then slammed the students head into my food tray on the table. The force was so strong that the wooden planks had been indented. But I wasn't finished with him just yet. I then put my foot on his back grabbing his arm and pulled until a pop sound could be heard.

The room would have been filled with the boy's screams of pain if he hadn't passed out already. Everyone in the room now had their attention focused on me, but not a single person said a word.

Something inside me had snapped when I saw the boy smile. These filthy humans needed to be taught a lesson, my father was right, I shouldn't allow myself to be bullied anymore and this was my sure way of making that happen. I had given them enough chances.

I walked away from the dining hall, while no one said a word. While I was in my room I got called by Lancy to go see Wilfred. I was to meet him in the meeting room we had met in the other day.

When I entered the room only me and Wilfred where inside.

"Take a seat Ray, I heard what happened today at the dining hall."

I knew me being called here would be about this incident.

"I won't apologise for what I did."

"I wouldn't expect you too, luckily your roommates vouched for you and told me what had happened, but there were also many witnesses who were on the other student's side. It took a lot of convincing on my side with the other master knights of what we should do. Luckily for you, you're important to Avrion academy."

"Because I'm a dragon knight?"`

"Correct but I know how you're treated within the school, the other knights might turn a blind eye to the mistreatment of the red hairs but I don't. We also have disagreements within the upper ranks."

I knew what he meant, I had suffered from that mistreatment from one of them myself.

"I'm not saying these people don't deserve to be punished Ray, but perhaps next time do it through official means, if the student was to get hurt during a ranked match then there would be no need for us master knights to get involved," Wilfred said while giving me a wink.

A gave a smile back to Wilfred and we left the conversation at that. I needed to take his words seriously, after all, I didn't want to end up getting kicked out Avrion academy. There was a lot I still needed to learn and do.

As I was walking back to my dorm from the meeting room, in one of the hallways a blonde curly-haired boy approached me.

"You stop right there, My name is Eric Sunshield of the Sunshields, how dare you a filthy commoner lay a hand on one of my people. Especially a Redhead like you."

Although I would have loved to have taught this student a lesson, I had just gotten out of a meeting with Wilfred. I didn't want to cause a scene this quickly. I decided to ignore Eric and carried on walking.

Eric's face turned red with anger.

"How dare you ignore me, did your parents not teach you any manners. Your parents must be real pigs to have raised someone like you."

People were allowed to insult me but never my parents this person deserved everything coming to them. I lifted my right hand which had the student ranking communicator on it and sent a request for a ranking match.

"Ha, your rank is 280 and you think you can beat me, fine I accept your challenge. It's time I teach you what a real top ranker is like."

As soon as the match began I stood still letting Eric come forward to attack first. With every swing, Eric took I would simply just step to the side avoiding it. I was going to make Eric feel useless. Eric was relentless in his attacks, with every swing thy started getting wilder and wilder. Eventually, Eric had to stop to catch his breath.

"I guess it's my turn now."

In the next second, I was in front of Eric before he could even raise his sword. I smashed my fist directly down on top of his head. He had been completely knocked out.

The next day everyone was talking about how their ranks had gone down by one. I looked at my school communicator on my wrist and it said rank nine.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48: Family
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I didn't realise how much of an effect my fight with Eric had caused. Eric was originally ranked 9th out of the first years while I had a low ranking of 280.

Usually, after basic training, we were forced to duel the person one rank above us. So a win or a loss would just end up in a swap between positions. When I had beaten Eric I had received the number nine position and he had dropped down to ten. This meant that everyone below the rank of nine had dropped down one position.

Usually, within the top ten rankings, the position would just often swap, or they would slowly rise through the ranks as Monk did. The fact that this, all of sudden happened and no one knew of a duel taking place, it was a shock to everyone.

Thankfully the ranking positions weren't publicly displayed and only recorded in our communicator. So no one had a clue that I was the one currently ranked 9th. But it didn't stop the students from talking about it. Many people had asked Eric who had defeated him but for some reason, he didn't share the information. Perhaps he was too embarrassed to tell everyone that it was me.

I was still on my hiatus from training so I used most of my time to head to the library. I tried my best to study up on any information I could find about the dragon knights and the divine being but had no real success.

When walking back to the dormitory I was surprised to see Gary and Kyle helping carry someone back to our room. The person had each of their arms wrapped around their heads. The body was covered in bandages so it was hard for me to recognize who it was.

When they entered the room, they quickly put the person they were carrying down on the bed. I had just then recognized them. The person in bandages was Monk. He looked like he had been beaten badly and even had a few of his limbs broken.

I rushed over towards the three of them.

"What happened?" I asked.

Monk wasn't even able to reply, he seemed to be unconscious at this moment.

"It was Sebastion, he did this! it happened after our training he came over and challenged Monk to a duel." Kyle said.

"Why would he do this?" I asked.

It was nearly impossible for someone to be hurt this bad in the ranking matches. The system would usually declare the other person the winner before it got this far. The only way for something like this to happen was if the other person carried on attacking after a winner was declared.

Gary was sat down on the bed next to Monk, his face was angrier than ever.

"It's all my fault, Sebastion is currently ranked 2nd on the rankings. So far he hasn't been able to beat me once during sparing. After he saw the fight with Monk and me he wanted to challenge Monk. Monk agreed but Sebastion... he just let monk tire out, after he had already beaten him he wouldn't stop attacking him. I tried to stop him with Kyle but he had his whole gang of people backing him. By the time we reached Monk he was in the state he is in now."

Monk's eyes started to open, they were so swollen all that could be seen was a small slit.

"Is that you Ray?" Monk said trying to smile.

"How are you doing? I'm sorry but I don't think I can make your bed for you today."

"That was you, but why?"

I was shocked for some reason every day when I got back my bed had been made for me the last few days, I had no clue why or who had done this and even in the situation he was in now, Monk was thinking about me.

"What do you mean, us black sashes have to help each other out, after all, were family arent we?"

Family, a word I wasn't used to much when I was a dragon and lately I had been losing a lot of my so-called human family.

Monk then turned towards Gary.

"I'm sorry Gary about our fight, I knew you weren't taking me seriously. I wanted to prove to you that I could do something, I didn't mean to take it that far."

Gary held monks hand.

"It's okay monk I know, Just get some rest, we asked Wilfred to get you a mage so you can heal quicker."

Monk had closed his eyes and fallen back to sleep.

"We have to do something about that guy, teach him a lesson, kick his ass for us, Gary," Kyle said.

"I wish I could but I can't."

Gary was clenching his fist hard.

"Why?"

Just then, another voice was heard from the corner of the room.

"Because Sebastion is part of the Delbert family."

I turned my head to see who was speaking and it was Slyvia.

Kyles's eyes had opened wide form what he had just heard.

"You mean, the Delbert family."

"Who cares about that, look what they did to Monk," I shouted, I don't know why but I was getting angry.

Slyvia started to walk over towards us.

"I don't think you understand Ray, there's a reason why he can get away with things like this. His father is the master Knight Delbert."

The fact that I had just learnt this just gave me even more reason to beat Sebastion. I never liked Delbert in the first place and it seemed he had something against me. If I could humiliate his family in the process then it would be killing two birds with one stone.

"Ray I know what you're thinking but don't do it, you could get kicked out of the school," Gary said.

"Don't worry, as long as it's through an official ranking match then I can't get in trouble, right?"

When I went to exit the room Slyvia had grabbed me by the sleeve to stop me.

"Where are you going."

"I'm going to do the same to Sebastion as he did to Monk, no one messes with my family."

Slyvia seemed to have instinctively let go of my sleeve. It seemed as if she was almost frightened of me. But I didn't care about that now, I just had one thing focused on my mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49: A Bet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I started to roam the halls of the dormitory asking the other students where Sebastion was staying at. Thankfully Sebastion was quite the unpopular person around here, similar to me, so it wasn't long until someone gave me directions.

While walking towards Sebastian's room I had to think about how I would get him to agree to the rank match. People didn't know my current rank that I had obtained, so I was unknown to them for my fighting skills. There was no gain for Sebastion to fight a low rank like me.

At the same time, I didn't want to tell him that I was the one who had obtained the 9th rank in fear that it would scare him off. I thought hard for a while and came up with something that would be hard for him to reject.

I was told that Sebastion had come from Silvertown, meaning he would be in that section of the building. When I had just approached the outside of the building I was surprised to see a group of five people waiting.

A tall good looking man with silver hair came forward from the group.

"I heard that someone was looking for me, I assume it's you?"

Sebastian was a tall person for his age. As he was stood in front of me he was at least two heads taller than me. but I wasn't afraid, I had faced beast that were bigger and more intimidating than him right now.

"How did you know?" I asked.

"Information travels fast, I heard someone was looking for me, as soon as I saw that black sash on you I could guess straight away why you came here. You want to get a little revenge for your friend, don't you?"

It took all my strength to hold back the anger inside me, If I could, I would slice off his head right here and now, but with the power I had it would be impossible to escape from Avrion Academy."

"Let's have a ranked match, me and you."

Sebastion started to laugh.

"And what would I have to gain from doing that, I already beat the best of you black sashes had to offer, and Gary, let's just say he's special, but you? you're nothing but a curse who ruins everything they touch, even your so-called friends."

"If you win, you can have these."

I opened my hand to reveal two intermediate beast Crystals.

"How did someone like you get that?"

Intermediate crystals had high value for new students at avrion academy. Students weren't allowed to use their gear in training but once basic training was complete, we would be able to hunt outside.

Having a couple of intermediate crystals instead of the basic tier crystals would allow you to make higher class equipment, giving you a big head start.

"My father was an adventure, he gifted them to me before leaving but I haven't had the money to find a smithy to turn these into anything yet. If you beat me you can have both of them."

I had thought about how to intice him and came up with this. My only hope was that Sebastion would be arrogant enough to think there was no possible way he could lose.

"Deal, but I want the match to be in front of everyone at the training grounds. After all, I don't want anyone thinking I forced myself to take these from you."

"Fine by me."

We walked our separate ways and I started to head back towards my room for tomorrow. On the way back to my dorm I ran into Kyle.

"Ray, I just heard you're going to fight with Sebastion are you Crazy! He'll kill you, you didn't see what he did to Monk."

As usual, word travelled fast around here.

"Kyle, just trust me, I need you to do me a favour, can you start that betting ring you did like with the last fight?"

"Yeah sure I can, but even if you are planning to bet against yourself to make a load of money I don't think it's the right way."

I looked towards Kyle with both of my hands on his shoulders not saying another word. Kyle eventually gave in.

"Fine, fine, I can't stop you anyway, just do me a favour and get in at least one hit."

We both went our separate ways and prepared for tomorrow.

*****

The next day the students were out and about training outside but just like previously everyone was focused on one thing only. A battle between the number two student and a black sash student.

This was how the fight had been advertised. A lot of people were interested in black sash students after the performance Monk gave. They were interested in seeing how well they could do against Sebastion. Still, the odds were high in Sebastion favour which was expected.

The fight was soon to start with the two contestants now stood opposite each other. A crowd quickly formed with Ray and Sebastion in the middle.

Earlier in the day, Kyle had gone around collecting money as instructed by Ray. Most people had betted on Sebastion to win apart from two people. They were Gary and Eric. The only two people to have ever fought with Ray seriously.

Rays roommates were stood by the side watching nervously. Dan was the first to speak.

"So how long do you think Ray will last?"

"I just hope he doesn't get hurt," Ian said.

Gary and Slyvia were the only ones who had a different opinion.

"I think this fight won't go how we expect it to," Slyvia said.

"Oh, how love is blind," Dan said.

"If you can't see how strong Ray is, then maybe your the blind one."

Dan wanted to reply but the fight was soon to start so everyone attention was now focused on the people in front of them.

As the fight was about to start the contestants sent each other an invite on their communicator. Sebastion pupils shrunk at what he had seen.

"No wonder you were so confident, so you were the one who beat Eric!" Sebastion shouted.

Everyone around was shocked at what they had heard. Especially the students who had fought Ray previously. They knew that his rank before wherein the 250+ mark.

This new information had just made the fight, get a lot more interesting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: Please Stop
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As I sent the duel request to Sebastion, I couldn't help but smile to myself. Now that he was here in front of everyone he had nowhere to run. There was no chance that he would turn down the fight now in front of everyone.

"You think you can beat me, just because you beat Eric? There's a big difference between rank nine and rank two and I'm going to show you that now."

I just stood there in silence.

One of Sebastion friends was signalling for the fight to start. The man counted 3...2.. but before he had reached one Sebastion was already moving towards me.

He was playing dirty right from the start but it didn't matter to me. Sebastion launched directly forward with his strike. Most of the students wouldn't have been able to avoid a strike this fast. I simply spun my body avoiding the hit. As I spun I also made my own attack, the tip of my wooden sword just grazed Sebastion's cheek leaving a cut.

I quickly jumped backwords after the strike.

"Lucky hit, but too shallow you will never win like that."

Sebastion came forward again this time putting more effort into his strike but it was just a repeat of what had happened last time. Again I scratched Sebastion face with the tip of my wooden sword.

"You'll never win with weak attacks like this."

Sebastion started swinging, attacking me furiously. Each strike I would avoid at the last second and strike back, making sure I only used the tip of my weapon.

To the students outside it must have looked like I was being overwhelmed, all I could do was a dodge and swing my weapon back at him hoping it would hit him.

"He's done well to doge all the hits so far, but he's going to get caught sooner or later, why doesn't he try a stronger attack," Kyle said.

"I think you're seeing this all wrong," Slyvia said.

"What do you mean?"

"Take a look."

The fight had been going on for ten minutes now with only Sebastion attacking. Suddenly, Sebastian stopped as blood was dripping from his eyebrow into his eye.

As Sebastian stood there the students were shocked at what they were seeing. Sebastion's face and clothes were covered in blood. The scratches had built up all over his face and body. It had looked like he had been mauled by a tiger.

This was my plan from the start, if I defeated him with too much power and too quickly the rank system would have just declared me the winner. That was too light of a punishment. I needed him to feel pain like Monk did but I couldn't do the same here in front of everyone. I wasn't able to just attack him after the match had finished.

With these light scratches, they would sting with pain. The ranking system was designed to simulate a real-life battle. If I was to inflict a wound that would have been fatal with the wooden sword then it would declare me the winner.

"It's my turn now," I said.

I started to walk over to Sebastion slowly, Sebastion was worn out from the blood loss and constant attacking. He knew all he could do was defend. I swung my sword form below towards his face. Sebastion lifted his sword up to block the attack.

Sebastion face showed relief as he thought my attack was blocked. Right in front of his eyes though, it looked like my blade had disappeared and had phased threw his sword. The attack hit his lip splitting it in the middle. Sebastion now looked like he had two mouths.

"You blusted, jwst wit unwil my dad hes abut this."

His lips had been torn apart making it hard to understand what he had just said. But knowing his personality, he was trying to threaten me with his father's name.

******

"That's impossible how did he learn that," Monk said.

Monk had woken up in his room and heard of the fight happening on the field. He was worried for Ray and wanted to stop him. but by the time Monk had reached the field the fight had already started.

Monk was shocked at the skill he had just seen being used and so were the other black sash knights. It was a skill that they hadn't been taught but only shown. On one of their very first lessons, Sir K had shown them a few skills that a black knight would eventually learn.

One of those skills, was Phantom strike. The attack that Ray had just used on Sebastion. Sir K had only demonstrated it once but here Ray was using it.

"He's only gotten stronger in this short amount of time," Gary said.

Gary was confused about what to feel, he didn't know whether to be happy for Ray or Upset that his Rival was just getting further and further ahead of him.

Everyone in the crowd could now see who the winner of the fight was going to be, But ray wouldn't stop attacking. He kept attacking only hitting Sebastion with the tip of his sword.

Sebastion couldn't take much more punishment, He wanted to give up. but every time he was about to say those words, as if Ray could read his mind Ray would strike at his mouth.

The students only thought one thing while watching this massacre. Ray was a monster in human skin.

******

More, more I thought to myself he needed to suffer more. With every attack images would pop into my head of the past. As I looked at Sebastion bloody face I felt no sympathy. He deserved this, he and Monk were students in the same school, they both fought for the same reason, they were even the same race. So why, why was there any need to hurt someone and go that far.

As I continued to attack I heard someone shout from the crowd a voice that I could recognise.

"That's enough Ray... please...stop" Monk said crying.

I saw monks sad face but I didn't understand. Why was he shedding tears, was this not what he wanted, revenge? Who cared what happened to this waste of space in the first place.

As I stopped my attack to look at Monk. Sebastion could finally speak.

"I giveve uppp plelsw noooo more no moRe!"

The fight had ended and the ranking positions were updated. My communicator now displayed the number two.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: Youre not a monster
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sebastian could no longer stand. blood dripping from every part of his body, his face was an unrecognisable mess, split lips, torn ear and his once white sash now turned red.

With the fight now over. Ray had quickly fled the scene. Using his black night skills it was easy for him to disappear into the crowd and not be followed.

Ray's roommates were still in shock at the sight they had just seen. Even Slyvia and Ian who had their doubts about Ray being week were surprised. They knew he was strong but he was on a different level. It was as if a master knight was schooling a student.

"Wow, the black knight skills are too OP, how are we meant to stop an attack like that," Dan said.

Monk was replaying the scene in his head of when Ray had used the Phantom strike.

"No, none of us can do what he just did."

"Has he been hiding his strength form us this whole time?" Kyle asked.

"Wait, does this mean now Ray and Gary are going to fight for number the number one spot!" Dan shouted.

The people around them had overheard Dan they started to move closer towards the group hoping to catch some gossip.

Gary tried to wave off the people around him and said.

"He's already beaten me before, there is no need for a second fight, I know I have no chance.

Gary's words had shocked the people around him, they wondered when did the two of them fight, it had had to be before they had been given their ranking communicator.

But Gary's words were more like a confirmation to them, they had seen how easily Ray had defeated Sebastion. Although no one would say Gary was weaker then Sebastion, he would have never been able to bully Sebastion the same way Ray had done.

News had travelled quickly around the school. On one of the top floors in the central building of Avrion academy, the master knights had gathered for a meeting.

"He should be given the death punishment," Delbert shouted while slamming his fist on the table.

"You're letting blood ties drive your emotion, you must think like a knight and not a father. The boy broke no rules." Sir K said.

"Did you see the state of my son, his face will be messed for weeks, no normal child could torture someone this bad, he's as evil as Sen himself."

Rose backed up Delbert.

"I agree, he could become the destroyer of the kingdom just as the prophecy foretold."

"May I remind you the prophecy had also stated that a red-haired boy would be our saviour, trying to kill or expel them might be the doom for us all.

We shall cast a vote, those in favour of expelling the boy raise their hand." Wilfred suggested.

Delbert and Rose had raised their hand while Bernardo and Sir K head left their hand down.

"I guess I have the deciding vote, the boy shall remain at Avrion academy, there shall be no punishment on the boy."

Delbert slammed the table in response but said nothing. He knew there was nothing he could do to get the decision overturned, even he respected the rules of Avrion Academy. A sudden thought had come to Delbert's mind if he could not do anything to harm the boy, then perhaps someone else could.

*****

Tonight had been a tiring day. When I had got back to my room Ian and Dan couldn't help but ask me all sorts of question. Where you always this strong? how did you do that Phantom strike? I just told them that I never liked to be in the limelight and preferred to stay low. The phantom strike was a black sash secret so I couldn't tell them anyway.

Monk had come up to me and thanked me but I was still unsure over what. Was it the fact that I had gotten revenge for him, or that I stopped attacking Sebastion when he asked to me? The whole situation had me confused.

I went up to the roof of the building as usual. It was my relaxing spot, my time on my own. I was looking at the night sky when I heard the door shut from behind me. When I turned around I was surprised to see Slyvia.

"I thought you would be up here." She said.

"I can think better up here."

Slyvia came over and leaned over the edge next to me looking at the view. I never found humans beautiful but with her silver hair flowing in the wind, she looked special compared to the rest of the girls.

"You're thinking about Monk, right? why he asked you to stop?"

"How did you know?"

"Ray, you're strange you know that? You've never been good at talking to people, its as if you don't understand human emotions. You don't understand why we get sad or happy. When I look at you I see a very angry person, whos confused. When I see you I want to help you."

I looked Slyvia in the eye.

"Are you scared of me Slyvia?"

It took a moment for her to answer.

"Sometimes, but I don't think you're a bad person."

I then activated my dragon eyes skill. Slyvia jumped back in response.

"You're eyes there...."

When I activated my dragon eyes skills during the day they looked normal but at night my eyes would change to a bright yellow. I knew to show a human this, they would react this way, scared, frightened. People hated those that were different from them.

Slyvia stepped closer towards me.

"There beautiful Ray, they suit you well."

She then began to walk off towards the exit of the roof, just as she opened the door she said one last word.

"You're not a monster Ray."

Humans are difficult to understand. When I thought I was starting to understand them there have been cases where they have not met my expectations. Gary had saved me when I was younger, Monk had seen me as family and Slyvia wasn't frightened of me.

As I let my thoughts run through my mind, I heard the door open again. I turned around expecting to see Slyvia come back for some reason.

Instead, a tall silver-haired man I had never seen before was standing there walking towards me.

"You are Ray correct, I'm here to teach you a lesson."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: Teaching a lesson
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Who was this man standing in front of me? all though I was sure I had never met him before, at the same time he seemed familiar to me.

The man started to bow.

"Perhaps I should introduce my self first? My name is Harry Delbert 1st and oldest son of the Delbert family and the person you defeated today was my younger brother."

The similarities to his brother and father were quite present now that I knew they were siblings.

"So you're here for revenge?" I asked.

"Revenge, no. Not for a petty reason like that, in fact, if anything I'm here to thank you. My brother was arrogant, he never took his training seriously since he was the top of the class. He needed to be put in his place sooner or later."

"Then why are you here?" Although his words sounded like he didn't want a fight, I could feel the pressure and aura coming off from him, and that said something else entirely different.

Harry drew out his training sword, in response, I drew out mine ready for him to attack.

"As I said, I'm here to teach you a lesson, the 1st year students this year were the weakest students we've ever had, I can't let you get ahead of yourselves now can I. At the same time, I might as well get a bit of revenge for my family name."

I then noticed on Harry's blue sash he had a single gold ribbon attached. The ribbon was there to differentiate between the different years in the school. No ribbon meant the first year and one ribbon was the second year and so on.

The ranking matches were separated into years and you weren't allowed to challenge the years above. It meant if we were to fight this would be off the books.

"Come on, show me what you got." he gestured his hand telling me to come at him.

I wasn't usually the one to initiate the attack first but I wanted to get this over and done with. I went forward and put my full strength into my first attack swinging from above. Harry put up his sword to block but I wasn't worried.

When testing out my strength using the training equipment I knew the force I was using now would allow me to break straight threw his weapon and hit him.

When my sword met clashed with his, both swords came to a standstill midair. I was surprised, but what surprised me more was it felt like my weapon was going to break not his.

I quickly pulled my weapon back then jumped to make space between the two of us.

"Oh, I'm surprised you made the right decision. I guess this is the first time you've fought a Ki user?"

Ki? that must have been the force I felt in his sword. Ki was something I had yet to learn and hadn't been taught by the academy yet. Regardless, if I couldn't use my power to beat him I would use my skills instead.

I started to use the black sash footwork, allowing me to move in unpredictable patterns towards my opponent. Swordsmanship was a lot about guessing what your opponent was going to do and reacting to it. The black sash skills we had learnt taught us to become unpredictable.

Left, right, above, behind, below. Damn! it wasn't working. Every place I would attack it would be met with his sword in return. It was strange how he was able to tell where I was attacking from. It didn't seem like he could follow my footwork but he still could tell where and when I was going to attack.

I stopped attacking, all I was doing was wasting my energy at this point, clearly what I was doing wasn't working.

"Is that all you've got?"

I hadn't felt this way in a long time, it took me back to when I use to train with my father. I didn't want to admit it but Harry was stronger than me. Even if I used my beast form I could tell it wouldn't make much of a difference. There was still one thing I had left that I wanted to try though.

I relaxed my grip on the sword's hilt. Then lept towards him again similar to when I went to strike Sebastion, I swung the sword form below. Harry went to block it but this was what I wanted.

When the two swords were about to meet, it looked as if my weapon had vanished and then reappeared, phasing through his. It had worked but just when I thought it was a success. Harry managed to move backwards in time avoiding the strike. My Phantom Strike didn't work.

Harry now had sweat running down his face.

"Phew, that was a close one. you actually managed to make me move."

When he said those words if finally made me realise how big the gap was between me and him. During this whole fight so far, with only me attacking I hadn't made him take a single step until now.

"I'm guessing that was everything."

Harry then changed the grip on his sword and lifted it above his right shoulder as if it was a spear. He threw it towards me, the sword was flying threw the air at great speed, it was too fast to dodge. The sword was coming at my stomach. I lifted it in time to protect myself, but it was no use. The sword carried on going snapping my sword in two, the momentum carried on into my stomach.

Blood started to appear from my mouth. His sword had fallen to the floor. I wanted to move but I couldn't, the strike was too powerful. Eventually, my legs gave in as I fell to the floor.

Harry went to pick his sword off the ground and started to walk away.

"Wait!" I shouted.

"Just tell me one thing, you're rank 1 right?"

As Harry continued to walk away he lifted his arm, his communicator displayed the number, 50.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53: Old man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Almost a year had passed since I had entered Avrion Academy. This meant it was time for our basic knight training to come to an end and we would move onto becoming second years at the academy. We would still require to progress with our sash training and I still would have to continue with the dragon knight training.

The dragon knight training was not what I had expected. They had brought in a teacher from Roland academy to try to teach us magic. After with no success, they tried pushing us to our physical limits expecting something to happen. Every day we would try something different, rather than training it seemed we were more like test subjects. Whatever was happening they didn't seem to be happy with the result we were providing them.

With the year ending, the final season of winter had come. The snow deepened and massive icicles appeared on buildings. Not all students had made it to the end. Some had found it too hard to keep up with the demand for training due to their own laziness or inability. While others had broken the rules of Avrion academy forcing them to be expelled.

I received most of my information about Avrion academy from one person, Kyle. It felt like Kyle had now become our eighth roommate, spending more time in our room with everyone then he did in his own. He was still his usual self keeping up with all the gossip that went on around the city.

Rumours were spreading between the students that the Dark guild had infiltrated Avrion academy. That some knights were working undercover for them. Some claimed that the knights were being lost on the battlefield in great number as well, that the shadow plague was starting to creep past the borders.

Of course, this information wasn't given to the students and was only learnt through rumour, making it hard to confirm if true or not. What we did know though, was more meetings were called between the master knights, also it seemed as if the knights in the city had lessened.

I had grown a bit bigger and muscular and would say my sword skills were now decent. I was even now a match for Gary when just comparing our sword skills, but it seemed like I had hit a wall. If I fought with Harry now I knew I would have no chance of winning.

This left me with ultimately three different options for improving my strength. To learn how to use and utilise Ki in my body and sword, to unlock more of my dragon skills or to gather more beast crystals.

The first option would require me to find a teacher or wait till the academy taught me, The second option I still had no clue how to unlock my dragon skills. So that left me with the last option which was the easiest. This opportunity would come soon as second years were made to hunt in the lands near the kingdom.

After training had finished it became routine for me to relax on my own on the roof at night. The others would continue to talk about what was happening in Avrion city and got used to my absence.

As I was looking down at the city, something strange had caught my eye. Down below was an old man walking on his own through the night. Retired knights were allowed to stay in the city so that wasn't a strange sight. The city was safe due to the fact that only knights were allowed to live here. Making crime very rare.

What had caught my eye though was what was behind the man. A group of 4 people seemed to be following him. I had watched them for a while now to confirm my suspicion. I guess the city wasn't as safe as I thought it was. Humans were still humans after all, they did cruel things to each other for no reason.

I wasn't going to get involved since it was none of my business, but something kept bugging me. I decided to activate my dragon eyes skill to see what was up.

I hated it when my instincts were right, each of the four people who had been following the man had mixed auras. The colours shining off their body was a yellow mixed in with a purple. There were two times I had seen a purple aura before, the first being my father and the second being the drop bear King. This could only mean one thing, it was the shadow plague.

After what had happened with my father, they had become an enemy of mine. It was time I asked them a few questions of my own.

I quickly climbed down from the roof of the building making use of the ledges and cracks in the walls. I decided to stay up high on top of the houses as I went through the city. It allowed me to position myself better and get a clearer view. I quickly went over to where I had seen the old man.

I had finally caught up with the old man, the group of people wear still following him from a distance away. It was as if they were waiting for the right moment to attack.

The old man then did something unexpected, he had decided to walk down an alley in between two houses, where no people were present. it was as if the old man had a death wish. It was obvious that the group would use this moment to attack him.

As the old man entered the alleyway I too followed along on the roof. As I had expected, when the man had reached a decent distance into the alleyway, two people had blocked his path forcing him to turn. The man turned around and now two more stood to block him from retreating. He was trapped.

"I'm afraid you'll be coming with us old man."

The old man looked around at the people surrounding him.

"I guess the rumours about the Dark guild infiltrating Avrion were true after all."

For a second I thought I had misheard the old man, the Dark guild? I was confused. These people were clearly infected by the shadow plague. Was the Dark guild somehow related to the shadow plague or had the old man simply mistaken them for the Dark guild?

One of the men started to laugh.

"You guys are so clueless, the dark guild will soon take over Avrion and none of you will be able to stop it."

"One against four, it will be tough, but I won't just give up without a fight."

The old man sounded confident, but the aura coming off the four people were strong, at most he would be able to take down two and the old man didn't seem to be holding any weapons.

Although I wasn't confident in taking them down myself, I was confident in my black sash skills to escape if I was in trouble. The main thing I needed to do was hide my identity from them, in case they lived to see another day. I quickly took off my black sash and cut it in half, making it into one long strip similar to a scarf.

I wrapped the sash around my face covering my mouth and nose. I was wearing my black sash gear which included a hood so my hair was well covered.

I jumped from the roof of the building landing next to the old man.

"Why don't we try two against four?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54: A New Skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With my back against the old man, we each had two opponents in front of us. The situation we were in was bad. The old man had no weapons and all I held in my hand was the wooden training sword.

While the enemies in front of us had real physical weapons.

The old man glanced at my weapon.

"Judging by the sword you're wielding you're a student of Avrion academy, I'm sorry for getting you into this mess. Just delay them as long as you can and I can deal with the rest."

With that, the old man quickly went towards his two opponents. I didn't have time to see how he was faring against them, for the two dark guild members in front of me started to move.

Luckily there was one thing in my favour. It was night time and the alley had a lot of shadows. It was the most ideal scenario for me to use the black sash skills that I had learnt.

Using the shadows and my footwork I moved out of sight form the two in front of me. I then appeared behind one of the men ready to strike at his neck but before my blade could reach, I sensed a presence from my left. I moved back quickly, avoiding the strike.

If I was a few seconds slower, my head would be rolling on the floor right now. This was going to be a lot harder than I had originally thought. On their own perhaps I would have a chance, but with two of them.

The two men quickly came at me, I couldn't use my weapon to block their sword, it would just slice my wooden stick in half. What I needed now was speed and to be unpredictable.

I stuck the wooden sword in my mouth and went on all fours to use my beast form. Using the walls of the alleyway allowed me to jump from side to side. Using the strength of my fingers I was able to dig into the wall and hang onto them.

I pounced towards the two of them trying to strike with the blade in my mouth moving from one side to the next.

I managed to hit one of them right in the stomach but as I tried to move forward the sword wouldn't budge. It felt as if I was pushing against a boulder. I used all my strength to carry on moving forward, then the wooden sword broke into several pieces.

I didn't have time to wonder what had happened, I jumped up to the wall in front of me, and hung down to take a look at the man. The man stood there absolutely fine as if nothing had happened.

"Looks like the boy doesn't know how to use Ki." The man said to the other.

"We were afraid for no reason, he will never be able to hurt us."

The situation was grim, I had no weapon and it seemed like my attacks where useless.

One of the men jumped towards me with his blade. I jumped off to avoid the strike heading towards the ground.

When I landed, the other man came at me with a piercing strike. There was no chance for me to beat these two now. I had no choice but to run away.

When I was just about to disappear into the shadows I heard the old man's voice.

"Grab his arm and pull him towards you," he shouted.

If I could hear the man then perhaps he had won his fight. It gave me new hope that we could defeat the remaining two.

So as instructed I grabbed the mans hand and pulled him off balance towards me.

"Now barge into him and use your hip to throw him behind you."

I executed his instruction flawlessly with no hesitation. The man was flung into the air over my shoulder. The next thing I could see was the old man had jumped up as well. The old man quickly threw out his fist hitting the man in the stomach sending him flying against the wall. The man wasn't moving and small crater had formed behind him.

To be able to deal with the three of them with no weapons, the man must have been using Ki in his strikes. The fact that his punch was so powerfull only confirmed my thoughts.

When I went to turn around to check on the other attacker he had already disappeared. Then I heard a notification sound go off.

Now of all times? I still hadn't figure out how to unlock my skills and the messages appearing now just confused me even more.

With the commotion we had caused, the knights had quickly come to the scene and escorted the three unconscious men out of there. When the knights saw the old man they all bowed down to him and showed him great respect.

It was strange for the knights to act this way. I didn't even know who the guy was.

The old man then came towards me.

"Thank you for your help, you're quite the talented student. " The old man said.

"Why were they after you?" I asked.

My original plan was to capture one of the members and get my answers from them. Now with them in the hands of the knights, that was near impossible and the fourth member was long gone by now.

"Judging by the fact you don't know how to use Ki, I would assume you are a first-year? When you become a second year, join the martial arts club, I promise to reward you then." After the old man finished speaking he simply just walked off.

I fled the scene not wanting to be integrated or questioned by the knights. Luckily I had hidden my appearance meaning them or the dark guild members had no idea who I was.

When I got back to my room, I collapsed on my bed out of exhaustion. the others could see how tired I was and were respectful enough not to ask why.

I had trouble getting to sleep that night for I had a thought weighing on my mind. How did I unlock another skill?

So far I had only unlocked two skills. The first time was when I had defeated the intermediate wolf in the black forest. I originally thought it had something to do with defeating magical beasts, but when defeating the intermediate fang boar nothing happened.

Also, this event had nothing to do with magical beasts. The message I got was . Was it to do with defeating the black guild member? but that couldn't be the answer either because the old man was the one who finished him off.

I needed to find out what was the link between these two events. If I learnt this, I could get all my powers back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55: Second year
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today was going to be our first day as 2nd-year students. There was no big ceremony or special event. We were trained knights who just went from one routine to the next.

The students were told to gather in the dining hall. Training lessons were to be cancelled for the day while we were told what our new schedule was.

As I was walking through the hallway making my way to the dining hall. I looked at my skill window.

Mana drain was the skill that I had unlocked after the events of yesterdays scuffle. Of all the skills I had, why did this skill have to be unlocked?

Mana drain was a skill that allowed me to steal the mana pool from humans or magical beats and add it to my own. The good thing about it was it was a permanent effect.

When I was a dragon Mana drain would work within a radius of a 100 meters. Allowing me to steal the mana from the surrounding area and adding it to my own. Of course, powerfull creatures or humans would be able to block this skill.

The problem was the skill had changed slightly now to how I remembered. The skill now stated that I had to touch the object to drain its mana. No opponent would allow me to just hold them and drain their mana, so it wasn't useful in a fight.

The other problem was when checking out my status window my mana pool was 0. I had no mana, this was probably the reason why I couldn't become a mage. Although absorbing magical beast mana might now increase my mana pool it was rare to find a beast with magical abilities.

Only high tier beasts had the ability to use magical abilities and I wasn't confident in my abilities to defeat one at the moment.

Even if I did increase my mana pool, I currently contained no skills that used mana. Therefore the skill I had gained at the moment was pretty much useless.

I had finally made it to the dining hall and as usual, the five master knights were stood on stage to great us all. I sat at my table with my roommates choosing a seat next to Gary.

Gary had dark bags under his eyes. For the last few days, he hadn't been sleeping great and seemed to be talking in his sleep. I shared one of the bunk beds with him. I had the bottom bed while he had the top bunk. The sleep talk was beginning to bug me, I was a light sleeper so I woke up easily.

Before we could get comfy Wilfred started his speech.

"Welcome everyone, I congratulate each and every one of you for lasting one year at Avrion academy. Unfortunately for you guys, the second year is where the training really begins."

Behind Wilfred, a holographic screen appeared with a list.

"Behind me here is the list of clubs you may join. You need to think about your choice wisely for this will now be your main focus and replace your basic training."

Looking at the list I saw many things that interested me, duel swordsmanship club, sword and shield club, mace club, spear club, there was a club for every type of weapon you could use. The master knights had advised us to take something different from our special sash training.

An example was if someone had a green sash there was no need for them to join the archery club, it would be more beneficial for them to learn another skill.

When looking down the list something had caught my eye "Martial arts club." The old man had told me to join the martial arts club once I had become a 2nd-year student. The skills he displayed were interesting and the advice he gave helped greatly when facing the dark guild members.

There were no other clubs that had interested me so I decided to sign up. Using our communicator on our wrist we were to select a club we wanted to join.

"What class are you all thinking of joining?" Monk asked.

Slyvia was the first to reply.

"I'm thinking of joining the medical club, you never know when someone might need immediate attention on the battlefield."

"Definitely the spear club for me, I'm so sick of holding a sword. What about you big guy?" Dan said.

Ian looked nervous.

"There's too many to chose from, I can't decide."

Martha had already chosen what she wanted to do without even looking at the other options.

"Archery for me, that's all I know and all I've ever done. I know they advised against it but I can't imagine using anything else."

Gary's eyes were focused on the swordsmanship club.

"Well, I'm definitely going for swordsmanship classes, Ray?"

It was a good choice for Gary, he hadn't had much focus on swordsmanship since becoming a black sash.

"I'm thinking about the martial arts club"

When I said these words most of them started to laugh.

"You can't be serious no one goes to the martial arts club."

Dan said.

"Why? I think its quite interesting."

Slyvia started to explain.

"When humans first learnt the use of Ki we were only able to use it in our bodies. Martial arts became the norm for adventures and knights to learn as it was our best chance of fighting magical beasts. As time went on we learnt to infuse our Ki into objects and weapons. Making us stronger than ever before."

"But why would they stop using martial arts."

"If a sword went against a fist, the sword would cut the fist. If the fist was infused with Ki, the sword would break. But if both were infused with Ki the sword would win again."

What Slyvia had said was logical, but I decided to still go for the martial arts club in the end. The old man had only used his fist yet still beat two foes with just his fists.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56: Martial Arts Club
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Our schedule differed now that we were second years. In the morning instead of basic training, we were to go to our clubs to train. After lunch, we would then do our special knight training.

The ranking system was brought forward from the 1st year and I was currently ranked number 10. After the fight with Sebastion, I wanted the focus to move away from me. I gave up my matches before they even started, dropping my rank down.

We were no longer required to spar with each other, but students were allowed to still have matches outside of training. Instead, students were required to take part in a school tournament which included the 2nd and 3rd years. The winners of the tournament would go on to represent the school at the AKT (All kingdom Tournament), which was a tournament that included all kingdoms.

What I was excited for most though were the hunting trips. Once a week we were to go out as a group and hunt magical beasts. This would be my chance to finally obtain more crystals and become stronger.

The first day of training had started and the students were sent directions via the communicator of where their club was based. Most of the clubs where inside Avrion academy but some classes were in other buildings around the city. Slyvia, for instance, was sent to a hospital for her training.

I followed the instructions on the communicator, the location appeared as a red dot on the map and an arrow sign indicating the direction to go. The martial arts hall seemed to be based off-campus.

After ten minutes of walking, I finally reached my destination. I realised it wasn't too far off from where I had met the old man in the city.

The entrance of the martial arts hall was an open gate with two big red pillars on each side. On top of these pillars was wonky wooden sign barley hanging. The sign was worn out to the point where the words were barely readable but enough to make out the words.

I walked through the entrance and entered a peaceful green garden. The garden had a small pond to the left with a bronze stone statue meditating in the middle. At the end of the garden was a single wide building with one floor.

I walked up to the building but couldn't see any other students, wondering if I was in the right place or not. I knew they said it was unpopular but even if I was the first one here the third-year students should have been here as well.

"Hello, is anyone here," I shouted

There was no reply so I decided to approach the building. Walking around the side of the building I noticed there were no windows and still no one to be seen. In the end, I decided to enter the building.

The building had no windows and just had sliding door panels. I slid one of the door panels and entered the building.

The building was empty, it had a big open space with a soft mat covering the floor, while there was another room off to the side. Judging by the smell I could only assume it was the toilet.

In the centre of the room was an old man sleeping away quietly.

"Hello, I'm here for the martial arts club," I said while approaching the old man.

It seemed as if the old man was unable to hear me. I was now within arms reach of the old man.

"Hello."

There was still no reply from the old man and I was beginning to get frustrated. I knelt down next to the old man to shake him. When my hands were about to grab the old man his eyes opened wide. The old man grabbed me by the head and arm and flung me to the ground.

We had now switched places. The old man then swung a fist to my face but stopped inches before reaching it.

"Who are you?" the old man said.

"This man is crazy, who attacks a stranger like that." Is what I wanted to say but I knew how powerful his strikes were and I didn't want to anger him.

"I'm here to join the martial arts club, the communicator said it was here."

"Oh, a new student I see." The man held his hand out and lifted me off the ground.

"Sorry about that, I was attacked recently and have been on edge ever since, and we don't often get students here." He said with a big grin on his face.

"Where is everyone," I said while looking around thinking someone would pop out any second now.

"What do you mean, you're the first student I've had in years, this means you'll personally receive all my attention."

At least the old man seemed happy and excited about Training me.

"Before we start, I must ask, what made you chose the martial arts club?"

"Old man, do you not remember? you were the one who asked me to come here."

The old man thought for a while, then his eyes suddenly opened wide.

"You mean, you're that student from yesterday."

I nodded in response.

The old man started to laugh until he started to go into a coughing fit.

"I'm glad you chose to listen to me, it must be fate that we met yesterday. I've been looking for someone to pass down my skills but haven't had any students. I didn't expect you to join the club, but only to pass by. My reward was to teach you a little bit but I guess that's useless now. I promise I will teach you everything I know."

"Can you answer my question instead. Why were the black guild after you?"

"it's a secret but I suppose I owe you one, I'm currently one of the six elders of Avrion academy."

I remember seeing the elders once when we first entered the academy. They were the top of the top in the academy, a rank above the Master Knights. Although they weren't in their position due to their strength, unlike the master knights, they were the ones behind the scenes in charge.

"What were you doing all on your own, what are you still doing on your own!" I shouted.

"Hiding in plain sight is also hiding and let's be honest here, I look like any other old man unless I'm wearing the elder garments. The only people who would be able to recognise me are high officials. "

The old man's expression suddenly changed when he said the last sentance as if he was deep in thought. He snapped out of it and continued.

"Anyway, it's time for your first lesson today, Let me teach you about Ki."

Martial

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57: Power of Ki
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ki, it was an important lesson that I needed to learn. So far anyone I had come across that knew how to use Ki, completely overpowered me. Harry, the dark guild and Delbert. If I didn't know how to unlock my skills, then I needed to learn to use Ki.

The old man made me stand around a meter in length away from him. He then started to explain and demonstrate.

"Before we can start practising Ki you need to learn what Ki is and how we can use it. Ki is very similar to how mages use Mana. Mana is the force borrowed form the world. A mages mana pool determines how much of the world's energy it can control, in mages, their mana pool determines how big or how many spells they can cast. So if Mana is the force from outside, what do you think Ki is?"

"The Ki is the power from inside our bodies." We had learnt most of the basics from our time in school, most likely the old man was just testing my current knowledge.

"Good, then if a mage's mana pool determines how much force they can borrow from the world, what determines how much Ki we can use."

I didn't want to guess a wrong answer so I just stood there until he started speaking again.

"The strength of our bodies, the stronger your body is physically the more Ki you can hold inside. This is why it is taboo for children to practise Ki, their bodies simply can't handle it. Using too much internal force in a weak body will just explode."

The old man started to take his shirt off, in my surprise, the old man had the body of a Greek god, his chiselled muscles seemed to be carved from stone.

"I want you to hit me in the stomach as hard as you can."

"Are you sure?"

"Do you remember the dark guild member you fought, he too was using a type of ki which I shall demonstrate now."

I readied my hand into a fist, then stepping forward with all my power struck against his abs, the impact was like hitting a solid wall of metal. I barely managed to move the old man, only sliding him about an inch backwards.

The old man jumped towards me with Joy.

"Were you using Ki just now?"

"No, I just punched you as hard as I could."

The old man's smile got even bigger.

"Boy, you have the strength of an Ox. let's sit down for the next part."

The old man sat down first and I followed after.

Maybe I should have hidden my actual strength, I knew after absorbing the crystals my strength was greater than someone my age but at the same time, I wanted to see how strong my strike was against a Ki user.

"The Ki in our body is a flow of energy, that flow can be used on our own cells. Just now I used it to strengthen the cells in my body, making my body as hard as a rock. People who master the use of Ki are even able to slow down the process of ageing, reverse it even."

"If Ki is in our body, then how does sword Ki work?"

"The flow of energy can be extended to the extent of what we touch, almost as if it has become a part of our body. Everything in this world has a flow and we can use our Ki to disrupt it or strengthen it."

"Can mages also use Ki?"

"There is a reason why mages are so sought after by the kingdoms. Increasing one's mana pool can be done through the use of items, by using Magical beast crystals. The stronger the crystals are the more mana can be gathered inside of them. We knights are limited by the strength of our bodies, the only use we have for the crystals is to use them as weapons or armour.

To answer your question, No. Just like how we can't use the force of the world they can not use the force inside them. Perhaps this is the divine being's way of balancing the world out."

What he said triggered a thought in my mind, wasn't I able to use both. If I eventually unlocked my skills I would be using Magic which came from my mana pool. Although I didn't have any mana currently, with my new skill it would only be a matter of time. So I had to ask.

"Are there any exceptions to this."

"I'm starting to like you more and more, yes there is one that many people know quite well, the shadow plague. When the shadow infects a person or creature they are able to supply the creature or human with mana. This is what makes an infected creature or human stronger than usual. No one knows how the shadow is able to do this without bringing harm to the host's body."

The old man stood up and sat directly behind me. I could feel his warm hand touch my back.

"The best way to learn how to use Ki is to experience what Ki feels like. In a moment you're going to feel a warm sensation go through your body. Don't be frightened, the cells in your body will feel like they are on fire strengthening your body. I want you to remember this feeling."

Just as the old man had said, I could feel his hand start to get warmer. It felt like an invisible force was trying to enter my body.

Suddenly a notification sound rang in my head.

The energy flow changed, instead of it being pushed into my body it felt like the energy flow was being pulled from the old man.

"Old man are you okay?" I shouted in a worried voice.

The Old man was grunting, making strange noises as if he was in pain.

I jumped up off the ground and moved away from the old man, breaking contact from him. when I turned around to look at the old man he had collapsed on the floor. He wasn't moving.

Just when I was about to check if the old man was alive a familiar sound was heard.

(Author Message: I have a new story for a writing competition on web novel, if you like my work please check it out it's called Virtual Sword God! make sure you put the ! at the end. If you could check it out it would help.)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58: Accident
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After seeing the message I went and opened up my status screen. The screen showed that it really had increased my mana pool, underneath my name were before it displayed 0/0 for mana, it now displayed 1/1.

The old man was right in saying that mana was like Ki. To the system it treated them as the same thing.

I went over to the old man who was still lying on the floor. I lifted his body so he was now lying on his back rather than his front. I placed my ear against his chest to see if could hear a heartbeat. Then I went to check his breath.

Thankfully he was still breathing and his heart was still beating. The old man was teaching me and I would of hated to have killed him in the process. He was also an elder of the academy, there was no way anyone would believe me if I was to tell them what happened. The whole kingdom would be after my blood.

While I waited for the old man to wake up, I thought about the incident that just took place. What had made the skill activate on its own? Nothing had happened when he touched me before, it only started when he tried to move his Ki flow into me. Then the notification sound came.

Maybe the system was trying to help me? But this in itself was a scary thought, if the system had a mind of its own it meant it wasn't being controlled by me.

I looked towards the old man, he no longer looked to be in pain and was now happily snoring away. I watched the old man for a while thinking he would wake up soon, after five minutes it didn't look like that was happening any time soon.

I didn't want to waste my time waiting for the old man. At the same time I didn't want to wake him up. It felt like I had stolen something from him so the least I could do was let him rest.

I decided to practice the Ki flow on my own. I sat down in the middle of the floor and activated my dragon eyes skill. It was easier to see the flow moving around inside my body this way. I closed my eyes and tried to feel and gather the energy inside me. Slowly I could sense small glowing green particles all around my body, I started to gather them towards my stomach until it formed a small pea-sized ball. This was the Ki flow the old man was talking about.

I slowly tried to use my will to move the flow to different parts of my body just as the man did. I felt an odd feeling and suddenly the flow dissipated.

It seemed if I stopped focusing for a single moment the flow would disappear.

I kept on repeating this process until I could move the flow freely around my body. I found that the flow was easier to control the smaller I made it. At first, I was only able to control the size of a pea around my body, after a while I was able to control the size of a fist.

I was unable to use the Ki flow to activate my cells like the old man though and with him still sleeping away I had no way to ask. I decided then to just see how big of a Ki flow I could gather inside my body.

The flow went from a pea to a fist to than a small football. When it reached the size of a ball my body started to shake. My muscles began to twitch, my organs felt like they were on fire and sweat begin to run down my body. The energy felt unstable like it wanted to be released back into small particles again.

A dull pain could be felt around my whole body but it was bearable.

.

*Ding

The system had appeared with another message, was the internal force the Ki I was gathering in my body?

The system had never done harm to me before so I started to come to trust it. Whenever it would pop-up it had always helped me. So I decided to select yes.

Then suddenly a force from outside started to gather in my body as well. The football sized Ki had grown slightly. The problem was now the dull pain had become stronger. It felt like any second now my muscles would tear apart.

More Sweat was running down my face. I wanted to stop the Ki flow but didn't know how, it felt like if it didn't leave my body it would just explode.

"What are you doing!" The old man shouted.

The old man quickly ran over towards me and placed his hand on my back. This time it felt like the Ki flow was being taken away from me. The flow was quickly leaving my body and at the same time, the pressure on my body started to go.

The old man started to sweat, his hand then left contact with my back. I didn't see what he did but then a loud bang was heard.

It was as if someone had shot a cannon inside the martial arts hall. As I turned around to see what had happened, the old man stood there panting for air with his fist held out as if he was punching the air. It looked as if steam was coming from his whole body.

When I went to look at where his fist was aimed at, I could see the street outside.

A circle hole had been made in the building's wall. The wall had completely broken to the point where you could see the street.

"You stupid boy! you could have gotten yourself killed!"

As I heard the man's words my vision started to blur, then slowly blackness filled my eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59: Activating the cells
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As I slowly started to lift my heavy eyelids all I could see where rays of white light. After a few seconds, my vision started to become clearer. I could make out the white textures on the wall, the bar like lights on the ceiling.

Where was I?

When My vision eventually cleared I could see a shiny big round object in front of me, it was so shiny that I could see a reflection of myself. I was currently in a hospital bed. The shiny round object started to move, making me realise that it was a bold human head.

"Hey man, you're finally awake," Kyle said.

My head was pounding.

"Why am I in the hospital, wait why are you in the hospital?"

Kyle placed his hand on my shoulders and gently pushed me back towards the bed.

"Hey, don't move so soon man, An old man came running in here with you on his back, he asked us to call a healing mage as soon as possible but when we ran some test, you were completely fine."

"What do you mean we?" I asked

Just then the door opened and in walked Slyvia.

"You're awake!, I hope kyle didn't bother you too much he's been nagging all the female patients since he started here."

"You joined the medical club!" I shouted.

Kyle started to blush a little.

"You know I've always been interested in the medical field."

Giving me a wink and thumbs up as if we were speaking in code.

After looking around the hospital I realised that Kyle was one of the only Male students that had joined the medical club. I didn't want to doubt his words but perhaps he had an ulterior motive.

Slyvia then came over while holding a clipboard in her hand.

"The doctor said we could look after you while you recover since we know you and all."

"Am I all okay?" I had to ask for some reason my head felt like it was going to explode.

Slyvia looked at the clipboard and said,

"When you first came in here you had all the signs for Mana sickness, which had to be impossible. We called out for a medical mage but then quickly cancelled the call. When we ran a second test your body seemed to have all healed up. Most likely just a false reading the first time. You just need to stay here for a few hours and you're free to leave."

After resting for a few hours I was free to leave the hospital. When I got back to my room everyone was talking about there experience at their clubs. On the first day, it seemed like learning about Ki was the basics.

Kyle and Slyvia learnt about using Ki to activate the cells in a person body for them to self-heal. Martha had learnt how to infuse it into her arrow and same with Gary with the sword. All though no one had tried practising Ki yet, they had just learnt about it. After hearing my story of ending up in the hospital the others weren't so keen to rush into things.

The next day I went to the martial art club, this time the old man was waiting for me at the front gate. He quickly pulled me into the martial building.

"You could have died, you silly boy!" The old man shouted.

The old man continued to nag and complain until my ears felt like they were bleeding. Luckily the whole event with me made him forget about what had happened to him just before. I had thought hard about what to say to the old man in case he asked but it seemed like I wouldn't have to use it.

The old man had finished his nagging and we were now both sat down on the floor.

"I don't want to praise you for what you did, but it is actually amazing that you managed to gather Ki of that size on your first day. But you must learn the limits of your body. If I hadn't been there you might have never been able to use Ki again or worse."

The old man sighed then clapped his hands together.

"Now I'd like you to gather Ki like you did yesterday but make sure you make it the size of a fist, no bigger and no smaller."

For the next few days we had concentrated on controlling the Ki, we would do simple exercises of changing the Ki size and moving it around my body.

Finally, on the fifth day, I managed to Activate my cells using the Ki. The first step was making my cells harden. This would allow me to have a strong body and strong fist similar to the dark guild member. At the moment I was only able to use about a fist size of Ki to activate my cells. This meant My body hardening wasn't very strong if I was to spread the Ki around my whole body.

There was a reason why he had taught me to move the Ki my body. When using that body part we could just activate the cells in that area. If I was to punch with my fist I would only then need to activate the cells in my hand to make a stone-hard fist. If an enemy was to attack me with a blade, as long as I knew where he was going to attack I only needed to harden that area.

We started to do practise drills where the old man would strike me randomly on my body. The aim was to harden the area before his fist hit me. I got hit the first few times, causing me to cough out blood. But quickly managed to get the hang of it.

After five days of hard work, my basic Ki training was complete. The old man said that all I had to do now was focus on making the size of my Ki gradually bigger. As soon as my muscles started to hurt that meant I had gathered to much Ki internally.

What I wanted to do know more than ever was test out my Ki abilities and the perfect opportunity was coming up. Tomorrow was finally the day for the students to go hunting for magical beasts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60: A leader
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the hunt starting tomorrow I decided to go visit a blacksmith. There were many blacksmiths in the city but there was a specific one that current students could use inside Avrion academy.

Second-year students were allowed to take their own gear out for hunting and I currently had two intermediate tier crystals. One was obtained from the system, so I didn't want to waste that one, but I still had another that was carved out from the fanged boar.

I entered through a pair of double doors into the blacksmith's room. It was bigger then I had imagined, there were rows and rows of weapons all hanged up on one side of the wall. On the other side were different sets of armour were out on display. I went and approached the counter at the end of the room.

Behind the counter was a skinny man wearing big round glasses. I wasn't the type to go on stereotypes but he didn't quite fit the image. I then noticed that on the counter in front of him there were many different types of beast crystals displayed. There were many but none were higher than an advanced tier crystal.

"How can I help?" the man behind the counter asked.

"I was hoping you could make something from this for me." I took out the fanged boar crystal and placed it on the counter.

"Well let's take a look shall we." The man then proceeded to pull out a strange-looking object from underneath the counter. The object had a flat circular base with another circular base on top of it, similar to a lamp apart from the top part appearing hollow.

The man placed the crystal on the bottom base than the top part of the object started to glow and display some writing in the air.

"Oh, I didn't expect it to be an intermediate beast crystal. It says its form a fanged boar. It's best if we turn this into a chest piece armour. It will give you a decent amount of protection."

I didn't realise that they were able to tell this much information from the crystals alone. Not every crystal looked exactly the same but the device the man had, seemed to tell him everything about the crystal. I was a bit disappointed that I wouldn't be able to get a weapon but a chest piece was still better than nothing.

"So how much will it cost?"

"With your student discount... 1000 should be fair."

My eyeballs nearly fell out of my socket.

"1000, you don't mean a 100."

"I'm sorry that's the best I can do. If you don't have the money you can always trade for it as well. A basic crystal is worth 100, and intermediate 1000. It cost the same to produce it into a weapon so basic tear is a 100 and intermediate 1000." The man said with a smile.

If I didn't know any better I would have thought the man was cheating me, but I was at the academy and they wouldn't let something like that slide.

"I'm sorry I don't have the money right now, I'll have to come back later."

I took the crystal back and decided I would have to come back at another time when I had the money.

*****

The next morning we had all woken up bright and early. We were told to meet at the south city gate by nine o'clock. I noticed that Gary still had bag's under his eyes. It seemed like he still wasn't getting good sleep for some reason.

We left as a group and arrived at the south gate. There were around two hundred students gathered at the gate. Standing at the front was someone who I hadn't seen for a while. It was squire master Lancy.

Next to Lancy were two other squire masters, one woman and the other a man. They had then split us up into three sperate groups, each group led by a Squier master. Unfortunately, Lancy was in charge of our group.

Each group had headed off into different directions. Our group was silent while listening in on what Lancy had to tell us.

"There are a total of three hunting grounds that are safe enough for you second years to hunt in. The forest, the foothills, and the swamp. There are several more areas where the magical beast breed but unless you wish to live a short life, I do not recommend going there. Today our group will travel to the forest. We will change hunting grounds in the coming weeks. This will allow you to fight a variety of different magical beasts."

As we continued walking I noticed that the gear the students were wearing differed greatly. Some had intermediate beast tier equipment some basic tier. Many like me just had ordinary weapons and armour. Even in our group Slyvia had an intermediate shield on her back, Dan had a basic tier spear and Martha intermediate tier boots. While me Gary, Monk, Ian and Kyle just held Standard equipment.

Lancy suddenly came to stop just outside the forest.

"You all shall split up into groups of eight, although I'm sure many of you think you can fend for yourselves, let me tell you unexpected things happen. Every year we have many students pass away on the hunting grounds, everything we do is for a reason. Once you have formed your group of eight please select a leader and come to me."

The groups were formed fairly quickly, most people decided to stick with their roommates since they knew them well. We did the same adding Kyle to become our eighth member.

finally, it was time to decide who would be the group leader. We had all gathered in a circle to discuss who would be the best candidate.

"So who should be the leader?" Monk asked.

"I think the leader needs to be our strongest member," Dan said while looking towards Gary.

"Huh, if you want the strongest that's not me." Gary then looked toward me.

"I think our leader should be a caring person, whos smart and can make the best decisions." I then looked at where Slyvia was standing.

Slyvia face started to turn red.

"What you mean me!?"

"I think Slyvia will make a great leader," Martha said while jumping up and down.

"All those in favour of Slyvia being our leader?" Monk asked.

The whole group had raised their hands.

"Looks like it's decided then," Monk said.

We all smiled and thought Slyvia would make a great leader.

Slyvia slapped her cheeks with her hands and said,

"I promise I'll do my best guys."

Finally, it was time to hunt.

AUTHOR NOTE: Important about spirit stones. Please check out my new Novel Virtual sword god! it is currently ranked number two in the competition. if you could use your stones on Virtual sword God! will do extra chapters for Reincarnated into a human.

Currently 87 Stones

100 Stones, 2 Extra Chapters for reincarnated into a human?

200 Stones, 4 Extra Chapters for reincarnated into a human?

300 Stones, 6 extra Chapters for reincarnated into a human?

Rember please use stones on Virtual sword god!, Not reincarnated into a human, this is for this week and next week.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61: Dangerous bugs
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the group leaders were decided, Lancy called them over and handed them a small wooden object. It was about the same size as a pen with a small crystal attached to the top.

"Please keep this on you at all times, if your group are in any trouble or are facing any danger blow on the wooden pipe. This is a magic whistle that is linked to a device I hold. once the whistle has been blown, I will come to help you as soon as possible."

There were eight groups in total with eight members. Everyone checked one last time that they had everything they needed and began to enter the forest. We were given a total of five hours to hunt. Then we were to come back and meet Lancy at the entrance of the forest.

As our group was entering the forest Lancy looked over in my direction and said, "Remember, anything can get you in the forest."

As his head turned away I managed to catch a slight smile.

I could feel the intent behind the words, they weren't words of caution but a threat.

Our group began to move into the forest leaving tracks behind to know what ground we had covered. We were taught as first-years how to mark your way and not get lost. As we passed trees we would leave a unique mark for our group.

"I hate that Lancy guy," Monk said.

Martha went to rub Monk's head.

"Don't worry about him too much, we need to focus on the goal. Do you know what they call this forest?"

Monk shook his head.

"It's known as insect forest."

"I hate bug's" Kyle started to scratch himself as if something was crawling on his body.

Dan started to chuckle.

"Oh please, as if any insect could hurt us."

Just as Dan had spoken those words, a giant ladybug the size of a football came out from behind a tree.

Slyvia drew her sword and shouted.

"Everyone ready for battle, insects might be weak but they fight in groups!"

Suddenly, around twenty ladybugs had come from behind the trees. Martha was the quickest to react shooting down one of them with an arrow, the arrow went straight through its body nailing it to a tree. The rest of the ladybugs quickly swarmed towards us.

The group was dealing with the ladybugs well. Ian had joined the axe club in the end. At looking at him now it suited him. In each hand he held an axe, as a ladybug came towards him he attacked making an x shape with the two axes, completely slicing the ladybug apart.

Dan was using his spear, with every stab the ladybug would simply fly and avoid it, Dan got frustrated and ended up just chucking it at the ladybug quickly ending its life.

Monk was nowhere to be seen, I couldn't tell where he went, he had improved his footwork once again but this was a good sign. If I couldn't tell where Monk was, then the ladybugs definitely couldn't.

Kyle was acting like a madman, cursing at the bugs family as he attacked as if it could understand him.

"I can't believe your mum made such a creepy thing like you."

Slyvia was calm and focused, she didn't let the ladybug get a scratch on her, defending with the shield when it would come forward and striking back with her sword. She would often look back at the group checking if we were okay.

Gary strangely was the worst out of everyone, he was sloppy and kept misjudging where the ladybug would move. Eventually, he had defeated one but he was panting and out of breath.

Everyone had finished dealing with the ladybugs that came towards them apart from me. Quickly three ladybugs had surrounded me from all sides, I had yet to draw my sword.

"What are you doing Ray, take out your sword," Slyvia shouted.

The reason I hadn't taken my sword out yet was because I wanted to test myself. While observing everyone I had gathered my Ki, I moved my Ki to my fingertips and started activating my cells, they were now as hard as iron.

One of the ladybugs came forward, I swiped at it with making my hand into a claw shape. The ladybug split into five separate pieces. The other ladybugs started to move away as if they knew they stood no chance. I quickly got up and clawed at each of them while their backs were turned.

Monk had suddenly appeared from behind one of the trees with a dead ladybug in his hand.

"Wow Ray, was that Ki? you already know how to use it so well."

"It looks like I wasn't the only one practising."

Monk's face turned a little red.

After the group was finished dealing with the bugs we quickly went to extract the crystals. Everyone had agreed that if you got the last hit that killed the beast, then that meant you were free to get the crystal. This rule was put in place to also help deal with any future problems.

I was lucky and the system had given me two crystals meaning I only needed to retrieve one from the ladybugs. The problem was I didn't know which one would still have a crystal inside so I had to carve all three of them anyway. It was good this way because the group wouldn't get suspicious.

We continued to go through the forest and encountered many more bugs, such as beetles, butterflies and many more the only difference where they were all about 100 times bigger than regular bugs. They also always attacked in groups but it was fairly easy for most of us.

We were currently in a battle with a group of velvet red ants. The Ants were mainly black with a red velvet pattern on its body. The ants were the hardest Beasts we had faced so far in the forest. Their strength was far greater than the other insects but still fairly easy to handle.

I had just finished defeating three Ants when I heard a scream come from behind me.

"Ahhhhh!"

Gary's arm was currently being chomped on by an ant.

Author Note: Please use stones on my other series for extra chapters on this one!

Series: Virtual Sword God!

Stone goals.

Current stone 94

100 Stones 2 extra Chapters

200 Stones 4 extra chapters

300 Stones 6 extra chapters

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62: Basic tier crystals
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Gary was screaming with pain, I could start to see blood trickle down his arm. The red velvet ant was only a basic tier beast, so it was strange to see someone as skilful as Gary get bitten.

Ian was the first one to reach Gary and pulled the ant off with his hands, using all his strength. As the ants front teeth left Gary's arm a splutters of blood went threw the air.

"Hold it still for me," Gary said.

Ian held the Ant with two hands by its side. The ant was trying it's best to wiggle free but Ian's grip was too strong. Gary picked up his sword from the ground and sliced the Ant in half.

Slyvia and Kyle came over to Gary to look at his arm. There were two big punctures the size of ping bong balls. Luckily the wound wasn't too deep.

"Do you think you can fix it," Kyle asked.

Slyvia looked at the wound closely.

"It should be okay, I'm not a mage so there's a limit with what I can do."

"I'll start with first aid you do what you can?" Kyle said.

While Kyle was cleaning and disinfecting the wound, Slyvia seemed to be meditating nearby, focusing on something. Kyle had finished bandaging the areas where Gary was hurt. Then Slyvia quickly placed both hands on top of the bandage.

"What's she doing?" Dan asked.

"She's using her Ki to help Gary heal, I haven't learnt to do it yet but Slyvia is a quick learner. By infusing her Ki into Gary's body she can activate his cells to speed up the healing process. It's not as effective as a mage but still better than nothing."

Monk started tugging on my arm, he then made a motion telling me to come with him. I and monk moved slightly away from the group just so they couldn't hear our conversation.

"Do you think Gary's been acting strange lately? He would never get hurt by something like a Basic tier, and he hasn't been himself during training either. I think you should talk to him." Monk said while looking at Gary.

"Me, why me? I'm not good at this stuff."

"If something is going on he won't listen to us, but he respects you, Ray. You don't have to do much, just ask him if anythings going on and do your best to help."

I took a closer look at Gary, the bags under his eyes were getting bigger and darker. I could hear him talking in his sleep more. Perhaps I did owe Gary this after he looked out for me for all those years.

After Slyvia had finished healing Gary we went on to collect the basic tier Crystals. Our time was nearly up and we started heading back towards the entrance of the forest.

Altogether I had collected Ten crystals, five had been obtained from the system and five I carved out my self. It wouldn't be long before I had enough money to get new equipment.

We had exited the forest and saw Lancy their waiting, there were a few other groups who had finished and returned as well. After waiting a while eventually, everyone had returned with all their members. Some were injured here and there but nothing serious, similar to Gary.

Lancy then took out an empty brown sack.

"Remember, you all need to donate ten per cent of your crystals to the academy as a tax."

A few moans and complaints were made amongst the student's but everyone quickly lined up and put 10 per cent of their crystals in the sack.

When it came to my turn, I put one crystal in the bag.

"Only one Ray," Lancy said.

"Well, I only got five crystals."

"Only five, impossible. If I find any more on you boy, you will be punished."

Lancy then went to check all over my body and could only find five crystals.

Lancy grunted, "I guess you really are that useless."

Five of the crystals were gained from the system so they were put in the system's storage. I had no idea where they went but they would only appear if I wanted them too, so I honestly only had five on me at the time.

"Where did you hide your other crystals?" Monk asked.

"That's a secret."

Monk and the others had seen me slay more than five beasts so they knew I had used some sought of trick.

It had been a tiring day, most of the students either decided to go to their rooms to rest or visit the blacksmith to sell their crystals and make better weapons for next time.

I myself had another idea in mind. I went up to the roof of the building and looked in my systems inventory.

On top of the systems inventory, I had four basic tier crystals and one Intermediate tier crystal. With the five crystals granted by the system, it would now hopefully be enough for me to max out on my basic tier points.

I decided to do it in a safe and secluded area away from everyone. I wasn't sure what would happen after reaching a hundred points. When the wolf maxed out on points he was given an evolution option. It took him nearly a whole year to finally evolve.

Would something similar happen to me? There was one thing I was certain of though, whether it would change my form or return me to a dragon, either way, the crystals would make me stronger.

As I absorbed the crystals one by one notification screens would pop up.

I had one crystal left, the points seemed to be random between 1 and 10. I had one crystal remaining.

I went and absorbed the last crystal.

******

IMPORTANT: Please do not use your stones on this series, if you can vote on my series Virtual sword god! for a competition. We are currently in second place.

Stones on Virtual sword god! will unlock extra chapters for reincarnated into a human?.

I hope you can all help me.

100 Stones (Hit) 2 extra chapters

200 Stones 4 extra chapters

300 Stones 6 extra chapters

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63: Evolved
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as the evolution notification was displayed my body felt as if it was burning. I was quickly brought down to my knees. The pain was unbearable. I needed to do something.

I sat down and started to meditate, similar to what I did when I practised gathering my Ki. I tried focusing on the pain imagining that it wasn't there. The pian then changed slightly, the burning sensation went to a prickly sensation. As if every pore on my skin was being stabbed with a small needle.

I cursed at the system, I wasn't ready for this. It hadn't even given me an option to start or not. After ten minutes the prickly sensation ended but a new pain soon took over. My bones. They felt like they were being torn from inside out.

Then I could hear cracking noises come from every part of my body. My bones themselves were actually breaking down, and rebuilding themselves. The process carried on repeating itself. With each break, I thought it might get easier to bear but the pian was just as bad.

I was using all my will power to stop me from screaming into the heavens. If they heard or saw me now they were sure to know something was wrong.

Finally, the pain stopped, I had lost track of how much time had passed as I was too focused on the pain.

I rubbed eyes thinking that perhaps they were playing tricks on me, as I read the notification screen I clearly read the words "Dragon knight" Wasnt that what they called the founders of Avrion? or was it just a coincidence. I didn't have much time to think about it right now as I was more worried about something else.

Had the evolution changed my appearance? I didn't have a mirror on me to check, so I activated my dragon eyes skill. While looking at myself I realised that my senses had improved. My vision was greater then before and I could sense everyone around me as if I was looking at them from an aerial view.

The students from down below were having a conversation but I could hear every word as if they were next to me. Then when the attention finally came to myself, my heart sank. My aura had changed, instead of the yellow colour I once had it was a yellow mixed in with a slight bit of red.

Yellow, was for humans, red was for a magical beast, purple for the shadow plague. If what I was seeing was correct, then did it mean I was now part beast? Then something came to my mind. I had seen something like this once before. When I had first entered Avrion academy they took us to the cemetery. In the tomb of one of the dragon knights, I could sense the same aura.

My outside appearance still seemed to be that of a human so I was thankful but when looking at my status, next to race it would now say Dragon knight. There wasn't much use me trying to wrap my head around it as I didn't have the answers right now.

While I was still on my own there was another test that I wanted to try though. I went through my systems inventory and could see the intermediate crystal still there.

When I tried this before the system displayed an error messge. If my hypothesis was correct the system was currently treating my body the same way magical beast would.

If we were to say I was a basic tier beast, a human, then I would only be able to absorb basic tier crystals. Now that I had evolved I could absorb intermediate. Perhaps eventually I would be able to evolve back into a dragon.

I selected yes and the crystal slowly started to disappear and I could feel a tingling sensation throughout my body.

I was a bit disappointed by the low amount of points that had been earned but was happy that I could now start to absorb intermediate crystals. The strong feeling I gained from the crystals was the same as before.

Before heading back to my room I decided that I would go to the school toilet to have a look at myself in the mirror. Just in case my appearance had changed. While walking through the hallway I used my sash as a scarf and lifted up my hood. I would also use my black sash skills to avoid being seen as much as possible.

When I arrived at the toilets it didn't seem like there had been any changes, everything had looked the same. My body, on the other hand, had gotten a little muscular and a little taller. It wasn't drastic enough to have to be explained though.

As I entered my room everyone was in their beds getting ready to sleep. Slyvia was just about to turn off the lights as I walked through the door.

"Oh, nice to have you join us." She paused while looking at me up and down.

I was sweating a little, afraid that I might have missed something.

"You look a little different."

Slyvia carried on staring at me, trying to figure out what was different.

She had a keen eye, for these sought of things and her senses were sharp.

"Stop flirting with Ray and turn of the light's" Dan shouted.

Slyvia's face went bright red and she quickly turned off the lights and went to sleep.

I was struggling to sleep, as usual, I had a lot on my mind but more so this time. While I was deep in thought I could hear someone speaking. It was from Gary. Gary had constantly been sleeptalking the last few days as if he was having a nightmare about something.

This time it was a lot worse, Gary was moving about so much he was shaking the bunk bed me and him were on. It was too hard to make out what he was saying as he was mumbling his words. Then he started shouting at the top of his voice.

"No, No don't!" he shouted.

Everyone in the room had heard Gary's cries and had woken up.

******

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64: Behind the red door
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary continued to scream words of nonsense. Monk had quickly gone up to see if something was wrong. The way Gary was acting it seemed like he was being attacked.

"Gary, wake up, wake up!" Monk shouted

Monk turned to the rest of us, we had now all gotten out of our beds and could see Gary wriggling around tossing and turning.

"I don't know what's wrong with him?" Monk seemed visibly worried.

Slyvia then started to give out commands quickly.

"Ian, you bring Gary down here, you're the only one strong enough to hold him still, I think I can help."

Ian did as he was told, he went up and grabbed Gary by both sides. Gary was still struggling as if he was trying to break free but it was useless. As Ian put Gary on the floor, Dan came over and held down his feet while Ian held his shoulders.

Slyvia then put her hands on top of Gary's forehead, a few moments later he seemed to calm down. Slowly Gary seemed to fall back into a deep sleep.

"What was that?" Dan asked

"It's something they taught us in the medical club, it's used to soothe patients who are in pain."

Ian then went to put Gary back to sleep, while everyone else went back to their bed's apart from Monk. Monk looked troubled and came up to me. "You need to talk to him, he seems to be getting worse."

"I will don't worry."

While everyone was focused on helping Gary I had activated my dragon eyes. I was afraid that he might have been infected by the shadow plague but there didn't seem to be anything wrong with his aura.

When the morning came everyone seemed to be a little sluggish. everyone apart from Gary that was. As he yawned and stretched he said, "Oh, I haven't slept like that in ages, it was so good."

Gary then noticed the faces of everyone in the room, they were all frowning at him.

"huh, did I do something?"

Monk looked towards me and mouthed out the words. "You need to talk to him now."

Monk was right, although Gary felt fine now and was back to his usual self. We didn't know if his nightmares would stop.

"Hey Gary, do you mind if we talk?" I said

Gary looked stunned

"Did, you just ask me to talk to you? Ray, are you feeling okay?"

"I think I'm the one that needs to ask you that."

While everyone had gone down to breakfast I and Gary walked outside the campus. I had told him about what had happened last night. Gary was surprised, he didn't realise he had been talking in his sleep.

Gary then started to look around him, there were a couple of students in the distance but he waited until they turned a corner.

"Ray, you know that big red door they showed us that leads to below the school? I know it's forbidden but I think we should go down there and have a look."

"If they catch us will be kicked out of Avrion, are you sure about wanting to do something like this?"

"I've been having strange dreams about it, like something behind the door has been calling to me."

"Why didn't you tell anyone about these dreams, what about the master knights."

"I don't need to tell the knights everything, this is about me, but I'm afraid that something might happen to me down there, I need your help."

Gary's eyes were filled with sadness, it was as if he was begging me.

"Even if I told the knights they would never let me go down there, it's full of criminals."

I was unsure of what to do, if we were to get caught then we would both be kicked out of the academy, I still had a lot to learn here, but something was drawing me to Gary's idea. For one, my dragon eyes skill seemed to have been blocked by the red door. I couldn't see anything past or below the Academy.

Were the criminals so great that they needed to hide it, no perhaps there was an even bigger secret the academy was hiding and perhaps Gary was the first person to sense it?

"I'll think about it." Gary's face seemed to brighten up a bit, my words seemed to give him hope.

As the day went on I went to my training at the martial arts hall, we were now focusing on fighting skills and techniques while using Ki around our bodies. When I went to gather my Ki, something strange happened. It was no longer difficult to control the size like before. I could easily gather around two times the amount. It flowed around my body gently not causing any pain inside.

I came to the conclusion that it must have been the effects of the crystals and evolution. It was as if I had been given a completely new body. If I was to guess were my strength currently lied I would have to say it was now similar to the old man's but just below the master knights.

While training with the old man I decided to keep the Ki at the same level as before, I wanted to keep this a secreat, the knights would surely suspect that I was this prophecy child if they were to find out.

I wanted to test my strength out and I knew who the best opponent for that would be, Harry. Harry had completely humiliated me the last time we had fought. Unfortunately, third-year students were sent out on missions so the only chance I would get to fight him was at the yearly school tournament.

With the day ending, I decided that I would give my answer to Gary tomorrow. There was simply too much risk involved for me at the moment. As I closed my eyes and fell asleep. A bright white light started to appear in my vision. It was a dream. A glowing white orb was just floating in a black dark space. I slowly moved towards the orb as if I was drawn to it.

Then the orb whispered, "I will share my secrets."

Suddenly my body seemed to be flying backwards away from the white orb, the orb was getting smaller. I reached out my hand to grab it but then a huge big red door came down blocking my path. It was the same door at Avrion Academy.

******

IMPORTANT: Please do not use your stones on this series, if you can vote on my series Virtual sword god! for a competition. We are currently in second place.

Stones on Virtual sword god! will unlock extra chapters for reincarnated into a human?.

I hope you can all help me.

150 Stones 2 extra chapters

250 Stones 4 extra chapters

350 Stones 6 extra chapters

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65: The Plan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When I woke up my mind felt clear, I now knew what I needed to do, I had my answer.

Even if it meant risking everything I had gained so far, I needed to see what was behind that red door.

The white orb was calling out to me. Was this the same dream and feeling that Gary had. Is this why he wanted to go down there so bad?

The next day I asked Gary to meet me on my own, I told him that we would go together. He was very grateful and couldn't stop thanking me, saying I was his best friend he ever had.

I felt a bit guilty, I didn't tell Gary about my dream. I was doing this for my own selfish reason and not for him but Gary thought different.

As I went on to train I couldn't seem to focus. All I was doing was waiting for the day to end so I could plan how to infiltrate the red door.

Gary, on the other hand, seemed more energized than ever. As if he had gotten back to his usual self.

When at last the training was done, Gary called over me and Monk to meet at the black sash mansion's tempory rooms.

I was surprised that Gary had called over Monk, perhaps he had asked for his help as well.

When I entered the room Gary quickly closed all the windows and doors making sure no one was listening in on us. He had a plan that he made laid out across the floor.

"So what's with the emergency meeting?" Monk asked.

Gary walked over towards Monk and placed his hand on his shoulder. "Me and Ray, are going to see what's behind the red door, and we need your help."

Monk's eyes nearly doubled in size." You're going to do what! we can't we'll be kicked out of the academy!"

Monk then turned towards me, "You have to tell him, Ray."

"You did ask me to help him out monk, Gary's been having dreams about the red door," I said.

"Well, you two can go get yourself's kicked out of the school but I'm out of here.

Monk started to head towards the exit when Gary called out to him.

"Wait, You remember the duel we had a long time ago? If Ray hadn't stopped you I might have been seriously hurt. You said you owe me one. Well, I'm calling on that favour now."

Monk was biting down on his teeth as he had his hand on the door handle. I could see he only needed a little push to be convinced.

"Monk didn't you tell Ray we were family, Well, I see us black sashes as a family and we need your help."

Monk let go of the door handle and started to walk back towards us. "Fine, but this is it, were even after this and I need to here the plan first."

I then noticed that one of us wasn't called here. "Hey, Gary if you wanted the whole black sash family here, why didn't you call Kyle over?" I asked.

"Come on really, We all know he's got a big mouth."

We all smiled at each other. It was true if Kyle new of this plan half of Avrion academy would have known about it by now.

Gary then went on to explain his plan, "This is the plan, Currently, two knights in black armour guard the red door at all times. It's said that they hold the same power as a master knight, so it will be impossible for us to take them on. But once a month the black armoured knights gather for a meeting and are replaced by squire masters. This will be our chance, one of us will create a distraction, while that is happening Monk we need you to picklock the lock. You're the best out of all of us and the fastest."

Monk's cheeks went a little red.

"What do we tell the rest while were gone?" Monk asked.

"Just say we decided to do some special training together."

"What if they find out about the broken lock?" I asked.

"We don't have to say anything because they will never find out, our black sash training was made for missions like these. This is the type of thing we trained for this hole time."

"Alright let's do it," I said.

Suddenly there was a startled gasp. By the window a group of shadows could be seen, they started to form a shape and a girl had appeared out of nowhere.

It was Jasmine's heart. She had green eyes with long black hair. She wore a black grey cloak. Across her chest was the black sash we all knew well.

She was currently a third-year student who was also a part of the black shashes. We didn't interact much with the third-year students and most of the time they were out on missions. But due to the lack of black shashes nearly everyone knew each other.

"I can't believe what I just heard" She whispered.

Sweat marks started running down our faces, I could hear the sound of the other two hearts get faster.

"What are you doing here?" Gary said. "Were you spying on us?"

"No! it was an accident, I went up here to train by myself. I was practising to blend in with the shadows and hide."

"Isn't that spying?" Monk said.

"Well it doesn't matter, I heard everything. I know what you guys are planning to do and you are not going to get away with it. Once I tell the master knights what you're up to you'll be kicked out of the Avrion Academy."

The three of us glanced at each other, hoping that one of us would have an idea that could get us out of this situation.

Gary started to walk slowly towards Jasmine, "Well, now that you know about our plan, we can't just let you go free now, can we?"

******

IMPORTANT: Please do not use your stones on this series, if you can vote on my series Virtual sword god! for a competition. We are currently in second place.

Stones on Virtual sword god! will unlock extra chapters for reincarnated into a human?.

I hope you can all help me.

150 Stones 2 extra chapters

250 Stones 4 extra chapters

350 Stones 6 extra chapters

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66: Enter together
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Jasmine looked at Gary walking towards her, I could see the fear being reflected in her eyes.

Jasmine nervously smiled, "How about we just forget about everything that happened, you can forget that I was ever here."

Monk sighed with relief, but Gary wasn't finished though as he continued to walk towards her.

"Do you really think it's going to be that easy? All we did was talk about breaking the rules, we didn't actually do anything yet. I hardly think we would be punished for this and you tried to threaten us."

Jasmine glanced towards the door as if she was looking for a chance to escape. Monk and I had already anticipated this and were standing firm by the door. Her eyes then danced around the room looking to see if there was anywhere she could escape.

"Wait, look I'm sorry I was in here, I promise I won't tell anyone."

The fact that Jasmine hadn't tried escaping meant she knew that the three of us could take her. I also checked with my dragon eyes skill, her Aura wasn't that powerful either. But she was skillful in using the black sash skills. So skillful that she managed to avoid detection from me.

Gary started to smile, "Why don't you come with us?"

"And break the school rules? Aren't their criminals down there?" She said.

"That's what they say but who knows what's actually down there. Perhaps that is just a cover for something else. If we see any trouble, we'll turn back." Gary said

I didn't think there was a chance that Jasmine would accept this. Even if we were threatening her, she didn't think we would actually kill her, did she?

"When should we go?" She said while stepping forward and looking at the plan written out on the floor.

"Honestly ever since coming to this academy, I've been curious about that red door. But we can't tell anyone about this, agreed?" She said.

We all nodded in agreement.

"Okay, the plan starts tomorrow. We all have the day off tomorrow with the meeting going on so it's perfect." Gary said.

"Actually I don't have tomorrow off. I have to be... " Jasmine stopped mid-sentence and then continued.

"Don't worry I can make it. I've been practising to blend with the shadows and I'm fairly good with it now. This is a good opportunity to test my skills."

Gary then put his hand out with his palm facing the ground. "Come on let's all agree to do this together."

The rest of us then put our hands on top of each other and on the count of three we all lifted them with a cheer.

As we split ways with Jasmine, I couldn't help but contemplate why she agreed to help us. She had agreed far too quickly. Perhaps she was working for Sir K to spy on us or maybe one of the other master knights. Or maybe she would tell the knights of our plan and betray us when we reached the red door.

Gary wasn't stupid so surely he had thought of this. When I went to look at Gary I noticed he was staring at her intently as if he was dazed.

"I don't trust her, maybe it should just be us three," I said.

"Don't worry, trust me Jasmine is good...really good" Gary said while smiling.

"I don't trust her at all!" Monk shouted. "You're clearly thinking with your bottom half of your body Gary."

Gary's face went bright red and he went to kick Monk, but Monk avoided it.

*****

The next day when training had ended, the four of us had met up just outside the Academy. It was a full moon tonight.

We were all wearing our black sash gear.

Light armour for ease of movement, a back hooded cloak to cover our faces and soft leather boots to silence our footsteps.

Gary took the lead as we entered the area where the red door lay. Gary peered around the corner of the hall, then motioned for the rest of us to follow him.

While moving we stayed in the dark shadows as much as possible. Each of us was able to cloak our appearance using the shadows but Jasmine was the best out of all of us. Every time she would activate her shadow skill it was as if she wasn't even there.

I started to think again, what if she was sent by Sir K? or even someone else. When we had finally reached the red door we were all surprised.

There was no one guarding the door. The door was located a floor beneath the actual academy, and led even further down underground. It was a placement for the deadliest of criminals and was to be guarded at all times. But right now there stood no one.

As the four of us approached the red door with caution, alarm bells started ringing through my head. This must be a trap, but my dragon eyes skill could detect no one.

"It's time for you to do your thing Monk," Gary said.

Monk went towards the lock on the red door and pulled out a keychain full of small tools to begin his work.

"You two lookout by the staircase in case anyone comes down here." Gary pointed towards Jasmine and me.

I didn't mind this as it allowed me to keep my eye on her. While watching Jasmine, I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary and she seemed to be just as worried as the rest of us.

Finally, after a minute or two monk was successful in unlocking the red door.

Gary opened the door with no hesitation and called on all of us to quickly enter.

As we all stepped forward behind the red door, Gary shut the door behind us.

It was pitch black inside and nothing could be seen. A musty damp smell wafted in my nose.

Gary then pulled out a circular object with a crystal embedded in the middle. Gary tapped the object and an orange light surrounded all of us.

The light allowed us to see only a few meters ahead. When we looked in front of us, all we could see was a stone stairway that descended into the darkness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67: Another Door
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The darkness was strange. Black sash knights were trained to fight in the darkness. In fact, darkness was our friend. Yet for some reason, not one of us could see anything beyond the orange light being emitted from Gary's stone.

My dragon eyes skill was useless as well. Just like with the red door something was blocking my abilities.

"We should go back," Monk said shakily.

"We've made it this far we can't go back now," Gary said.

"But we can't even see anything."

Gary ignored Monk and started to move down the stairs. As the light source quickly moved, the rest of us were being covered in darkness. It felt like we were going to be consumed by something if we didn't stay in the light.

As the four of us moved forward, Gary led the way and behind him was Monk, then Jasmine and I brought up the rear. I wanted to keep it this way in case Jasmine decided to make a break for it.

While walking down the stairs I noticed that we weren't heading straight down. The stairs were spiral-shaped heading downwards with the wall to our right.

We cautiously proceeded down as many of the stairs were broken and we didn't know how far the stairs went.

Eventually, after ten minutes had passed we had reached the bottom. The stairs lead to a circular room. We walked around the circular room until we came across a giant iron door. We continued to see if there was anything else, but all we could find was the iron door.

"Well, I guess this is the only way," Gary said.

"Why is there no one in here?" Jasmine wondered.

"What do you mean?" Monk asked.

"Don't you think they would have more guards in here? And what about the guards out front?"

We were probably all thinking the same thing. I still thought that Jasmine had set up a trap for us three and that's why they were no guards but even she was questioning it now.

Gary decided to ignore her and pushed the iron door open. We had no choice but to quickly follow as Gary was our only light source.

When I closed the iron door behind us, a line of orange lights on both sides of the wall started to light up. The lights were similar to the crystal Gary currently held in his hand. The room wasn't fully lit but finally, we were able to see what was in front of us.

The room we were currently in was as big as the Avrion academy training ground. What surprised us there were many beds on the ground. As if a whole army had set up base here underground. Along with the beds, there were also plates, knives, forks, and a few items of clothing.

But there was not another soul in sight.

"What do you think happened here?" Gary asked.

"It looks like a campsite of some sort?" Monk gathered.

"Maybe they were hiding down here" Jasmine supposed.

If they were hiding, what were they hiding from? I thought to myself.

With the room now dully lit, Gary had put his crystal stone away. We all split up and decided to search the area to see if we could find anything.

Then Monk shouted "Over here! There's another door."

Monk would yell every once in a while so we knew his location. Eventually we all arrived at the iron door. It was a huge iron door that was nearly the same size as the mansion which was around 30 meters tall and 10 meters wide.

"Did you try to open it?" Gary asked.

"No just in case there was something behind it," Monk replied.

Gary then went over and tried to push the door open. First he tried to just use his hands. The door didn't move an inch. Then Gary took a small run up and jumped at the door leading with his shoulder.

*Bang*

Still, no movement from the door.

"Well are you guys just going to stand there and stare or are you going to try help?" Gary impatiently asked.

"I thought you had it?" Jasmine said.

Gary Monk and Jasmine tried pushing the door, while I wanted to get a better look from further away to see if there was anything I could spot. Even with the strength of the three of them, the door didn't move. Gary tried attacking it with his sword Ki, but it didn't even leave a white scratch mark on it.

"What's this thing made out of?" Gary wondered.

Jasmine started to look at the centre of the door where she could see a giant circle in the middle of it. "It must be locked, either that or it weighs a ton."

Even if the door did weigh a ton, our combined Ki energy should have been enough to push the door open. Gary and his sword Ki would have sliced a regular iron door as well.

Monk still had goosebumps appearing all over his body, "I really think we should go. Clearly whoever made that door doesn't want us in there, or it's keeping something in that they don't want out."

"We can't go!" Gary shouted. "I can feel it, we're so close! Something from inside is calling out to me."

"But we can't go any further without getting this door opened first," Jasmine pointed out.

Gary wasn't the only one who didn't want to turn back. I too wanted to see what was behind that door. Since we had come down here this whole place had been mysterious. Why didn't my dragon powers work beyond the red door?

While we were underground I tried to activate the skill multiple times. The dragon eyes skill would activate but not allow me to see anything. It was better just to use my ordinary eyesight.

While the three continued to argue about whether to stay a little while longer or turn back, I decided to approach the door and see if there was anything they had missed.

I placed my hand on the centre of the door where a line ran down the middle. Then a notification screen appeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68: Obsessed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the system message popped up, I couldn't help but think that I was on to something. There were two reasons why the system message could have shown up. The system had some sort of mind of its own and when it was able to do things related to me it would offer its help.

Or perhaps this was all related to the system somehow. That behind this door I would find the answers I was looking for. Where did the system come from? Why did I turn into a human? Whatever it was I had to keep moving forward.

As I selected yes, a mechanical sound could be heard as if gears were grinding against each other inside the door. The giant iron door then started to split open and pull backwards.

"How did he…?" Jasmine stood awestruck as she was watching the door open.

Gary threw his fist in the air.

"I knew you were special Ray!"

"What did you do?" Jasmine asked.

"I don't know…I just touched it and it started to open?"

As the doors finally opened behind the giant iron gate, all we could see was darkness again. Gary once again took the lead while using his light crystal. We seemed to be in a giant cavern. It was so big that the illumination provided by the crystal wasn't enough for us to see the ceiling or the side of the walls.

We had been walking in a straight direction for about fifteen minutes and till Monk said, "I think we should really turn back; something feels wrong down here."

"Stop being a crybaby. We have to be close to finding something," Gary scolded.

"Don't you feel it though? As we go further down, the darkness is feeling stronger."

Jasmine was starting to look worried as well, "I agree I think we've come far enough. We can always get more light crystals and come back next time. It will make it easier for us to explore."

Gary looked like he was getting frustrated at the two of them. "Look you two can go back if you want but I'm carrying on. Whatever is down here has been calling to me."

Gary continued to walk forward and as he did it seemed as if the dark shadows started to creep around Monk and Jasmine. They both knew that they had no choice but to follow Gary as he was the only light source they currently had.

As we continued on moving, we heard a cracking sound. One of us had stepped on something. As well looked down to see what it was, we could see that Monk had stepped on a fairly large white object. Monk quickly jumped off it and we all scurried closer to take a look.

"Is.. that a skull" Monk said shaking.

The skull was three times the size of a human skull and it looked like it had been down here for a long time.

"I don't think it's human its far too big, most likely a magical beast," Jasmine noted.

"Doesn't that mean there are magical beats down here? I don't think anything down here would be of the basic tier." Monk said.

"Oh will you guys relax, that thing looks like it's been dead for a long time. What we saw outside was probably the exploration team. The knights have probably already cleared the whole area of a magical beast."

What Gary had said made sense, the only thing that didn't to me was the giant iron door. If someone didn't have access to the system like me, how would they be able to access this area? Had the door always been there or had it been built later on?

Finally, we had reached an open round chamber. The chamber had many large openings. The whole thing looked complicated. It was as if we were in some large giant-sized ant nest. In front of a few of the holes were iron bars similar to a prison cell. The iron bars had been bent to the side as if something had pulled them apart.

"Do you see those bars? Does that mean whatever was behind it escaped?" Monk worried.

Jasmine was now sweating. She was truly frightened. "Look I think that's enough exploring we don't even know how far we've gone."

"Then just go!" Gary exclaimed.

"Gary don't you see those bars have been broken? It could mean the criminals have escaped or maybe even something worse."

"You don't think I don't know that? I could never get another chance to come down here. We're risking everything to be here right now. If a knight were to find out about this, we would all be kicked out of the Avrion."

"You're crazy! Give me the light stone I'm heading back now!" Jasmine fumed.

"Ray, you have to help us!" Monk pleaded.

I didn't know why Gary was so adamant on exploring here. I had already seen enough. I was happy to come back at a later time on my own. If I was to face something that I couldn't handle down here it would be the end for me. It would be better to come back instead when I was stronger.

I didn't say anything but the three of us started to move towards Gary. As he saw this his grip got tighter on the light crystal and he started to back away from us towards one of the holes.

"Ray you too. You guys don't understand we just need to go a little further."

As Gary continued to back up towards the hole, the light crystal allowed us to see inside it.

Our faces dropped and we all quickly pulled out our weapons. Gary pulled out his sword pointing it towards us.

"I didn't think you guys would go this far!" he shouted.

Then he heard a nasty deep snort sound from behind him.

As Gary turned around the light crystal allowed him to see what was standing behind him. It was around ten feet tall with sharp white teeth and two big white horns. With the bottom of its legs as hooves but it's the body the shape of a human, it was the magical beast known as a Minitour.

A king tier creature.

******

Note on monster tiers so far, lowest to highest we have seen! There are more.

Basic tier: Wolf, Fanged boar, Sharp worm ect...

intermediate tier: Black wolf, Giant fanged boar ect....

Advanced tier: Drop bear King

King tier: Minitour

We have also seen a super tier crystal but no creatures for it yet. So won't tell you where that is on the chart.

If the shadow plague infects one of the creatures, then it will promote one or two ranks up. So the drop bear king was Advanced tier but an infection by the shadow plague makes it as powerful as a King tier.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69: An old friend
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary quickly turned around to see what was behind him but the minotaur was already swinging his fist towards him. Gary managed to lift his sword just in time to block the attack. Although he managed to block the attack, it was useless. Gary had been sent flying to the point where we could no longer see him. As Gary was flying through the air, he had managed to throw his light crystal on the ground towards us.

The situation was bad. Gary had been flung outside of the light's reach, making him lost in the darkness. It was hard for us to say how hurt he was. Luckily, Gary had thrown the light into the middle of the chamber allowing us to at least see the beast. A King tier was too hard for us right now. Even with the four of us together there was little chance of defeating the beast. The lighting conditions were against us and my dragon eyes skill was useless.

The minotaur suddenly looked over towards us. Without giving us time to think it came charging. Monk and I quickly used our shadow step skill to dodge and hide from the minotaur. When we turned around, we noticed Jasmine hadn't moved a single step. She was covered in sweat and was paralyzed with fear.

"Jasmine move!" Monk shouted.

Jasmine managed to snap out of it and saw the minotaur attempting to grab her but it was too late. The minotaur had her tightly gripped in its hand and began squeezing her. The sound of her bones creaking could be heard through the chamber. Her screams were almost deafening.

Then I saw a small figure jump up to the minotaur's hand and with two daggers it stabbed right into the back of its hand. It was Monk. I couldn't believe the person who was most scared out of all of us had already moved in to save Jasmine.

The minitour released its vice grip on Jasmine, allowing her to fall to the floor. The enraged minotaur's focus was now centred on Monk. The minotaur would swing at monk, but Monk was too fast and agile for the creature, ducking and weaving avoiding every attack.

Jasmine was still on the floor. It looked like she was too injured to move. The minotaur seemed to be getting more and more frustrated at Monk. Suddenly, it stopped swinging at Monk. Now between its two horns, it looked like little bolts of electricity were gathering. The electricity between its horns started to get bigger and bigger.

Just then, Gary had appeared from the direction he was thrown from. His left arm was completely misshaped, twisting in a way that was unnatural. It was definitely broken.

He shouted, "Watch out! It's an elemental attack, get out of there Monk!"

Monk heeded Gary's warning and immediately dashed towards us. For some reason, it seemed like while the beast was gathering its electricity, it was unable to move. At the same time, we all had the sudden realization that Jasmine was still lying on the ground only a few feet away from the minotaur. The minotaur's attack was definitely still in range.

Jasmine could see that the minotaur was gathering its strike. She tried her best to crawl over towards us. With a panicked expression, Gary tried rushing over save her, but Monk got in his way.

"We have to save her!" Gary exclaimed.

"It's too late! Do you want us all to die?!" Monk shouted.

Gary knew Monk's words were true, but he couldn't help but curse at himself for how weak he felt.

The electricity now had stopped gathering between the horns of the beast and now was sparking off of its whole body. Spotting Jasmine desperately crawling away, the beast started to move towards her. It lifted both of its hands and slammed them into the ground.

With a thunderous crack, dust and rocks were flung everywhere. It was as if lightning had just struck the ground. When the dust finally settled, we could see the minotaur standing in a crater about 4 meters wide.

"Where's Jasmine!" Gary shouted.

"Her body must have been smothered to dust," Monk said struggling to hold his tears back.

"Jasmine's fine," I said.

Monk and Gary then turned towards me and noticed a giant black-furred wolf by my side. The wolf was the same size as an adult tiger and had a large horn on its forehead. Then the two of them noticed something else. The wolf currently had Jasmine on its back.

"How.... why is this magical beast helping us?" Monk wondered.

While the minotaur was gathering its electric powers, I had summoned Noir to my side. Now was not the time to keep any secrets. I needed to use my full strength if there was any chance of us getting out of here alive.

"There's no time to explain. You just have to know it's on our side! Noir, take Jasmine somewhere safe."

Noir quickly ran to a safe distance, gently laid Jasmine down, then quickly returned to our side. The minotaur currently still had electricity pulsing across its body, meaning it was still dangerous.

"I'm going to grab it. You need to hide for now and when the time is right, use all the power you can to kill the thing," I ordered.

"Did you see what it did to the ground? You won't be able to handle it."

"Just trust me!"

The two of them then disappeared into the shadows while Noir had run off somewhere to hide as well. Currently, the minotaur's attention was all on me just as I wanted.

I started to gather Ki inside my body. It was the most I had ever gathered before, but it wasn't going to be enough.

The last time I had used mana, it nearly resulted in my death. However, I was a lot stronger now. With the addition of mana, the Ki size increased. I then activated as many cells as I could in my hands making them as hard as possible.

The minotaur then began to charge at me headfirst. Its speed was incredible. It seemed like the lightning properties had also given it a boost.

Then when the minotaur was a foot away from me with its horns about to pierce my face, I grabbed hold of both of its horns as tightly as I could. Unable to counter the minotaur's immense strength and momentum, I continued to be pushed back. Lightning strikes were constantly coursing through my body sending waves of intense pain, but I knew whatever I did I couldn't let go.

The minotaur charged forward until finally my body was slammed into the wall. The minotaur had stopped moving.

"Now, everyone attack!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70: Getting Stronger
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I held onto the minotaur's horns as tightly as I could. Blood started to trickle down the side of my mouth. Like a heartbeat, every so often electric shocks were being sent through my body. I couldn't hold on for much longer.

The minotaur dug its arms and legs into the ground, using its full strength to pin me further into the wall with its massive horns. Luckily, the minotaur's arms were quite short making it unable to reach me.

Just then, Gary, Monk and Noir appeared from behind it. They jumped on its back and started to climb towards its neck. Gary used his full strength with sword Ki to penetrate the minotaur's thick neck, but instead, his blade completely shattered.

Monk was next with his two daggers. He was using Ki in his legs, enabling him to build up as much speed as possible before he struck. He too went for the neck as it looked like the softest place on the beast. With one swift motion, Monk drove his blades towards the beast's nape, but his daggers were reflected back not even leaving a mark.

The last attempt was made by Noir. Noir managed to sink her teeth into the beast neck, but the beast didn't even seem to react. Eventually, a pulse of electricity ran through the minotaur's body, shocking both Noir and I and causing Noir to instinctively release her grip and retreat from the pain.

"We have to run!" Gary shouted!

"We can't even hurt the thing." Monk remarked.

To be honest, I was surprised the two of them didn't bolt the second the plan didn't work. What was making them stay here? Clearly, we were outclassed and there wasn't a chance we were going to survive this. If they left now, I wouldn't even blame them.

"The second I let go of its horns, it will pierce my body. You two just leave now. Let Noir take you out of here!" I shouted.

"We can't do that! We are all getting out of here alive. This is all my fault to begin with…I was the one who brought us here." Gary insisted.

Gary and Monk then quickly tried to gather their Ki and body slam into the beast hoping it would fall over. When they collided into the minotaur, it felt like they were trying to move a mountain. The beast didn't budge. Another pulse of electric current ran through its body, sending Monk and Gary flying in the air.

The two of them quickly recovered and gave it another attempt.

Watching those two repeat the same thing over and over made an odd feeling rush over me. They didn't deserve to die in a hole like this. There were many humans that deserved a death like this but not those two.

"YES!" I shouted.

Suddenly notification screens started to resound like crazy.

.....

"YES!" I repeated.

Suddenly, the mana started to supplement my Ki causing it to grow bigger. I began transferring the newly acquired Ki into my hands. As I was getting stronger, the minotaur's electrical pulses felt like they were getting weaker.

Eventually, it seemed like I was winning in this tug of war with the minotaur. I was able to start pushing it back.

"Hey, are you seeing what I'm seeing?" Gary said.

"Yeah, for some reason it looks like the minotaur's getting weaker."

Despite its weakened appearance, the minotaur's physical strength hadn't actually decreased. The use of mana drain had siphoned the beast's mana and I was using that to strengthen my Ki.

Just when it looked like I was gaining the upper hand, the minotaur bucked its head towards the sky, causing me to lose grip and fly into the air. Before my body touched the ground, Noir leaped into the air and caught me, bringing me towards Monk and Gary.

There was a big problem now, I could no longer move. I had been paralyzed from the repeated jolts of electricity sent coursing through my body. The only thing that had kept me going was the mana from the minotaur. Now that I was no longer holding onto the beast, I could feel every bone and cell in my body screaming with pain.

Another snort drew our attention as we noticed the minotaur seemed to have regained some of its electrical powers back.

"We have to leave. Let's just go down one of the holes." Gary said as he indicated the closest one.

We made a break for one of the holes in the chamber with Noir carrying me on her back, but the minotaur saw through our intention and dashed over to block it before we could even make it halfway. The minotaur's speed was vastly superior in its electrically empowered state.

Sprinting on all fours, the minotaur then charged towards us. We all closed our eyes, accepting our inevitable fate.

*Clash*

The room began to shake as if two giants had just crashed into each other. The three of us slowly started to open our eyes. We assumed another beast had come to fight over a free meal.

But what we saw was a human figure. He had a black scimitar held in his hand and a light black leather armour set. You could tell it was forged using beast crystals as every piece looked like it came from a different magical beast. Hi boots made from fur, his chest piece from the hide of a beast.

"Sir K!" Monk shouted.

With unreal speed, Sir K had blinked between us and the minotaur and halted its charge with his scimitar. In a swift, fluid motion, he removed his blade from its horns and slashed down cutting one of the minotaur's horns clean off. The minotaur let out a bloodcurdling roar and reaching down to grasp Sir K by the leg. Unable to react in time, Sir K was swept up and slammed into the ground. Blood shot out from Sir K's mouth.

Seizing the opportunity, Sir K managed to slice one of the minotaur's fingers off, forcing it to let go of his leg. The dexterity Sir K was displaying was impeccable. He needed to have the exact control and strength to pull back at the right time, otherwise he would have sliced his own leg off.

The minotaur reeled back slightly and began charging at Sir K, harnessing its electric power to bolster its speed by a substantial degree. As the beast made contact with Sir K's body, it appeared to phase right through him. The minotaur stopped, also confused by what just happened.

What we thought was Sir K's body was an after image. Sir K was already on the beast's back. Before the minotaur could notice what had happened, Sir K brought his blade down slicing the beast's head clean off.

As the beast's head rolled to the floor, Sir K averted his attention from the beast and started walking towards us.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71: Expelled?!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I couldn't believe my eyes. The beast we were all struggling to deal with had been defeated. The black scimitar had to be a beast crystal weapon of a high tier to be able to slice through the minotaur's hide. All our weapons, even with the use of Ki, were practically useless.

There was one more thing that had happened as soon as the beast had been slain. I received another notification.

Mana eater was a skill similar to mana drain. Where mana drain consumed the mana of beasts and people, mana eater consumed their elemental attributes. An example of this would be the minotaur. The minotaur had an elemental attribute of lightning. If I were to touch the minotaur, it would allow me to strengthen my lightning-based skills.

Although this seemed pretty useless as I currently had no skills that required elemental attributes.

I had a few theories of my own on how I could use this skill, but there was no time to worry about that.

At the moment, there was something else we had to worry about. Sir K was currently heading towards us and none of us knew how he would react. The rules were clear: no one was allowed to enter the red door unless given explicit permission. The punishment was immediate expulsion from the academy.

Sir K walked up to the three of us. His chest piece had several streaks of blood on it from the fight.

"As soon as you arrived, the horned wolf ran away sir," I said.

While Sir K was busy fighting the minotaur, I had unsummoned Noir. I gathered enough strength to now stand on my two feet. I could perhaps come up with an excuse for Gary and the others about Noir, but if a master knight were to find out, it would create a whole heap of problems.

Sir K handed each of us a light crystal and strode over to where Jasmine was laying. He threw her over his shoulder and simply said, "Follow me."

Sir K started to head back in the direction we had come from without saying a word to any of us. I could see that this was just making Monk more nervous until he finally blurted out.

"Are we going to be expelled from the academy?"

Sir K stopped walking and turned around. He looked at each of us closely examining our bodies.

"You are all lucky enough to still be alive, never mind being expelled from the academy. For some reason, the beast didn't have much magical power left otherwise even I would have struggled greatly."

"Does that mean…" Monk was still clearly worried about being expelled.

Sir K sighed.

"In any normal case you would be expelled on the spot. But honestly, we need knights like you guys. To be able to survive against a king class beast, you are all really special. It would be a waste to expel such excellent students as you four. We shall keep this a secret between us."

"how did you know we were down here?" Gary asked.

I was quite interested in this question too. I had my suspicions of Jasmine, but looking at her now it was hard to imagine it was her.

"The lurker informed me."

"Who's the lurker?" Gary asked.

"You students have learned too many secrets for one day. Once we pass the red doors, not a word to anyone. Even with my position, there is only so much I can do."

We carried on walking until we eventually reached the giant iron door. Sir K stopped again.

"Which one of you opened this door?"

Before the others could answer, I quickly said

"It was open when we got here." I looked at the others and they quickly understood that I wanted to keep this a secret.

Sir k then told us to wait on the other side of the doors. We weren't able to see what he was doing, but the giant iron doors started to close. He briskly ran through the doors before they shut, locking and resetting until they appeared like we had first encountered.

As we began to walk off, I heard a soft gentle voice.

"Come back when you are stronger."

Judging by everyone's reaction, I was the only one who had heard the voice. I carried on walking to not raise any suspicion. The voice was a familiar one. It was the same one as I had heard in my dream.

After heading back up the spiral stairway, we finally reached the red door. There were still no guards like when we had first arrived. Sir K put a new lock on the door so it looked like we had never broken in. He then handed Jasmine over to us and instructed us to take her to the hospital. He also recommended the rest of us get checked up at the hospital as well.

Before Sir K could leave, Gary had one last thing to ask.

"Do you think we could perhaps have the minotaur's beast crystal?"

Sir K had extracted the beast crystal as soon as he had defeated the beast. I was hoping the system would have obtained the crystal, but luck wasn't on my side today.

"This is my prize. I didn't get injured just for you little twerps."

After that, Sir K was enveloped by shadows and disappeared from our sight.

We did as Sir K instructed and went straight to the hospital to get checked up. Jasmine was still unconscious and we were told she would have to stay there for a few days. Gary had to wear a cast while waiting for his arm to heal. Monk had been hurt the least out of all of us, getting away with a few burn marks here and there.

I, on the other hand, had a peculiar experience at the hospital. Originally when I checked in at the hospital, they said that I needed to stay a few days similar to Jasmine. Although I didn't have any serious superficial wounds, they said there were many internal injuries they needed to be taken care of. After a few hours had passed, the doctors ran a few more tests and were baffled by the results: no internal injuries. They just chalked it up to faulty medical supplies used during the initial inspection and after a day or two, I was free to go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72: A Goal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Monk and Gary decided to keep me company in the hospital for a couple of days. Although the doctors said I was fine, they still wanted to do extra check-ups just to be sure. After a few days, Jasmine had woken up. We decided to go check up on her to see if she was okay. Gary was especially insistent. He felt bad about the whole thing and even apologised to Monk and me many times.

When we entered the room, Jasmine was fully awake and wasn't covered in badges or anything but couldn't move well. The doctor told us that she had a few broken ribs that would take a bit longer to heal before she was free to leave.

"How are you holding up?" Monk asked, eyeing her bandages with concern.

"I'm okay. I can't really remember what happened though…I thought I was dead."

We then told her everything with the exception of Noir, that Sir K had come and saved us, and that we weren't going to be expelled from the academy. I asked Gary and Monk to keep Noir a secret. I told them I had learned to use magic and could summon a pet. That if Avrion ever found out about my abilities they would make me transfer to Roland academy. Summoning or having beast wasn't rare, but it was a thing linked to mages. This satisfied their curiosity and they stopped asking about it.

After a few moments of pondering the recounted events, Jasmine's eyes narrowed as she asked, "How did Sir K know we were there?"

Gary paused a moment and responded, "He said something about 'the Lurker' had told him. Do you know who that is?"

Jasmine was quiet for a while before she decided to answer.

"The lurker is a myth between students at the academy. Apparently, he's someone who is always hiding in the shadows and protects the students from any dangers or reports anyone who breaks the rules."

Although I would have liked to believe this Lurker character existed, whenever I used my dragon eyes skill there was no appearance of someone hiding in the academy. There was currently only one person who could avoid my detection and that was Sir K himself. Perhaps he knew of this myth between students and thought it was a good cover up for the real person who had informed him.

After verifying Jasmine was all okay, we decided to leave her be and get back to our dorms. After all, we had been gone a few days and the others were probably wondering what had happened to us.

As expected, when we arrived at the dorm everyone was wondering where we had gone. We simply told them that we had been in an accident during our special black sash training. It explained why the three of us were gone and also explained Gary's cast. Kyle didn't believe us and kept pestering us about it. Of course, he knew we weren't telling the truth because he also was a black sash. In the end, Sir K reaffirmed our story so he decided to drop it.

Nights were more peaceful as Gary's nightmares had subsided. I too stopped having dreams about the red door. Nevertheless, I decided that I would attempt to go down there again once I was stronger.

Lying in bed for the last three days had given me time to sort out my thoughts on our previous excursion. Noir was surprisingly helpful in battle and her speed was amazing. It would be beneficial to improve Noir with crystals as fast as possible. The next thing on my mind was beast crystal weapons. I needed to get my hands on one of these.

After seeing how effective Sir K's weapon was against the minotaur and how ineffective our weapons were, I needed one for myself. The problem was I needed money and a specific type of beast crystal that could be changed into a weapon.

*****

I was currently in the martial arts hall training with the old man. He hadn't asked me why I was missing for a few days but was just happy to see I was alright. We were currently practising my three fighting forms. The first form was just me with a standard blade. This mainly concentrated on me focusing on attack power by infusing my Ki into the sword to make it as fast and as powerful as possible. My second from was the beast form. While I was on all fours, my attacks were faster and less predictable. And lastly, my martial form.

This form was well balanced between the two. I would carry the blade in my mouth while also using my fists for martial arts skills. It was a perfect balance allowing me to block well and still strike when needed. The only problem with this form was if someone's Ki was more powerful than mine, my hands would not be hard enough, making their blade slice right through. Presently, I wasn't worried about that. With the minotaur's mana now added to mine, I had a total of ten mana points.

These mana points could be added to my Ki, so I had an abnormal amount compared to other students my age.

I was currently fighting against the old man using my martial form. He was teaching me new techniques to use in close combat.

"Good, good" the old man said. "I think you will soon be ready for the upcoming tournament."

"The upcoming tournament?" I said confused.

"Do you not remember? It's the tournament between all the students to decide who will attend the All Kingdom Tournament."

With everything that had been going on, I had completely forgotten about it. The tournament was due to start in a couple of months. The tournament included all the second-year students as well as the third-year students. The top five combatants would be allowed to then further complete in the all kingdom tournament which included fighters from all over the continent.

"As a student of mine, I'm hoping that you will at least be in the top ten."

"I think I need some new equipment first" I pointed out.

The old man looked me up and down. Currently, I had no beast gear equipment at all. The third-year students had a huge advantage over the second-year students due to the fact that they had been hunting for a year longer than us. This gave them many chances to encounter different beasts and obtain all sorts of equipment.

"I think I have something you might like." The old man said with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73: Sneaking out
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The old man had gone to the other room that was attached to the side of the martial arts hall. The room that, since I had been here, had assumed it was the restroom due to the noxious odour wafting from under the door. It turned out that is was actually a storage room. After around ten minutes of idly twiddling my thumbs listening to the occasional grunt, curse, and crash of what I can only assume was an item that held some importance shattering on the ground, the old man burst out and shouted,

"Ah, here they are!"

He was holding a pair of fairly large gauntlets. They were red in colour with a turtle-like pattern. The fingertips were pointed like small daggers with black tips.

"Finally, I knew I still had these around here. You can borrow these in the meantime. Heck, you can even keep them if you give me what they're worth." The old man then handed them to me.

As I held the gauntlets in my hand, I could feel they had a weight to them. The design made me suspect that they were beast crystal items. Beast crystal items often resembled the animal they had come from. In this case, it looked like it came from a turtle-like creature.

As I scrutinized the gauntlets, the old man was impatiently tapping his feet, excitement exuding from his eyes. "Well, are you just going to stare at them or put them on?"

When I slipped both the gauntlets on, they seemed to be a little big for my arm size. Without warning, the gauntlets gripped around my forearm and fingers. They started to reform and shrink down until they fit nice and snug. It was as if they were hand made for my arms.

"They look good on you boy. Unfortunately, they're only intermediate tier crystal items. If I let you borrow anything higher tier then that, it wouldn't be fair to the others."

"Thank you, I promise to repay you for this in the future."

Although the old man said some might see this as unfair, I thought it was totally fine. There would be many participants at the tournament from all sorts of different backgrounds. Would people think it was unfair of nobles gifting their child equipment? I could understand where the old man was coming from though especially since he was an elder of the academy. They might think he was playing favourites.

With the gauntlets in my hands, I was eager to test them out. I sparred with the old man for a good while, getting a feel for them. It was a shame I couldn't use my full strength. Otherwise, I think the two of us could have had a good match.

The gauntlets' strength was on par with my Ki-empowered hands. If I was to infuse the gauntlets with Ki, they would become even stronger. The sharp fingertips allowed me to use them as claw-like weapons. And their sturdiness allowed them to double as a shield and weapon.

Because of how strong the gauntlets were already, it allowed me to focus my Ki on other areas. Before I could only focus on either attacking or defending. Now I could do both.

At this point, all I needed to do was save up some money so I could get the blacksmith to create a chest piece out of the fanged boar. It seemed like I would soon have a fine set of armour for myself.

******

After training had finished and the evening came, I meandered to my favourite spot in the academy: the roof. I wore my hooded cloak and the black sash around my neck. Why was I wearing all this? Well, because tonight I had a plan.

Tomorrow was our rest day where students were free to do what they wanted. Four days a week of training and one rest day before hunting on Saturday and one rest day after. I was eager to test out the true strength of the gauntlets and wanted to get my hands on some intermediate crystals.

Although we would go hunting on the weekends, we would be stuck mostly hunting basic tier beasts and that was pretty much useless to me now apart from selling their crystal cores.

After draining the mana of the minotaur, I now had ten points to add to my Ki. If I focused this on my shadow skills, then it would allow me to cover myself and one other person. After witnessing Noir's amazing speed, I had come up with an idea. If I was to use my shadow skills on Noir and me, we would be able to swiftly sneak past the guards without being seen.

I tested my theory while walking around the city a few times and it seemed like no one had noticed. After all, the black sash knights were rare in the first place so not many people knew how to detect them or what to look out for when someone was using these skills.

I summoned Noir and the big black horned wolf appeared by my side. I mounted Noir and activated the shadow skill. Black shadows started to appear and surround Noir and me until we eventually blended in. It worked even better at night.

Noir set off like a bullet hopping from building to building till eventually, we had reached the City wall. Without any hesitation, Noir jumped from the top of the wall and landed on the ground. Despite the great height Noir jumped from, he wasn't hurt. As Noir ran off into the distance away from the guards. I used my dragon eyes skill to see if anyone was making a fuss.

My dragon eyes skill could now reach a great distance ever since my body had evolved into that of a dragon knight. As I looked into the distance, it was as I had expected. No one had noticed anything at all. The knights on the wall had only felt an odd gust of wind pass by them…nothing to be suspicious about.

The shadow skill wasn't perfect. It would often distort the area it was being used in. But with it being night time and Noir's fast speed, we were practically invisible.

With this, it was time to go out hunting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74: The foothills
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They were currently three hunting grounds near Avrion city that were safe enough for the second-year students to hunt in: the forest, the foothills and the swamp. Although there were more hunting grounds than this, like the caves right next to the city, they were far more dangerous. After what had happened with the red door incident, I wanted to play it safe for a while.

The forest was full of bugs. Although they were weak, they travelled in groups. I currently had no attacks that affected more than one target so a group of intermediate beasts might be hard to deal with. The swamp had a larger variety of creatures but was hard to utilize Noir's speed. That left us with the foothills. The foothills were a bunch of small hills that lead to a mountain top. This area was rumoured to contain the strongest of creatures out of the three.

With the destination decided, we set off into the direction of the foothills. Noir's speed was amazing. What would take an hour to travel by foot would take ten minutes for Noir. I felt like I had made the right decision in Noir's evolutionary process. I couldn't wait to see Noir's growth potential in the future.

As if she was agreeing with my thoughts, Noir barked slightly.

I had never needed to give Noir commands. As soon as I thought of something, Noir did it. It was as if Noir could read my mind. I then felt sorry for the beast. It had quite a high level of intelligence but I rarely got to take it out.

"In the future when I don't need to hide things anymore, I promise I'll take you out more."

Noir barked again in response. She seemed happy.

Finally, the view of a huge mountain piercing the clouds came into sight. The mountain was covered in white snow but just below were several mounds with trees and caves were the beasts dwelled. As we reached the first hill, I unmounted from Noir and we both decided to walk at a slow pace.

There was no need for me to bring a light crystal out with me as it would only attract attention from the magical beasts. Noir's eyesight was good in the dark and I had my dragon eyes skill. As I used my dragon eyes skill, I could see several red life forces, but one of them worried me the most. At the top of the mountain past the clouds, perhaps at the peak of the mountain, there was an incredibly strong life force. The strongest I had sensed so far, perhaps even stronger than the minotaur.

Students were taken here several times to hunt, so the beast at the top of the mountain most likely didn't bother with humans. It seemed I would be safe as long as I didn't enter its section of the mountain.

The foothills were covered in snow as well making it hard to move. I wouldn't be able to use most of my black sash knight skills that required footwork so would have to rely on brute strength.

Currently, I was heading towards a cave on top of the hills. On the way there, we met several beasts called a Qiqrin. This beast was the same size as a dog but was bold all over apart from its feat ears and snout. It was odd-looking. They were fast but Noir made quick work of them taking them out in one bite.

The system seemed to no longer notify me of about obtaining basic tier crystals. Perhaps it was because I had already maxed out on basic tier points. I still carved the crystal cores out as I could still sell them.

Finally, we reached the top of one of the hills. I saw a cave a few hundred feet out in the distance and what looked like a white bear standing in front of it. The bear itself was slightly bigger than Noir. As soon as the bear had spotted us, it began running towards us.

"Noir, don't do anything. I want to see how strong I've gotten."

I looked at the bear which was now around ten feet away from me.

"If you hadn't attacked me first, I would have given you a painless death since I am the intruder."

The bear then went up on its back two legs and pounced at me. I smashed my two fists together and grabbed both of the bear's paws. The bear then suddenly realised that my strength was far greater than its. The bear attempted to pull away, but my gauntlets' black fingertips had sunk into the bear's hands.

I let go of one of the bear's paws and with my now free hand punched the bear in the stomach causing a hole to form. The bear then fell to the ground.

I smiled; I was happy. Intermediate beasts used to be a struggle for me to fight but now I had defeated one without getting a single scratch. Although I was happy with my improvement so far, I was still behind others like Sir K and the minotaur.

The system finally had given me a message. It looked like my luck was about to change.

We carried on hunting around the foothills meeting two more bears. I let Noir face one of the bears on her own. The bear's attacks were slow, but Noir also couldn't do any fatal damage. After around ten minutes of fighting, I finally stepped in and dealt with the bear myself. Noir looked a bit upset by this but I explained to her we didn't have the time.

It was an expected result. Noir was an intermediate beast like the bear, and she hadn't absorbed any more crystals after evolving, so she was just like every other magical beast.

After that, the hunt was complete. We now had a total of 16 basic tier crystals and 3 intermediate tier crystals. Two of these crystals were obtained via the system and one had been carved out.

I let Noir absorb the first one bringing his points up to 8, while mine went up to 6. We started to head back to the academy before my roommates would become suspicious of my absence.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75: A thief
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As we got closer to the city walls of Avrion, I unsummoned Noir and put her away. The wall was far too high for her to scale. On the way out, we could leap from building to building, so there wasn't much height difference.

Although it was late, Avrion was a city had many merchants and cargo coming in and out of the city throughout the day. All I needed to do was wait for one of these people. As the gate opened, it was easy for me to sneak past the guards and enter.

I then went straight back to the academy and back to my room, slipping into my bed not making a sound.

The next morning, the others had noticed I had come back in the middle of the night. I often did what I wanted to so the others didn't question me. What they were surprised about were the two gauntlets I had brought back with me.

"When did you get these?" Gary asked.

"The old man gave them to me since I'm his only student. He wants me to do well in the upcoming tournament."

"Maybe I joined the wrong club" Gary muttered.

I could see some sadness in the eyes of Gary, Monk and Ian. They didn't come from wealthy families, so they didn't have any beast gear unlike Sylvia, Martha and Dan who came from affluent families and received support.

"Maybe you guys will be able to get something in the next hunt" I said.

Everyone seemed to cheer up a bit after that. The hunt was tomorrow and we were heading back to the forest. If I used my dragon eyes skills, perhaps I could lead them to an area where intermediate beast lived.

With that, it was now our rest day. The others decided to go play games or eat at a restaurant. I wanted to head to the blacksmith. I was hoping to get the fanged boar crystal changed into a chest piece. I know I had more than enough crystals to pay for it.

I went to the blacksmith area that was located inside the academy. As I entered the shop, the same scrawny man with glasses was standing at the counter.

"Hi there. Would you be able to tell me what this can be used for?" I handed him the white bear crystal. The man pulled out his circular lamp-like object and began to observe it.

"The Voli Bear crystal, this is an intermediate class," As the man said that, he looked at me up and down. "These bears are known for their tough defence. It can be used to turn into a shield."

The man then put his device away and started to stare at me.

"Are you going to actually buy anything or just going to get me to do free work?"

A shield was no use to me. I mainly used swords or my bare hands. I could trade the crystal to have work done on the fanged boar crystal but felt like that would be a waste. I then pulled out ten basic tier crystals and laid them out on the counter.

"Would you be able to turn this into the chest piece? You said you could last time." I was currently holding the fanged boar crystal in my hand.

The man looked and counted the ten crystals,

"You need another ten."

I looked at the man confused.

"You said last time that a basic crystal is worth a 100, and it would cost a 1000 to get the work done."

The man scoffed at me.

"Well the price has changed…you can take it or leave it."

The prices were set at student prices meaning the school didn't earn anything from it. The prices the man was currently charging were the same as if I was to go to a blacksmith outside of the academy. At this point, my blood was boiling. I wanted to punch the man and shove a crystal down his throat.

"Can I ask why has the price changed, or should I just report you?"

"Clearly someone like you wouldn't be able to get these crystals. They're stolen. The extra charge is for my silence."

This wasn't good. If the man did indeed tell the master knights, then they might question me on how I got the crystals in the first place. Even if they weren't stolen..how could I explain myself?

"Fine."

I then took out another ten basic crystals. The man was silenced, He stood still not knowing what to do.

"Here." I chucked the fanged boar crystal over to him. "Just do a good job."

The man then quickly gathered the crystals and went to the back of his room. The sound of metal clashing against each other could be heard. Heat was starting to emit from the room. While I waited for my chest piece to be done, the doorbell chimed signalling someone else had entered the shop.

"Oh, hi Ray what are you doing here?"

It was Sylvia. It turns out she was here looking for new equipment for the hunt tomorrow. I then told her what had happened between me and the man and she was furious.

"How could he do that? We're all students of the academy."

Slyvia then went storming behind the counter and into the room where the man was working. A few yells were heard between the two. When she finally got back out from the room, she had ten basic crystals in her hand.

"Here I got them back for you." She said smiling.

"Thank you" I graciously accepted the crystals back. Then a thought came to my mind. "Why don't you take this?" I handed Sylvia the Voli Bear crystal. "I don't need it. Think of it as a thank you for getting the crystals back."

Slyvia blushed

"I can't take this. This is worth a lot more than just ten crystals."

"Please, I really have no use for it."

After a while of back and forth, Sylvia eventually gave in and took the crystal. After a while of waiting, the chest piece was finally done.

The man came out holding a dark brown chest piece. It was plated with black metal and sets of fur between the cracks and openings. As I took the piece from the man, he bowed down and said,

"I'm sorry about everything sir. I didn't realise you were friends with the Heart family."

I looked over at Sylvia and she just smiled back at me.

With the armour piece now in my hands, I would be ready for anything tomorrow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76: Good Deed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was the same routine as last time. All the students were to meet at the city gate. We then got split into three sperate groups and each group went to a different area. Each group would hunt in the same area for a month before switching, so our group was heading to the forest again.

When we all met up, I could see that everyone's equipment had improved. Gary, Monk, Kyle and Ian now had basic tier beast equipment rather than standard equipment. Slyvia was using her own intermediate shield rather than the Voli bear crystal I gave her.

I didn't mind what she did with it. I gave it to her as a thank you for helping me out after all.

On the walk over to the forest, some of my roommates kept coming up to me and saying thank you.

"Ray I can't believe what you did. Thank you." Monk said.

"You're the best!" Kyle exclaimed.

"I knew you had a caring side," Gary said as he slapped me on the back.

"When I can, I'll pay you back." Big Ian said.

I was completely confused about what was happening. When I looked over, I could see Martha and Slyvia giggling away. I went over as I guessed they might have some idea of what was going on.

"Look at the big softie coming over," Martha said.

Martha then quickly left to walk by Monk, leaving me and Slyvia on our own.

"So I'm guessing this has something to do with you?" I asked

"Well remember that Voli crystal you gave me? I decided to sell it. I already had a good shield so I didn't need another one. Then I gave the money to the whole group."

"Okay, but then why are they thanking me?"

"Because it was your crystal duh. It was Martha's idea to say it was a gift from you and that you were too shy so you asked us to do it."

I stayed silent for a while. I wasn't annoyed because as I said, Slyvia was free to do what she wanted with the crystal. It was just awkward everyone thanking me for a good deed that I never intended to do. Although this also wasn't a bad thing, perhaps the others could owe me for this in the future.

Slyvia noticed the change in my demeanour as I contemplated how to use this situation to my advantage and mistook my concentration for anger. "You're not angry, are you?" She queried.

"No, you're the leader and you're just looking out for your group. I was just thinking it was the right decision to make you the leader. I would have never done something like that."

Slyvia started to blush and quickly scurried ahead of everyone else.

Just then, Gary came and knocked into me.

"Hey tell me…there isn't something going on between you and Slyvia is there?"

"What do you mean by going on?"

"Forget it man. You are denser than a plank of wood. Just don't forget about my sister okay?"

Gary's sister Amy was the first person who hadn't treated me like a monster. She was currently studying at Roland academy. I realised now that Slyvia reminded me a lot of Amy. I wonder how Amy is doing at Roland academy.

After an hour walk, we had finally reached the entrance of the forest. It was a shame I couldn't use Noir in this situation and gone up ahead.

Everything was a lot faster this time. Everyone already knew what groups they were in and there was no need for a long speech like before. Lancy simply stated the time to come back and we were off.

But just like last time, when passing Lancy he seemed to give me a sinister stare.

Our group entered the forest and started hacking away at the bugs that came towards us. It was a lot quicker than last time and Gary was in top shape now. After obtaining around ten basic crystals each, everyone seemed to be getting a little bored.

"This is too easy man" Gary shouted while slashing at a dragonfly coming towards him.

"Well, what do you guys want to do?" Slyvia asked.

When I entered the forest, I activated my dragon eyes and scouted most of the area out. There were many areas where groups of the intermediate beast were hunched together. Originally, I was afraid of big groups and wanted to wait until we were in a party like now. But after fighting the Voli bear, I was confident I would probably survive even fighting a group.

I stepped forward and said,

"If I can make a suggestion, last time when looking around I spotted a group of intermediate beasts. I didn't say anything last time because I was afraid we might not be strong enough. I can lead the way if you want."

"Hmm, it might be risky," Slyvia said.

"Oh come on, Slyvia. If there's any trouble, we can just run back. Plus you have the whistle remember?" Gary said.

"Okay let's have a vote. All those that want to go raise your hand."

Everyone their then raised their hand.

"Well, I guess that's a yes then."

Assuming the role of leader with Martha as the rear guard, we trekked through the forest towards the red auras I detected. After about 15 minutes, we neared our destination and I raised my fist signalling everyone to stop. We crouched behind nearby foliage and noticed a distinguishable hum of abnormally large wings beating.

Peering through the overgrown leafage, we spotted a swarm of 10 giant Hercules beetles. In contrast with the similarly sized giant ladybugs we previously encountered, the Hercules beetles exhibited two powerful pincers jutting out of their mouths. Despite their considerable stature, the beetles were able to perform aerial maneuvers with astounding speed and accuracy.

"Are you sure these are intermediate tier?" Dan hesitated.

Although I didn't personally perceive them as a threat, their auras indicated that they were indeed intermediate beasts.

Noticing how insignificantly I perceived the beetles, Sylvia chided me, "Don't underestimate your enemy, especially bugs. They are a lot smaller than other creatures, but they can make up for it with their strength, speed, or even poison."

In the spirit of safety, we decided to pair up and have each pair kill two beetles. Gary and I elected to exterminate four beetles instead.

The pairs were Dan and Slyvia, Martha and Monk, Ian and Kyle, and Gary and me.

Still crouched a short distance away from the Hercules beetles, Slyvia carefully monitored their movement.

Noticing a momentary gap in their clustered formation, Slyvia shouted,

"Now!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77: Ring of fire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Hercules beetles proved to be a worthy challenge for most of the party. The beetles' hard outer shell and rapid bursts of movement made them formidable opponents. However, their true strength lied in their forceps which were capable of crushing an average human's bones within seconds.

The most difficult part of this whole ordeal was disguising my true strength by acting like I was struggling. The beetles were nowhere near on par with my strength bolstered by the assimilated basic and intermediate tier crystals and siphoned mana. I decided to make the best out of this situation and improve my dexterity with the gauntlets. With one hand, I would block the beetle's pincer attack with the other hand swipe at their exoskeleton using the jagged black claws. This putt on quite a show. When I deemed enough time had passed, I infused my gauntlets with Ki and made quick work of the beetles.

I then turned my attention to Gary. It appeared he was faring quite well. Both beetles took turns attacking him from both sides, but their attacks ended up harming themselves as Gary would parry one beetle's pincers into the other. In spite of this ingenious tactic, Gary was getting frustrated because his Ki-infused sword was not strong enough to pierce the beetles' hard exoskeleton.

He patiently waited for both of the beetles to thrust their pincers towards his side. With impeccable timing, Gary dodged the thrusts and with the added momentum of his sword's strike, forced the beetles' pincers to impale each other, killing both of them in the process.

Martha and monk showed brilliant teamwork. Monk used his black sash footwork to weave between the beetles, catching their attention and luring them into Martha's range with her bow. Just before the outing, she had upgraded her bow to an intermediate quality enabling her arrows to pierce the outer shells of the beetles. However, the beetles were tough both inside and out. The arrows failed to fully penetrate the beetles, but rather got stuck in their shell. Monk followed up with fierce blows to the arrows, sinking them deeper into the beetles until they ceased to move.

Ian was locked into a stalemate with his beetle. The bug had Ian grappled between its forceps and was using all its might to crush him and pull him close enough to devour his head with its razor-sharp teeth. Ian, on the other hand, through sheer willpower and brute force was keeping the beetle at bay.

On the flip side, Kyle was all but useless. He avoided sustaining damage from the beetle relentlessly chasing him, but his attacks couldn't scratch the durable exoskeleton. Once Ian was able to overpower his opponent by ripping the beetle's forceps cleanly from its body and squashing the bug, he picked up the two forceps and wielded them like axes. Ian was proficient with axes and made quick work of Kyle's adversary.

Dan was doing unexpectedly well. He gave up on trying to spear his beetle and switched to the heavy stick we all tried to lift when we first met him. He swung it at the beetle like a baseball bat. Even if he couldn't pierce the beetle's shell, he could still bludgeon the thing to death. Eventually, yellow liquid began oozing from the cracks in the beetle's exoskeleton and it succame to its inevitable demise.

Last up was Slyvia. Her defences were flawless as she wielded her shield in such a way it rendered the beetle's attacks useless. The downside to her defensive prowess was her lack of offensive power. Despite her finesse and grace she displayed as she sent a flurry of attacks with her sword, the beetle's sturdy outer shell displayed no signs of damage. The beetle grew bored of the stalemate and ultimately left Slyvia in search of a less guarded foe. Martha had long since defeated her beetle and saw Slyvia's opponent flying off, so she quickly knocked an arrow and pinned its forcep to a tree. The rest of the group finished off the pinned beetle.

Martha perceived Slyvia's downcast demeanour and recognized it was due to her being one of the only people unable to best their foe. She wrapped an arm around Slyvia's shoulder and tried to encourage her.

"Don't worry about it. This just wasn't your type of beast. Plus, it's not like you couldn't beat it…you just need to upgrade your sword."

Slyvia sighed, "You're right. Come on let's gather the crystals."

Each pair had lured their beetles a fair distance away from each other to prevent any accidental collateral damage, but were still within viewing distance. The system had collected one of the intermediate crystals for me, so I only had to carve one out of the beetles.

After harvesting the crystals, we made our way back to Slyvia. But before we could congregate, a sudden creaking noise caught our attention. Gary and I jumped back as a falling tree came crashing down inches in front of us. We were separated from the rest of the group.

Before we could hurdle the fallen tree, it spontaneously lit ablaze. The fire spread to adjacent fallen trees which apparently made a full circle around Gary and me.

"Slyvia the whistle!" Martha snapped.

"I…it's broken." Slyvia cried with horror.

"Just go back and get help!" Gary ordered.

Gary hadn't ordered the group to return to the academy for help merely because of a small forest fire. Instead, there were three people that stood in front of us with high level beast equipment. They were covered head to toe in armour, each brandishing a different weapon. One had a sword in his hand while the other was spinning a chain with a blunt weight at the tip and the third one donned a pair of daggers.

They all had one thing in common: their faces were completely covered by a red mask with two slits for eyes. They were clearly the perpetrators of the fire and wanted to separate Gary and me from the rest of the group.

We didn't bother telling the group as it would only serve to worry them or worse yet, lose precious time trying to break us free instead of retrieving help from the academy.

"Do you think it's the dark guild?" Gary asked.

I scanned them with my Dragon eyes but they didn't show signs of being infected by the shadow plague.

"Whoever they are, they're strong."

The man with the sword began the assault with a leaping overhead strike. I lifted my left arm to block while readying my right arm to rip his stomach open with the black tipped claws, but as the sword made contact with the gauntlet, I felt little resistance as it sliced through the defensive layer. I quickly lowered my left arm, twisted my body to the right to avoid the rest of the swordsman's strike, and used my shoulder to knock him off balance. I used the opportunity to put some distance between us.

The fact that his blade managed to slice through my gauntlet meant one thing: his blade was a higher tier. This was bad.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78: Garys potential
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The fact that his blade had managed to slice through my gauntlets meant he had a higher tier weapon. If all three of them were as strong as this man, we would have no chance of surviving. I looked over at Gary to see how he was faring.

Gary was currently engaged with the dual swordsman. Sparks flew as their swords clashed. Gary didn't have a chance to catch a break. He was doing well holding his ground but was getting a few scratches here and there. The longer their battle drew out, the more those scratches would add up and Gary would lose.

The fact that Gary was able to block his opponent's strikes meant he wasn't as powerful as the first man who attacked me. My enemy was most likely the leader of the other two.

The swordsman and the chain wielder came at me. I infused Ki into my gauntlets, preparing myself to counter their combination attack.

The chain wielder whipped the chain around his head a couple of times before slinging it at me. I pivoted on my left foot to dodge and manged to grab the chain. Before I could yank the chain, the swordsman was already upon me. I let go of the chain and rolled backwards to avoid his horizontal strike.

I dashed towards the chain wielder since was the weaker of the two, but the swordsman leaped between us cutting off my path. The chain wielder took advantage of this to gain distance between us and resume his ranged assault. No matter who I focused, the other would interfere. I decided to create some distance between them and rethink my strategy. However, the swordsman's sword started to glow red.

He began slashing his sword in multiple directions. With each swing, a line of fire would shoot out of the sword. I ducked and weaved the lines of fire coming at me. As the final blade of fire whizzed passed me, a metal weight attached to a chain appeared, hidden behind the fire.

Unable to react in time, the metal weight pummelled straight into my chest, sending me flying backwards and onto the ground. I gasped for breath as blood started to trickle out of my mouth. I looked down at my chest piece and it was cracked.

I was hurt but I didn't know how bad. Just then, I heard another scream to my right. Gary was reeling from a strike that left a deep gash across his left shoulder.

"This arm only just got fixed damn you!" Gary shouted at the man.

I was surprised Gary still had that much energy left. He was completely covered in wounds. If I didn't do something soon, we were both going to die. The man with the flaming blade was most likely the one who had caused the fire to surround us as well.

The chain came towards me again while I was still on the ground. I logged rolled to the side and grabbed the chain. The man tried to pull it back but it was useless. Right now, I had all my Ki poured into my gauntlet and I wasn't going to let go. The flame swordsman came running towards me. I placed my other hand on the ground and shouted

"Summon Noir"

In an instant where my hand was, a black furred horned wolf appeared. I quickly mounted on top of Noir while still holding the chain in my hand. With Noir's speed, we quickly ran around the two of them. The chain began to wrap around the two.

But the flame swordsman was quick to act. He struck at the chain causing it to break. The broken chain slumped to the ground.

"The boy is a mage. No one told us about this." The chain wielder said to the flame swordsman.

"It doesn't matter, the mission stays the same." The flame swordsman replied.

"Noir you take care of the guy on the left, the flame swordsman is mine."

The flame swordsman was clearly the stronger of the two, but with Noir fighting the chainman it was now a one-on-one fight.

When I thought Gary had already been defeated, he seemed to be getting his second wind. For the most part, Gary had been dodging and blocking for most of the fight. He would retaliate here and there but none of his attacks managed to hit the man.

But then, the attacks were getting more awkward for the man to deal with. Gary's sword was reaching him in just the right spots. The situation had now reversed. Gary was the one attacking while the dual swordsmen was blocking. The man wanted to attack back but there was no opening. It was as if Gary could read the man's mind and knew where he was going to strike.

"Dammit!" The man shouted. "Aren't they just students? Why are they so strong?"

Gary continued to attack the man and said,

"You're right we are students. But were the best damn students at Avrion Academy."

A strike from Gary was then aimed towards the man's head. The man could tell the strike was powerful. He needed to use both of his blades to block the attack. As he blocked the attack, he looked at Gary but he had vanished. The next moment, his legs gave in making the man fall to the ground. As soon as the man had blocked the attack, Gary went down to kick the man's legs making him fall.

Gary's sword was now pointed at the man's neck.

"Tell me, why did you attack us?"

Before the man could even answer, a line of fire came shooting from the side.

"Gary watch out!" I shouted. Gary jumped back just in time but the flames had hit the man on the floor and completely burnt him to a black crisp.

While I was fighting, the flame swordsman managed to shoot a flame out between our fight hitting his own man.

Gary stood up from the ground and started slowly walking towards us.

"Don't worry Ray, I'll come to help you now." As Gary spoke those words, his knees gave in and he tumbled to the ground.

"Just stay there, you've lost too much blood. Don't worry I've got this."

Although my words sounded confident, my thoughts were the complete opposite.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79: Noirs sacrifice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary had done well with overcoming an opponent that was far stronger than him. Now it was my turn to do the same.

The man I was facing wasn't as skilful with the sword as Gary's opponent. The problem was his equipment. His gear was an incredibly high level. Every time we were locked in combat when I managed to get a punch in, it didn't seem to affect him at all. If I couldn't harm my opponent, there was no way for me to defeat him.

The man swung his sword at me. I knocked it away with the gauntlet and punched towards his chest again. I Hoped that a second blow in the same area might do something, but the man didn't even flinch. Instead, he responded with an overhead swing. I covered my head with a cross block. the sword clashed against my gauntlets. I stepped back and looked down at my gauntlets. There were now several dents in them. Sooner or later they would break.

*****

With the chains man's weapon now broken, he dropped the chain to the ground and pulled out a sickle.

"You're just an intermediate beast. I've killed hundreds of your kind." The man coldly said.

Noir was cautiously circling around the man. Her biggest advantage against the man was her speed. Noir then pounced with her horn forward, aiming to pierce the man. The man quickly blocked the attack and tried hacking back at Noir, but she was too fast and pounced back.

Noir repeated the same thing several times, but it was useless. The man would just block her attacks. She came up with a new plan and started running in full circles around the man. She was hoping that her speed would be too fast for the man to keep up with her, not knowing where she would attack.

The man then picked up part of the chain on the ground and threw it towards Noir. It managed to just catch her leg causing her to fall to the ground. Her leg was now injured and bleeding.

"Crap I need to do something." Gary thought. He had been watching the whole thing as he was meditating face first on the ground. Gary was trying to use his Ki hoping to recover faster. Gary had only seen Slyvia do it once but that was enough for Gary to understand the concept behind it.

Gary had now healed just enough to move. The man got closer to Noir. He lifted his sickle towards Noir ready to stab her. Suddenly, a blade struck the sickle out of the man's hand. Gary had leapt across and managed to reach the man just in time but in doing so, his wounds had reopened. Gary could no longer move and fell to the ground again.

"You idiot…it's just a beast. Why would you risk your life for it?" The man spat.

As the man bent down to pick up his sickle. Gary threw his blade towards Noir.

"Fight like your master." Gary thought to himself.

Noir jumped up to the blade and grabbed the hilt between its teeth. As the man bent back up, his head was already rolling on the ground. Noir had dashed across using the blade to slice at the man's head off.

*****

None of my attacks were working but I still had one more thing I wanted to try. I had no idea if it would work on not. It was risky.

As the flaming swordsmen saw another one of his men defeated, he quickly shot out flames of fire towards the man's head and body. This was my opportunity to strike. If there was one weak place, it would be the mask. It didn't look like beast gear. I reached out my hand and managed to grab hold of the man's mask.

As the man moved backwards, I crushed the mask making a fist with my hands. The man was uninjured but now we could see his face.

"No way!" Gary exclaimed.

Even I was shocked to see who was behind the mask. It was someone who had warned me about the dangers of the forest repeatedly. It was the squire master Lancy.

"It doesn't matter that you have seen my face, for all of you will die here today."

Lancy was in charge of helping the students if anything was to go wrong. The others must be outside looking for Lancy. Unknown to them, he was right here with us. It meant if the others went to get help, they would have to go all the way back to the city. Help wouldn't be coming anytime soon.

"You're a knight! How could you!?" Gary's blood was boiling, his face red with anger. But there was nothing he could do. He was far too injured.

"Shut up!" Lancy then shot another line of fire towards Gary. Gary tried to move but his injuries were too bad. As the flame was a few feet away from Gary, he closed his eyes.

Suddenly A wolf's cry was heard.

Noir had jumped in the way of the fire trying to protect Gary. Flames started to spread quickly all over Noir's body.

"No!" Gary cried "You bastard!"

I quickly de summoned Noir back into the system. I wasn't sure if it would do anything but hopefully, it would get rid of the flames and allow her to heal.

I stood there still. Humans were indeed pieces of trash. I didn't know if Lancy's target was me or Gary. But what was the need to get others involved? Why cause all this pain and suffering? Had Gary or I done anything to deserve any of this?

Lancy then started to charge forward towards me. His blade was now completely covered in flames.

"This is the end of you Ray Talen. Once I'm done with you, I'll kill all your friends as well."

Flames from the burning trees started to swirl and gather towards Lancy's sword. The flames had disappeared from the trees but had now completely covered his sword.

Lancy jumped in and slashed at me with his sword. I could feel the heat emitting from the weapon. It was already burning the surface of my skin. As the blade came down, I grabbed the sword with the palms of my hand stopping it dead in its tracks.

"Activate!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80: Mana Eater
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I could tell Lancy was putting all his power into the strike. Sweat was starting to run down his face as he was trying to move his sword, but this was the only chance I had. I focused all my Ki into the palm of my hand allowing me to touch the blade, I wasn't going to let go.

The problem was this left my whole body vulnerable. I didn't have any Ki protecting any other parts of my body. My face began to burn. It felt like it was going to melt off.

...

The notifications kept sounding off in my head. As more notifications sounds came, the fire started getting weaker.

"What is going on?!" Lancy shouted as he tried pulling back the blade.

Lancy then started kicking my body again and again. I started to cough out blood but I wasn't going to let go until I had absorbed all of the fire.

"You dog! Why won't you just die?!" Lancy was still hitting me trying everything he could to get me off the sword.

Finally, the notification sound stopped. I let go of Lancy sword causing him to fall back a little. I was badly hurt. My gauntlets were dented beyond belief and I could feel a warm liquid between the gauntlets…most likely my bones were broken inside. My face was now half burnt from the fire and a few ribs had broken from the kicks.

Everything I did relied on this one moment. There were two things I was unsure about. First whether mana eater would work on a beast crystal weapon. If I took the elemental attribute from the weapon it would basically be useless. Now that this worked, I needed to check one more thing.

I punched my two fists together and started to focus. The gauntlets started to shine an orange-red and were getting hotter until eventually, flames covered my entire arms. From my shoulder to the outside of the gauntlets, to even the fingertips, it was all wrapped around in flames.

The second thing was if I was able to infuse my Ki with the elemental attribute. In theory, Mana and Ki were the same things. Just how people used mana to create fire. Now that I had fire Ki and mana. I could use this to activate the cells on my gauntlet and create a fire weapon of my own.

"You really are a demon. We were right to try to get rid of you."

Lancy tried to use his sword to gather the flames around my gauntlets, but his face dropped. Mana eater was a skill that absorbed the fire. It didn't suppress it or borrow it. It was more like stealing and adding it to my own body.

I dashed over towards Lancy and knocked the sword out of his hand then grabbed Lancy by the face and lifted him in the air.

"No! No! No!" Screamed Lancy.

First Lancy's face began to melt. Then his entire body was burnt to a crisp. The power quickly faded from my body and I collapsed to the ground.

Gary started to slowly walk over towards me. He wasn't in the best of shapes either.

"Ray! Your arms and face look pretty burnt. We need to take you to the hospital." Gary said with tears falling down his face.

I wanted to reply but my lips had been partly melted together.

Then suddenly, shadows started to form I could vaguely see a human figure. Then the shadows started to get clearer and Sir K appeared.

"Gary! Where are the attackers?" He said urgently.

"They're all gone" He replied, "But Ray needs help."

Sir K then quickly examined the scene around him. There were fire marks and ashes everywhere. The trees were formed in a circle but had gone a slight black colour due to the fire. All that was left of the attacks were their equipment.

Sir K went and picked up an object of the ground. It was a piece of the red mask that Lancy was wearing.

"So, it's them. I need to inform Wilfred."

As Sir K was busy examining the scene, four black sash knights appeared. They were the third-year students. They picked up Gary and me and started to take us off somewhere.

My eyes were tired and my whole body hurt. All I could do now was close them.

When I eventually opened my eyes again, I was in a familiar place. The white bedsheets the clear ceiling…I was in the hospital again. I could feel something heavy on my leg and when I looked down, Slyvia was sleeping on my thigh.

"She's been there all night" Gary said.

As I looked to my left, Gary was also in a hospital bed. He was covered in several bandages but this was a normal occurrence for us now.

Just then, Slyvia eyes started to open.

"Ray…" She said, as a little bit of dribble ran down the side of her mouth.

"Ray you're finally awake." Her face then went bright red as she noticed the dribble coming out of the side of her mouth.

"How long have I been asleep for?" I asked.

"It's been three days."

Then I went to touch my face. I remembered several burn marks. My lips had even melted together but I was speaking perfectly fine. Then when I looked at my hands, I noticed they were completely fine as well.

"Don't worry you're all healed up."

"But how?" I asked.

"That's the thing Ray, we don't really know. Your body just started to heal itself. The burn marks, your internal injuries, everything. The doctors were in shock. Your body is strange. The readings they found…it's almost like you're a…" Slyvia stopped right there.

"Like what?"

"Your body, it heals like a beast would. As long as your given enough time to rest, your Ki will naturally start to heal all your wounds."

Slyvia then looked me in the eyes.

"Ray, I saw your body when you came in here; we all did. We thought you might look like that forever. What happened to the two of you?"

We then proceeded to tell Slyvia everything that had happened: how three men in red masks came to attack us and how one of the masked men was Lancy. Slyvia didn't look at all surprised by this.

She had told us when the fire had started, she had been attacked by one of the masked men. They went straight for the whistle. When they went looking for Lancy, he was nowhere to be seen, leaving them no choice but to head to back to the city.

As the three of us were telling each other the events of what happened, the hospital's room door opened. I was surprised to see all our roommates enter the room. But not only that, Kyle and the two red-headed twins had also entered the room. I recognized them from the dragon knight training. Once all of them had entered the room, Sir K followed behind them and closed the door.

What on earth was going on?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81: Pureblood
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I was lying in my bed and I counted every person that was entering the room one by one. As each person entered the room, they lined up by the wall on Gary's side like some sort of military drill. Everyone who I had interacted seriously with at one point were in the room including Slyvia, Gary, Ian, Dan, Monk, Kyle, Martha and the two red-haired twins.

"What's going on?"

Just then, Sir K entered the room. He closed the door and put some sort of magical device on the door. The device looked like a stone spider and attached itself on the door and a magic ring appeared.

"Don't worry, the device here is just to make sure that no one is listening in on us" Sir K said then continued. "What I'm about to tell you all today is top secret but Wilfred and I have decided it's best if we inform you students of the current situation."

"As you all can see, two of our students were seriously injured. In truth, they were lucky to make it out alive."

Sir K then walked over to the two red-haired twins. "For Sloth and Badger, could you please explain what these people looked like Slyvia?"

Slyvia then stood up from her seat next to my bed.

"There were three intruders in total. We only managed to catch a glimpse of them but they all had one thing in common: they all wore red masks."

"Gary and Ray, I believe you saw the face of one of the men in the masks. Would you care to say who that was?"

Gary gulped down before answering.

"It was the squire master Lancy."

Loud gasps and chattering started in the room. Everyone couldn't believe what they had just heard.

Sir K clapped his hands and everyone immediately went silent.

Just then, Slyvia had raised her hand to ask a question,

"Were they members of the dark guild?"

Sir K shook his head.

"If they were, it would be fairly simple. This is the reason why I have gathered all of you here today. The red mask men are from a faction called Pureblood. Eleven years ago, there was a prophecy spread through all of the lands from the divine being. It stated that our saviour would come from a boy with red hair. We sent our best knights in search for children all over and that's how we came across Badger, Sloth, Kyle, Ian and Ray today. This same prophecy led to the creation of Pureblood. Their goal is to get rid of the red-haired children."

"But that doesn't make any sense. Why would they kill the saviours?" Monk asked.

"There is a second part of the prophecy that was also told at the same time, that the red-haired boy would be the destruction of the world as well. It was the first time that two prophecies were given and they even contradicted each other. This tore the Alure Kingdom in half causing the Purebloods to form. Sadly, many knights at Avrion Academy are also part of the Purebloods."

"Why bring us into this?" Dan asked, "We have nothing to do with them." Dan said pointing towards Badger and Sloth.

Slyvia snapped at what Dan had said.

"How could you say that Dan? Ian, Kyle and Ray are our friends. Of course, this involves us."

Martha pulled Slyvia back to try to calm her down. As soon as the two of them stopped arguing, Sir K continued.

"Whether you like it or not, you are involved now. For this, I am truly sorry. We never expected the Purebloods to act so strongly. So far, all they had done was protest the students being at the academy. This is the first incident. The Lurker has been protecting Badger and Sloth this whole time, but we had no one to protect Ray, Ian and Kyle. Thankfully you had surrounded yourself with powerful allies. With Slyvia by your side, I didn't think the purebloods would dare attack you."

Sir K then turned towards me.

"Ray, at this moment you are the most likely candidate as the child from the prophecy."

"What! What makes you think that?!"

"You're body. Three times you have been put in a near-death situation but every time, your body manages to heal itself. People can only think this is a blessing from the divine being. Student medical records can be accessed by high ranking knights. I'm sure the purebloods already have this information, as well as information about everyone on your team."

I wanted to tell him he was wrong. My body healed because I wasn't a human. Even now, the red aura mixed in with my body suggested I was currently some sort of mix. After what Slyvia had said, it confirmed my thoughts. This was why my body healed faster than ordinary. They also didn't know the fact that my hair was originally black and later turned red. I started to grind my teeth. I wanted to say I was a dragon but that would just make them think I was crazy.

"I can't be…I'm sure I'm not."

"It doesn't matter if you believe it or not, for this is what the purebloods believe and now the people who are surrounding you are in danger as well. There is no way for us to protect you all 24/7 so I have warned you all today. Please look out for each other and be careful."

As Sir K finished speaking, he took the device off the wall and opened the door.

"Wait! You mean you're not even going to protect us?!" Dan shouted.

"There isn't much we can do; we have our normal knightly duties. We will look out for you the best we can but it's best not to do anything too obvious to raise suspicion. Also, we currently don't know who is part of the Pureblood faction. We could just be sending someone to guard you to later find you dead."

Everyone was silent for a while as they took everything in. Avrion academy was meant to be a knightly place where they all were united against the enemy, but now they had learnt that there was also an enemy within the academy itself. It was a shock to them.

Everyone then left the room and allowed Gary and me to recover. Although I was already fine, I stayed with Gary for a while to cheer him up. After learning about what happened, I felt guilty that Gary was hurt in the process. After two weeks, his wounds were fully healed and we could leave the hospital. The doctors there wished that they would never see us again.

As we went back to the dormitory, there was a sealed envelope left on the table.

The envelope was made out to Gary.

The Academy didn't allow letters to be received or sent unless it was important. The last time I had seen one of these, it was news about my father.

Gary picked the letter off the table.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82: Transfer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary opened up the envelope and pulled out the letter inside. As Gary started reading the letter, he didn't move a muscle. He stood still like a statue while his eyes were glued to each and every word he read.

It had been a good ten minutes and Gary still hadn't moved. It was as if he was reading the letter over and over again.

The whole room felt like they needed to be silent because of the atmosphere that was coming from Gary. A few more moments passed and Dan couldn't take it anymore.

"Hey man, are you okay?"

As soon as Dan spoke those words, Gary dropped the letter and ran out of the room.

The letter floated through the air until it touched the floor landing right next to Dan.

"It's probably just his girlfriend breaking up with him or something."

Everyone gulped. They knew the letter was serious and wanted to find out what had made Gary react like that but at the same time, they wanted to clearly respect Gary. All but one person that is.

Dan went to the floor and picked the letter of the ground.

"No!" Monk shouted, "Do you remember what happened last time?"

"What happened last time," I asked?

Everyone started to avoid eye contact with me. I had no clue what they were talking about or why they were acting like this.

Dan wafted his hand in the air ignoring Monks warning and started to read the letter. Then even Dan was frozen stiff. Dan was a big talker, almost as much as Kyle so to see him speechless, it must have been something important.

"Well then, what is it?" Martha asked

Dan then folded up the letter and placed it on the table.

"I don't think this is for us to see. Someone should go out and check if Gary is okay."

This was a strange sight to see. Dan was never compassionate towards others, so whatever the contents of the letter were, they had to be serious. We all split up and looked for possible places we might find Gary.

After looking around common hangout places at the academy, I decided to go to the roof. When I opened the door, I could see a blond boy's back looking over the edge. I walked over slowly to Gary thinking about what to say.

I was hoping I wasn't the first one to find him. If Gary needed comfort then I definitely wasn't the best person for that. Slyvia, Martha heck even Dan might have been better. As I got closer to Gary, he could hear the sounds of footsteps approaching him.

As he turned around, I could see his red bloodshot eyes. They were slightly swollen and puffy. It was as if he had been crying.

I came over and patted Gary on the back and started to look at the city view with him. If Gary wanted to talk to someone, I would let him say it first. There was no need for me to say anything.

We both stood side by side looking at the view until Gary eventually said,

"You want to know about the letter, don't you?"

I didn't reply but we were the only two on the roof so of course he knew I could hear him.

"Well you deserve to know about this as well. The letter it was about Amy… she's dead."

Suddenly, images of my first meeting with Amy started flashing in my head. The stupid things we talked about, how she used to watch me train for hours on end, it all came back to me. I don't know what the feeling was, but my heart sank down a little.

"But that's not all!" Gary made a fist so hard that his fingers were digging into his own skin and blood started to spill from his hand. "They say she died inside Roland academy. It was a duel with some sort of noble. And what do they do? They offer my family money like it will make all their problems go away!" Gary shouted.

"I bet he wasn't even punished. After all, he only killed a common girl form a poor small village. I swear I will kill the person who did this to my sister."

Anyone else would have probably tried to calm Gary down, but not me. I knew exactly what Gary was feeling. This hatred he had for this person he hadn't even met. It was the same hatred I bared. The sinking feeling in my heart too also changed to anger.

"Ray, you have to help me." Gary put both his hands on my shoulders. I don't think he realised his hand was bleeding for it was soaking into my school uniform. "You're actually a mage, right? You can summon a beast and even use fire powers I saw it. Demonstrate your powers in front of the master knights and get a transfer to Roland academy. You want to find this person too right?"

Although I did want to go to Roland academy, it was rumoured that was where the divine being was. I wouldn't mind helping Gary on the way, but there was still much I had to do here. What was behind the red door? What was in the dragon knights' tomb? Were the dragon knights similar beings to me? Only then would I be happy with moving on to Roland academy.

I then thought if I told Gary the truth, maybe he would be able to understand. He had been good to me this whole time and without him, I probably would have died the other day. if it was him, he could keep a secret for me.

"I can't do that Gary. My powers…they're not normal." Before I could finish, Gary turned away from me.

"I understand, you don't need to say anything else."

Then a thought came to my mind.

"The tournament, at the all kingdom tournament there will be people from all different kingdoms and academies. Roland will be there as well. Maybe we can find some information there."

Gary started to walk off and turned around and smiled at me.

"Thank you, Ray."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83: Upgrading
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 83

Gary started to distance himself from the group and the others hardly ever saw him outside of training. When he came back to the room each night, he would always be covered in sweat. Sometimes, Ray would spot him at the training ground, practising.

The others had bugged Dan many times about the contents of the letter petsering to give up the details of what was inside and eventually, he gave in and told the rest. Now that everyone knew Gary was going through a tough time, they decided to give up on bothering him, allowing him the space and time to rest and rediscover himself.

But to be honest, everyone was pretty busy themselves. The Avrion Academy Tournament was only a month away. There were a lot of prizes up for grabs, but only the top five people could go on to take part in the All Kingdom Tournament.

Still, Ray wasn't too bothered about the tournament. Before, his original plan was to make it into the top ten for he wanted to keep the old man happy, that should have been a high enough position. But there were too many things that happened.

Ray had promised to help Gary. Furthermore, it was most likely that Gary was training to be in the top five. Now, Ray just wanted to be there as support for him, to keep his word.

That day at their Black Knight Training Session, Sir K had given the four of them a nice surprise. He brought the equipment from the Pureblood Members. All the weapons and armour that was laid out were all Intermediate Class.

"It's not everything that was there but a lot of it was ruined beyond repair." Sir K said.

"Where's the sword that Lancy was using?" Ray asked.

"Although the sword itself wasn't ruined, it's practically just a basic tier weapon right now. For some reason, the magical properties of the beast crystal inside were gone. Gary and Ray, you get to pick first."

Ray went over and looked at the pieces of equipment, until finally deciding on the shoulder guard piece. There was nothing else there that really interested him and he thought the others would fare better with the rest. Sir K had already paid for his own items to be repaired, so his gauntlets and chest piece were back in top shape.

Originally Ray wanted a better sword, but Gary had already picked the dual blades and they came as a pair.

The Duel blades taken by Gary were a dark purple in colour. They were quite thin and had a cruce going upward to them both.

Monk decided to take a chest piece and some boots. Light armour to protect himself and keep him nimble on his feet.

For some reason, Kyle was drawn to the chain weight for some reason. Even though he had never used a weapon like it before. In his head he could picture himself using it quite well.

"I suggest you get your armour dyed. The tournament is coming and it's a chance for you to show off your powers. You want to stand out, right? If you no longer wish to be a knight when you are done studying.

"Then, the tournament will be a good opportunity for you to get scouted from by the noble families and act as their guards." Sir K explained.

Because of the beast crystal armour coming from all sorts of different beasts, there were a lot of times when their equipment would mismatch. A lot of knights and armies chose to dye their equipment to represent their colours. Some students just did it as a fashion statement. Although Ray didn't care as much, he did like the colour red. So, taking Sir K's advice, he decided he would get his equipment dyed as well.

Their hunting session had been cancelled for a week due to the incident that happened last time. A lot of people asked what had happened to Lancy. But no one really had a concrete answer.

There was a rumour going around that he died bravely in a mission. Of course, only Ray and the others knew the truth of the whole matter. Sir K was right. It seemed like no one knew of the faction called Pureblood. It was also hard for the group to go around asking about it, afraid that they might ruffle the wrong feathers and bring attention to themselves.

In the evening, Ray would travel to the foothills with Noir. When he put her back into the system, the flames seemed to stop affecting her. She healed just as quickly as his body which was a relief. His first non human companion who was loyal to him.

Without the help of her and Gary at that time, Ray would have died. He knew from this incident he needed to get stronger, so he didn't have to rely on the help of others. The easiest way to do that right now was to gather more crystals.

The problem with the upcoming tournament was that Ray wasn't allowed to use his abilities. The second he did, the academy would know of his hidden powers. If he wanted to win this tournament ro get a high position, he would have to do it using his pure strength.

All of these reasons led him to sneak out and hunt. When hunting around the foothills, Ray came across an area where there were Ice Golems. This was a gold mine for him as Ice Golem were weak to fire.

They also carried an Elemental Attribute, Ice.

After defeating seven of them, Ray managed to absorb 6+ points on his Ice Attribute and gathered three crystals via the system and four by carving them out of the Golems.

Ray would come back and return to the foothills often to look for new beasts. He found that a lot of beasts in the area carried the Ice Attribute. It was important for him to find a new type of beast as the system would stop giving him crystals after defeating the same beast all over again.

One top of this, every day, Ray would train with the old man and hone his hand-to-hand combat skills. He would train with the Black Sash Knights to work on footwork and sword skills, then hunt in the evening to gather crystals and improve his body and elemental powers.

After hunting every day for the last three weeks, Ray had become stronger.

He also currently held ten Intermediate Beast Crystal Items. None of these was of use to him as they were weapons or items that he wouldn't need nor use.

He kept them for now, in the case that he would find an Advanced Tier Crystal in the future and needed money to craft it into an item. However he wasn't the only one who had gotten stronger during this time.

For the last three weeks, the team had defeated a lot of Intermediate Creatures and had gathered stronger equipment. Ian had better axes, Martha had better bow and arrows, Monk with his daggers and so on. It was going to be a tough competition.

There was even a third-year student that Ray needed to worry about, like Harry and Jasmine.It was a shame that Ray still hadn't figured out the condition to unlock more skills. There were some useful ones that he would like to use but there was no time left.

Finally, after the long wait, it was time for the Avrion Academy Tournament...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84: Passing together
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray woke up at 6 am that morning. Instead of putting on the standard uniform like every other day, today was different. Usually, when inside the academy...

Students were only allowed to wear the school uniform with training equipment.

The weapons dedicated for training were mostly made out of wood. This way, they wouldn't seriously injure themselves when sparing. The only time they were allowed to use their beast gear was on missions and when hunting.

Ray had successfully dyed all his current equipment in red with black outline. His fanged Boar chest piece, his newly acquired shoulder guard and his boots which were only standard equipment and were nothing special...

As for his gauntlets… They were already red so there was no need to dye them. Today, everyone taking part in the tournament was to wear the best gear they owned.

A part of it would allow one to use their real weapons. The tournament was taking place at the sports arena in the city. It was around a 20-minute walk from the academy. Although the city was filled with mostly knights, it didn't stop everyone from participating in regular activities. The city had an arena where they would often host sporting events or team games. This was where all the students were to gather today.

Looking around, In the dorms, Ray could see everyone seemed to be nervous, to the point that some helped each other put on their gear and equipment for their hands were shaking too much.

But for Ray, it didn't really matter as much.

While the rest were still struggling to get ready, Ray decided to leave the room and get a head start on everyone. He didn't get to see the city as much before because of his jam-packed schedule. So he wanted to take this chance.

While walking through the city, he noticed the atmosphere was different than usual. The whole city felt alive and less tense. Usually, the knights were always serious and on guard. But today, it felt more like a festival. Another big difference was the people inside the city. Avrion was filled with mostly just knights with a few merchants here and there.

Today, there were people from all different cities who came to visit. Once a year, Avrion would open its gates to surrounding cities for the tournament. A lot of nobles would look for talented knights to recruit to their own army or even use as a guard.

Now, everyone at Avrion wanted to become a knight and fight in the frontlines against the Shadow Plague. But due to the high prestige that Avrion Academy had, a lot of people sent their sons and daughters to train here.

Finally, after a good walk and touring the place, Ray reached the arena. Outside was jam-packed with people waiting and full of energy to enter.

The starting event wouldn't even start till nine so it was impressive to already see this many people waiting outside. Luckily, there was a separate entrance for the participants.

Outside the participant's only entrance… A lot of parents had come to visit their children and wished them good luck before letting them head back inside.

As Ray walked past the crowd waiting to get inside, he could hear the remarks they made about him.

"They really allowed a redhead to enter the competition?"

"Even his gear is red. Does he want to curse the whole city?"

"I hear the academy has allowed other redheads to enter the competition as well."

"Oh, how Avrion academy has fallen. Perhaps I should have sent my son to another academy this year."

The comments used to bother Ray a bit when he was younger but now, he was used to it. It has been a while since he had gotten this type of treatment. Ever since his match with Sebastian, Ray never heard a single word of disdain from the other students. Well, at least not in front of him.

He continued to go inside and followed the signs to the waiting area for the contestants. The signs led him to an underground stairway, eventually to a huge set of double doors. When Ray entered, his eyes met with a huge hall.

The hall was as big as the dining hall at Avrion academy. The only difference was there were no chairs and tables.

The hall was currently half-filled with contestants. In total, there would be around 350 contestants competing in this tournament. Some contestants were practising inside the hall or checking their equipment.

Others had formed groups and were chatting casually. It was a mix of 2nd and 3rd-year students and the difference in equipment was dramatic. It was obvious that the third years had an advantage in this tournament. Every year so far, a third-year student had come out as a winner.

It was an expected result.

In truth, the tournament was a way to show the second-year students that they had a long way to go to keep them from getting lazy.

His roommates still hadn't arrived and even though Ray spotted Harry and Jasmine around, he didn't bother to go over and say hi. He wouldn't exactly say they were friends. Instead, he decided to go to an empty space in the room and practice meditating.

After an hour passed, the room was beginning to fill up. The double doors opened and recognizable faces walked through.

"There, Ray's there..." Kyle pointed.

The entire group came over to where Ray was, giving him company and started to talk about the upcoming tournament.

"How did you get a space like this all to yourself?" Kyle asked.

Even though the room was full, for some reason, the space Ray had gone to when he first arrived never became filled with people. People avoided him like a plague.

"I think people are just avoiding me." Ray replied.

"You're like a human repellent. We should start taking you with us to restaurants." Everyone ignored Kyle's remark and it suddenly got quiet.

Martha broke the silence by saying. "I heard the first round is going to be a battle-royale style."

"Yes, usually they split the rounds into two groups." Slyvia said nodding her head in agreement. "Second-year students go first and then the third-year students. The last ten students go through to the knockout stages which are one-on-one."

"There are ten spots? That's great! We can all go through together..." Monk smiled in enthusiasm.

Hearing this, for some reason a slight frown had appeared on Martha's face. "But that means we might end up going against each other after that."

"We can deal with that when the time comes." Dan replied. " We want to prove ourselves right? Then, it's something we have to do. No personal feelings involved!"

They couldn't argue with that, all they needed to worry about was doing there best.

Suddenly, Slyvia placed her hand in the middle of everyone. They all looked at it strangely, wondering what she was trying to do.

"Then, let's promise to get the top ten spots together." Slyvia said.

One by one, they started to put their hands on top of each other, all apart from Ray who felt this was a little childish.

"Come on Ray!" Kyle said. "Stop being a sour Grape."

Reluctantly, Ray placed his hand on top with everyone else as well.

"Together."

"1, 2, 3…"

"Hurrah!" They all shouted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85: Rules
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Ray and the others waited in the hall for further instructions. A group of adult knights entered the room.

Each of them held a fairly large sack that was filled with something unknown. They then began going around the room handing out bracelets from the sacks to each and every one of the contestants.

Not much was said about the bracelets.

They were just told that they needed to wear them if they wanted to participate. The bracelet was clear like glass and slightly larger than an adult's fist. Similar to Ray's gauntlets, when they put them around their wrists, it shrunk down to a perfect fit.

After waiting for a little while longer, a Knight Master entered through the door. It was the female Knight Master, Rose. Rose was the leader of the Green Sashed Knights and she bore a special sash around her proudly as she walked through the crowd of people to the other end of the hall.

When she looked like she was ready to speak, the whole room went silent.

"Good morning, everyone! I'm here to tell you all about the rules of this tournament. The first order of business: Will ranks 1 to 5 of the 3rd year students please come forward?"

Five students whom Ray had never seen before went over to where Rose was standing.

Looking at the third year students reminded him of Harry. When the two of them had fought, he showed the number on his communicator, and it was only at Rank 50. These students standing next to Rose were above even him and considered the strongest at the academy.

"Next, will the ranks 1 to 5 of the 2nd year students please come forward."

Gary, Sylvia, Ian, Monk and Dan all went forward to line up. There wasn't much change in the ranking system from the first year to the second years. Dan and Monk had always been slowly creeping their way up the ladder of the ranks and they had finally achieved top spots.

When their room eventually held the top five spots, they agreed to not fight each other. After All they were a team.

Everyone had become good friends and thought there was no point to switch places between ranks. Right now, it was different though. Everyone wanted to show the audience outside what skills they had learned.

"The ten students standing here will be seeded. They will not participate in the first round and will go straight through to the knockout stages."

The students began to get rowdy.

"What the hell!" Kyle protested, "Didn't we just make a pact? They already made it through."

Rose decided to ignore the complaining students and continued talking.

"You might be wondering what the devices on your wrist are for. In a moment you should all see a number display on them."

As Ray looked towards his wrist, a green figure could be seen "100 HP" written across the bracelet.

"The first round of the competition will be a battle royale. The second-year students will participate first. The last five students remaining will go on ahead to the knockout stages." She then lifted one of the bracelets in the air.

"This is your winning ticket. In the battle royale, you will only be permitted to use the regular wooden training equipment. For each hit you take, this number will go down. When the number reaches zero, you will be eliminated from the tournament."

Rose looked at the students before pointing towards Martha

"Martha, will you please join me?" She said.

Martha quickly ran over to Rose's position.

She then handed Martha a wooden bow with a blunt wooden arrow.

Rose then started to look at the second-year students that were lined up and pointed at Ian.

"Big guy, you look like you can take a little pain. I want you to stand in front of Martha and let her shoot you."

Doing as asked, She readied her bow and chose to aim the arrow towards Ian's abs.

As the arrow left the bow it hit and bounced right off Ian's body.

"As you can see, the student has taken no damage but if we look at his bracelet, it now says 90HP. We want the students to show their skill in the first round, not their wealth or luck…"

This will put you all on an even playing field. The first round is all about skill. Now, Martha would you please take a shot using Ki?"

Martha again took a shot at Ian, this time infusing Ki into her bow and arrow.

"Now his bracelet is displaying the number 70…"

"The stronger the attack, the more hp is taken. If Ian had blocked using Ki, it would counteract that and just do the normal ten points of damage. That is all you need to know for the 1st round."

The students were then asked to put their equipment in a storage room and then meet back in the hall. This included Ray who was asked to remove his gauntlets. Due to the sharp fingertips, Ray was only allowed to take in the armour he was wearing.

Looking around inside the storage room, he could see a wall lined with wooden equipment and all types of weapons.

Axes, maces, bows, everything…

Ray went over and just decided to pick up a regular short sword. It was the weapon he was most familiar with as it was the same size as the one his father had given him.

The 10 seeded students were then taken somewhere else since there was no need for them to be there.

From the hallway, they were further escorted down a huge tunnel. The tunnel went on for about five minutes and at the end of it, they could see a bright light.

As soon as they went into the bright light, they were welcomed with roaring cheers. It felt like the whole ground was shaking. The whole arena was completely packed with people and not a single seat was left empty.

The arena also had a special seating area where the six elders sat and the Knight Masters as well. Just underneath them were two Squire Masters holding a crystal microphone.

"Welcome ladies and gentlemen!"

"We will now begin the opening round of the Avrion Academy Tournament." As the man spoke into the crystal, it was magnified so the whole audience could hear him.

The students were asked to spread out all over the arena. There were around 150 contestants in total on the ground floor. As Ray went into his open space, he couldn't help but shake the feeling that the other players were looking at him. He could feel their eyes piercing into his skull.

'What are they up to?'

"The first round will be a battle-royal style tournament. The last five students remaining will go through to the next round." A hologram screen suddenly appeared above the fighting arena.

"As you can see here, the audiences are able to see the HP of every single contestant. Once the HP counter of a contestant reaches 0, they will be eliminated."

"Now let's get ready to start in…"

The whole audience started to count down together.

"3… 2… 1..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86: Fierce Ray
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as the fight had started, the ten people closest to Ray dashed towards him. Ray had a feeling that the other participants were watching him and he was right. They had planned to attack him together from the very beginning knowing Ray was too strong to defeat on their own.

As the first man swung at Ray with a sword. Ray instinctively put his arm up to block the strike. But as soon as the sword touched Ray's arm, his bracelets number display changed.

Although the strike didn't Hurt Ray at all, the system had counted the strike as a clean hit since the wooden sword made direct contact with his skin. Ray was currently using Ki to reinforce the strength of his skin but the first round was about skill, not strength.

Ray finally understood the words of Rose and thought that this would be difficult. It wouldn't be hard for Ray if he only needed to beat all the contestants but to do so without getting hit would be troublesome.

The man who attacked Ray was speechless. When his sword touched Ray's skin, it felt like he was hitting against a solid bar of steel. Ray quickly grabbed the man wrist and twisted it causing him to drop his sword. The other men all rushed in ready to strike Ray at once hoping to get rid of him quickly. Ray saw this and grabbed the other man's wrist.

The man tried to struggle away but Ray's strength was too monstrous. As the others came closer to attack, he lifted the man's body using him as a human shield. Each strike hit the man all over. His bracelet pinged constantly and started to display numerous notifications.

-10HP

-10HP

….

Until the number had eventually reached 0. The men stopped attacking so Ray threw his meat shield to one side.

"And we have the first contestant to be eliminated." The announcer shouted.

The crowd started to boo. They thought Ray's tactic of using another person as a human shield was dirty.

As the score on the man's bracelet reached 0, a bright white light started to shine around his whole body and teleported him away. The bracelet was engraved with teleportation magic. It was set to teleport the students to a medical site near the arena once their points reached 0.

Ray was trying to figure out why these men had grouped up and aimed for him. Where they from pureblood? Or did they agree beforehand to group up together?

Ray then took a closer look at the men that were facing him. He recognised their faces well. It had been a while but he had promised himself that he would never forget their faces. One of the men who stood at the centre and in front of the rest was one of the first ones to throw an object at Ray.

The men currently attacking Ray were one of the groups that had put a lot of money on the fight between Gary and Monk. When Ray had stopped the fight, the group had promised they would get their revenge one day but after seeing the fight between Ray and Sebastian, they knew they were not strong enough on their own.

They had been waiting for this opportunity to strike Ray together. They couldn't do this in the academy as they only allowed one on one battles, so this was their chance.

What they didn't count on was how much stronger Ray had gotten in that time. Ray had been planning to hold back in the tournament, not wanting to draw any attention to himself, but their actions had brought back painful memories. After the attack by Pureblood, Ray wasn't going to let anyone off easy.

Another man charged forward. Ray struck at his legs before he could even attack. The man stood still for a while and then completely collapsed screaming in pain. His legs had been broken so badly that the bone was sticking out.

Ray charged at the other eight men taking them down in one blow. It was so fast they didn't even have time to strike back. Ray made sure the strike them with just enough strength to do damage but not to kill them. A few broken bones the academy would be able to heal but a death they wouldn't easily forgive.

Nine men currently laid on the floor rolling around scream in pain. The audience was greatly confused, why hadn't they been teleported away like the man earlier? As they looked on the display they could see why. The men currently on the floor only had -20HP taken away from them.

The battle system and counted each strike as a Ki strike from Ray, causing only 20 points of damage. What the academy didn't expect was someone who was able to completely overpower the other students to the point where they could defeat them with one blow.

The crowd started to become rowdy.

"That child is a devil. How could he hurt people like that?"

"He should have never been allowed in the competition in the first place."

"He's fighting dirty! What kind of parents raised him?"

As the man in the crowd said these words, Ray turned around and stared directly at him. His eyes were fierce. The man started to sweat; fear started to grow in his heart. There was a good distance of around 100 meters between Ray and him. How could Ray have possibly heard him and knew exactly where he was the man thought. Although it seemed impossible, there was no doubt in the man's mind that Ray was staring directly at him.

"He's a monster!" The man stood up and pointed.

The six elders were currently sitting up in a separate seating compartment to the rest of the audience, discussing the events that were happening.

"Should we do something about the boy?" One of the elders proposed.

"The people call him dirty, yet they see nothing wrong with ten people ganging up on one." The old man countered.

"What if he is to kill a student?" An elder asked.

"You have my word that my student will not go that far." The old man promised.

The old man had felt close to Ray. So much so that he treated Ray like his own son. He thought he knew Ray well and even though he said those words, he didn't believe in them himself. The anger he was currently sensing from Ray frightened him.

Author note: As you can tell this chapter was written in the third person rather than the first person. In the tournament, there are a lot of viewpoints and rules that need to be explained which would be extremely difficult in the first person.

In the past, I have switched between first and third person but this tournament arc is simply too long. I wanted to get audience feedback. If you don't mind the third person writing I can stick with this for now and revert back at a later time. Or stick to the third person for the rest of the novel. Please let me know what you think.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87: Number one
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary, Slyvia, Monk, Ian and Dan were currently standing together on the top level of the arena. It was the highest viewing point but there were no seats and only contestants were allowed to be there. Their group and many other third-year students were currently watching the match below.

The group had just witnessed Ray's brutal beating of the ten students. Slyvia could see the anger in Ray's eyes and was starting to get worried.

"I don't understand. Could none of those students use Ki?" Dan asked.

"They were using Ki" Slyvia replied. "It's just that Ray's Ki was simply far too overpowering that they weren't able to do anything."

Slyvia was currently using Ki to activate the cells in her eyes. This gave her a second type of vision where she could see the Ki flow of other students. It was similar to Ray's dragon eyes but a much weaker version of it. All she could tell was Ray's Ki was incredibly strong and currently running wild.

"He must have been hiding his strength from us."

"I hope the students aren't too badly hurt," Ian said.

"They deserve it, everyone single one of them," Gary replied.

Everyone was surprised to see Gary say something. He hadn't spoken to them or anyone much since the death of his sister.

"Did they really think they could do something against him just because it was ten against one?" Gary laughed. "You guys might not remember but I remember that big nose well. They were the ones who started the riot when Monk and I fought and it looks like Ray remembers them well."

"I just hope he doesn't go too far," Monk said remembering what happened to Sebastian.

Gary didn't say much more, but in truth, he didn't care if all of them died. It was probably people like this that went up against his sister. They tried to use the school's rules as a way to justify their actions.

A group of third years standing by the edge were also watching the arena.

"Is that the guy you were talking about Harry?" Jack asked.

"Yes. When he was only a third-year student and he had no idea of Ki, his strike almost hit me. I knew he would grow into a monster but I didn't expect this."

Jack started to smile. His heartbeat started to pound harder and faster. Jack wanted to jump over the railings and fight Ray now but he knew the time for the two of them to meet would come.

Jack was currently ranked the number one student in the whole of Avrion academy. He had an athletic body chiselled as if he was the son of the god of war and the looks to go with it. His short black hair complimented his masculine eyebrows and square jawline. People would think the divine being had given him the blessings of beauty. But the ones that knew Jack well knew it was more like a blessing of a warrior.

Jack only cared for one thing: fighting. He loved to fight and wanted to just fight strong opponents. He knew the line of good and bad though. This was drilled into him by his parents. To satisfy his hunger for fighting, he decided to join Avrion on the front line against the shadow plague, the strongest foe known to man.

"Cherry is there anyone that interests you?" Harry asked.

Cherry was standing right by Jack. She was a muscular girl who looked like she had been raised by wild animals. She had purple wavy hair and the body of an amazon warrior.

"Why ask if you already know the answer?"

Harry just smiled back at Cherry.

"The five people passing this exam have already been decided."

Harry and the others already knew what Cherry was talking about. Watching the fight, it was easy to see that there were currently five students who were outperforming the rest in the arena. The first one was Ray. Many students were now staying clear of him after his performance.

The next two where Sloth and Badger. They were using a pair of weapons called the Katar. They were similar to daggers only there were no hilts. You held a long bar that then extended into a triangle blade. The two twins were quick with their hands and worked well together.

They would often use a display or acrobats to avoid oncoming opponents and attack others.

The next one that had caught the third-year students' eyes was Kyle. Kyle was currently using a variation of the chain and weight as his weapon. He was skilfully using it to keep a good distance away from his opponents. The long-range of the weapon made it difficult for anyone to get close.

Lastly was Martha. She had the great sense of timing of when to strike and when to not, using the bodies of others to avoid getting hit. Every time she would take a shot at someone, she would move so others didn't know of her position.

As long as these five didn't decide to go against each other, everyone was sure that they would go through to the next round.

While Gary was busy looking at the fight from above, he heard a female voice call out his name.

"Gary over here." Jasmine waved. Then she signalled for Gary to come over and join her.

"Who's the pretty girl?" Dan asked.

"I've never seen her before." Slyvia replied, "Monk what about you?"

"Who me? No, never. I don't even know who you're talking about!"

Monk was terrible at keeping secrets and judging by his reactions everyone knew Monk was hiding something.

As Gary came over, Jasmine and he moved to a quiet place where no one was around. She then whispered in his ear,

"Do you remember that underground cave we went to, behind the red door?"

Gary was suddenly interested in what she had to say.

"Well I started having dreams about it. I was getting obsessed then I found out something…I found another way in. Another entrance apart from the red door."

Gary was suddenly very interested.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88: Betrayal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray currently stood in the centre of the arena looking at the 9 men on the floor rolling about. For some reason even though they were suffering, Ray's anger wasn't settling down. It was as if another part of his body had taken over.

Every time he would hit one of them, images of Amy, images of Gary being hurt by Pureblood, and images of Monk when he was hurt by Sebastian would flash through his head. These types of people didn't deserve to live.

Ray started walking over to the person closest to him. Everyone was watching in anticipation wondering what he was going to do.

"The boy's going to kill them. I'm telling you we need to get him out of there!" One of the elders demanded.

The old man remained silent and decided to just watch intently. Slyvia and the rest were also holding their breath, wondering what Ray would do next.

Ray bent down to the person closest him and said.

"You will never be able to use Ki, ever again."

Ray then placed his hand on top of the man's chest.

"Only two," Ray said.

Slyvia and the old man couldn't believe their eyes. The two of them were truly worried about what Ray would do. They activated the Ki in their eyes and what they saw blew their mind. It looked like the Ki was escaping from one body and going into Ray's.

Once ray had completely absorbed the man's Ki, he gently hit the contestant until his bracelet displayed the number 0. The white light surrounded the man and teleported him away.

The elders and the whole crowd watching were relived. They were holding the breath in till the very last moment.

"Looks like you were right about the boy. He isn't harming the students any further." An elder said.

The old man laughed nervously. The other elders weren't fighters like the old man so they had no clue what just happened but the old man was afraid that others might have seen the same thing he did. Especially members of Pureblood.

Ray continued going to each contestant that was lying on the floor and performed the skill mana drain on them.

…..

After absorbing 8 contestants, Ray had currently gained an additional 11 mana points, bringing his total mana pool to 21. Ray started walking over to the last person on the floor. Most of the contestants had been eliminated at this point. Only a few had seen what Ray had done and decided to not go against him.

A girl named Sarah spotted Ray in the middle of the arena draining the last man on the floor. Seeing Ray kneeling next to the man, she thought that Ray was an easy target. She readied her bow and aimed directly at Ray's back. The arrow flew through the air and bounced of Ray as if it was hitting a solid wall.

Rays bracelet now displayed.

Ray ignored the shot and continued to absorb the last contestants Ki. Then when it finally finished his points were now at 22. Ray quickly tapped the man with Ki 4 times sending him off to teleport away.

Ray stood up and turned around. He could see Sarah standing there with her bow. For some reason when looking into Ray's eyes, Sarah could feel a shiver run down her spine. She rapidly shot more arrows in Ray's direction. Ray slowly walked towards her avoiding each arrow strike by a narrow margin until he finally just a few feet away.

Sarah was shaking. She went to her quiver to get another arrow. When she looked down, she realised her quiver was empty. She no longer had any arrows. When she looked up to look at Ray again, he was already directly in front of her.

Ray grabbed Sarah by the head and started the mana drain process. No one knew what Ray was doing but Sarah could feel her energy seeping away from her. She was too frightened to move in case Ray would do something even worse.

An audience member stood up from the crowd and shouted.

"Get your hands off my daughter you monster!"

Ray looked over in the direction the voice was coming from. It was the same man who had said: "what kind of parents raised him?"

Images of Ray's father popped up in his head. How the kingdom had abandoned him when he had thought on the front lines for all those years. How when he was infected by the shadow plague the kingdom didn't send anyone to help his poor mother.

Ray pulled his fist back ready to punch Sarah in the stomach. Sarah closed her eyes as she waited for the outcome she couldn't avoid.

Suddenly, before Ray could move his fist forward, a chain wrapped around his fist and started to pull back against it. As he looked back, he saw Kyle holding on to the chain. Then the two twins Badger and Sloth came and pulled Sarah back away from Ray. Lastly, Martha was there pointing her arrow towards Ray.

"What is this about!" Ray shouted.

"Ray just leave it" Kyle responded. "Look I understand the people before deserved it, but she has done nothing wrong. She is just a contestant."

"Ray please, this isn't like you." Martha cried.

The four of them had been watching Ray's actions for a while now. In the middle of the match, they had made a pact with the twins agreeing that the five of them would go onto the next round.

The twins liked Ray and looked up to him. Whenever the dragon knight training would happen, Ray would often encourage them when they were feeling down or couldn't succeed at something.

When all the contestants were eventually defeated, they turned around to see Ray holding Sarah. They knew something was wrong with him. The pressure coming from Ray was frightening and sickly. They all acted without even needing to speak to each other.

"What do you guys even know about me!" Ray shouted back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89: Untreatable
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slyvia couldn't help herself as she watched Ray. Tears started to roll down her cheek.

"What's wrong?" Monk asked.

"Can't you see? Ray's not angry, he's sad."

Ray had a feeling in his chest that wouldn't disappear. No matter what he did the feeling seemed to stay there. He originally thought he wanted revenge. That's what he was doing now but why wasn't the feeling going away.

Then Ray realised something. Every time he would start to trust or care for people, the world would torture him in some way. The world had given him a second chance, and through that second chance, he saw how cruel humans truly were. Not just to beasts or dragons but to themselves.

He wanted to trust humans. He wanted to find a place he could call home. If he had been given the chance to just live a peaceful life then everything might have turned out fine. But the world didn't want him to. The world showed him what humans were like. It gave him red hair and he saw the discrimination people gave. Then it tested him again. When he chose to save two lives, he nearly lost his own.

When his father had been infected, no one came to help. Now it seemed like everyone was out to kill him and anyone who got close to him, even Amy who he had only met briefly.

As Ray stood in the arena in silence, the group thought they had been successful in getting through to Ray.

Suddenly Ray pulled on the chain, that was wrapped around on his right hand. Kyle tried to resist but ended up being dragged through the air. As Kyle flew close to him, Ray jumped up and slammed him on the floor with his two fists.

Kyle lay motionless at Ray's feet. Ray slowly bent down and whispered in Kyle's ear,

"You need to take your training more seriously. Focus your Ki."

Martha reacted to the sudden turn of events by firing off three arrows in the air.

Ray not only dodged them but grabbed two of the arrows and threw them towards either side of Martha. If Martha moved, she would be hit by her own arrows. Ray dashed forward and punched Martha in the stomach.

As her body slowly slumped to the ground, Ray whispered.

"Don't hesitate. Predict where I will go, not where I am."

The two twins came charging in at Ray together. Ray imbued his left foot with Ki and smashed the ground, causing pieces of the arena to fly through the air. He punched two of the bigger pieces, launching them forward and they crashed into the twins.

As the twins laid there on the floor, Ray casually walked up to them.

"It's good to be brave but without a plan, you're just throwing your lives away."

The crowd had never seen a student display such dominance in the arena before. They had just seen Ray take out 4 of the best students Avrion Academy had.

"How is this guy not in the top five rankings?"

"The other students must be crazy strong." One of the third-year students said.

Nearly all of the third-year students were staring at Slyvia and her group. If Ray wasn't qualified to be in the top 5 then these 5 here must truly be monsters.

The whole group wanted to dig a hole to hide themselves in. They knew what everyone was thinking but it simply wasn't true. Every single one of them knew Ray was the strongest out of the second years.

If it wasn't for the fact that they wanted to see the outcome of the match, they would have already disappeared.

Sarah was the last one currently standing in the arena. The other four students were too hurt to move. Ray had only hit each of them once causing 20 points of damage. Which wasn't enough to send them away.

Ray slowly walked over to Sarah. He focused the Ki to his fingertips and tapped her on the head four times. As the Bracelet started to glow, a white light surrounded her.

"I'm sorry," Ray consoled.

The announcers were so shocked by the whole event that they hadn't been commentating on anything for the last fifteen minutes of the fight.

"Ladies and Gentleman we have our five contenders going into the next round!"

A massive roar started to build up. The whole arena started to shake once more.

The crowd couldn't help but cheer and shout praises. Even if they didn't agree with his early methods, they couldn't help but praise his fighting skills.

"The next round will start in an hour. While we take our time to repair the stadium, please use this time to buy snacks and go to the toilet. You don't want to miss anything. For the next round, we have the Third-year students."

The bracelets started to glow around the five that were still in the arena. After the white light surrounded them, they were all transported to another large hall.

Ray and the others found themselves surrounded by the participants. Many of them were lying down on the floor with a bed and a medical personal next to them. The Academy was currently healing the contenders.

Even though Ray was practically undamaged from the fight, the medical personal still wanted to take a look at him.

Currently, in the Elders seating area, they were talking about Ray.

"It looks like he might be the boy in the prophecy after all."

"Yes, and did you see his angry outburst? He will bring doom to us all."

"With the right guidance he will save us. Do you want to kick the boy out? That is perhaps the very reason he will try to take us all out in the first place."

The elders carried on to quibble and argue with each other. Then Wilfred had appeared and walked over to the old man.

He whispered to the old man,

"I did as you asked and had a look at the students, it seems you were right. They can no longer gather their Ki. The doctors say it might be temporary but I fear for the worst."

The old man and Wilfred were worried. They needed to do everything in power to avoid anyone catching word of this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90: Fixing the family
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After watching Ray fight, Gary felt tense all over his body. He was itching to get out and move. All he wanted to do right now was swing his sword at something. He was kind of jealous that the other participants got to fight while he had to stay up here and watch.

Gary knew more than anyone how strong Ray truly was but seeing it now in front of him, Gary felt like he was just falling further and further behind.

But what scared Gary more than anything, was there were even stronger people and beasts then him out there. If he wanted to punish the people who had killed his sister, then he needed to become strong enough to take on anyone that got in his way.

Nobles hired many talented knights as guards and some even had their own army. Gary wasn't just planning on taking out the person who killed his sister but every single one related to them as well. He wanted them to feel the same pain as he did.

As the match finished, Gary started to walk off away from the group. He needed to get some swings in to calm himself down.

He walked off without saying a word. Slyvia tried to go after him but Martha grabbed her by the arm to stop her.

"It's best if we just let him deal with it himself. Gary's strong, remember last time he eventually got out of that right? When he truly needs our help, that's when we'll come to get him."

Slyvia understood Martha's words but she couldn't help but get the feeling that this small little family she had built was starting to fall apart and as she was the leader, she was the one who needed to fix it.

Gary arrived at the training hall. It was a place for participants to practice before their upcoming fight. All of the second-year students had just finished fighting so currently only the third-year students were inside waiting to be called for the next event.

Gary wanted to blow off some steam and the training dolls in the training room were perfect for that exact thing.

Gary activated one of the training dolls at the highest levels and started hacking away at it. The onlookers were impressed. Gary managed to avoid every strike while dealing a strike back in a fatal position.

Gary was unaware but currently, many of the third-year students were watching him practice.

"He's the number one ranked student out of the second years. What do you think of him, Harry?"

A third-year student asked.

"The other one is more my type," Harry replied.

"The boy looks good; his style reminds me of yours. He might actually be even better." Cherry said with a slight smile.

Harry knew that Cherry was trying to rile him up, but it still worked. Harry slowly started to walk closer to where Gary was training with the doll.

After five minutes of impressive sword work and pinpoint accuracy, Gary decided to take a break.

As soon as he did, Harry walked over to the same training doll. He drew his sword and activated the training doll to the same level as Gary.

The doll started and so did Harry. Harry started slashing and avoiding the dolls strike continually. After a while, people realised what Harry was doing. He was currently displaying the exact same moves that Gary had performed.

Every single dodge and strike back, where exactly the same. On the last strike, Harry infused his sword Ki and wacked the dolls head towards Gary.

The dolls head went flying through the air and Gary moved his head at the last second.

"It was easier than I thought," Harry said looking towards Gary.

The third-year students didn't know what to say. They had known Harry for the longest time and he was only ranked 50 in the student rankings. He was a good fighter but not at the level where he could do something like that.

The others started to wonder if Harry had been hiding his strength this whole time.

"If you want a fight, you just have to ask." Gary then pulled out his sword and started walking over to Harry.

The third-year students were getting excited. They couldn't wait to see a battle between two skilled swordsmen. The two were only a short distance away from each other and it looked like at any second they would clash heads.

Just then, a female's voice could be heard.

"There you are!" Slyvia shouted.

Slyvia came rushing over and grabbed Gary by the hand.

"Come on, the third-years' round is about to start let's get going," Slyvia said as she dragged Gary out of the room.

Slyvia had been peeking through the door for a while now, thinking of what to say to Gary. Then she saw that Gary was currently going to get into a fight. If he did, then he would have been disqualified from the tournament. At the last second, she had no choice but to barge in and save him.

While being dragged away by Slyvia, Gary realised the grave mistake he could have just committed. If he couldn't compete in the tournament it meant he wouldn't be in the top five.

"Thank you," Gary said.

"Hey, I'm the leader right? It's my job to keep you guys all safe."

Slyvia and Gary had arrived at where the rest of the group currently were. They were standing on the balcony of the arena getting ready for the next round to start at any moment.

When Slyvia looked at the group she noticed that someone was missing: that was Ray. Ray should have long been released by the medical team by now, especially since he hadn't received any injuries.

Slyvia went running around everywhere looking for Ray. She checked every location she could think of. Finally, while running around the hallways she spotted Ray talking to Wilfred just outside the Elders temporary room. She quickly hid around the corridor corner not wanting to interrupt their conversation.

"What did you just say Ray!" Wilfred shouted.

Ray repeated himself once more.

"I want to drop out of the tournament."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91: Third year winners
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slyvia could no longer hear the conversation between Ray and Wilfred. After that shocking reveal, it seemed like the two had quietened down to discuss something. After a back and forth between the two of them, they eventually parted ways and Ray started to make his way back.

As Ray turned the corner, he spotted Slyvia there.

"Did you hear the conversation between Wilfred and me?" Ray asked.

"Only a little."

"Well, don't worry about it," Ray said as he continued to walk off.

"Wait!" Slyvia shouted, "I know you feel bad about what you did, but no one blames you. The others told me what you said to them. You were just trying to help them."

Ray stayed silent for a little while before he decided to reply.

"Do you know why I acted like that?"

"I don't know why... but all I know is you looked sad."

Ray then felt something in his chest again. He finally came to the realization he wasn't angry; he was sad. He didn't want to admit it to himself this whole time but the death of Amy had affected him more then he thought.

"Gary's sister died. She was… now that I think about it, I don't know why I was so stubborn. Perhaps because she was a human, I didn't want to believe it, but she was my first friend."

Slyvia understood, she had heard the stories from the other red-haired children about how they grew up. How they were outcasted and treated like children of Sen. From just these words she could tell that Amy meant a lot to him. The one thing Slyvia was stumped on was when Ray said: "Because she was a human." But Slyvia simply thought Ray had misspoken.

Slyvia then held out her hand.

"You're not alone Ray."

Ray thought about it for a while. Perhaps if he hadn't been so stubborn with himself and accepted the humans around him as friends, then maybe he could do something about it. In the past, he wasn't able to protect the people he cared about. But right now, there were people right next to him that he wanted to protect.

Humans were cruel but Ray found out not all of them were. Some deserved to be punished and Ray would continue to do so. But there were also those that Ray now wanted to protect.

Ray held Sylvia's hand and said, "thank you."

Slyvia blushed a little before letting go and the two of them carried on walking to meet up with the others.

The two of them had finally arrived at the balcony with the others.

"Slyvia your face is a little red. Did something happen between the two of you?" Martha asked jokingly.

Slyvia head was now so hot it looked like steam was about to emit from it.

"No, no I found him in the hall and we just got here."

Just then the announcers started to speak.

"Ladies and gentleman thank you for waiting. It is time for the next event to begin. It will now be starting in 3….2….1… go!"

The match began and everyone's eyes were now focused on down below.

"Hey Gary, I don't see your girlfriend anywhere?" Dan said.

Gary was slightly confused by Dan's comment.

"He's talking about Jasmine," Monk replied.

Just then everyone turned and smiled at Monk.

"Oh, so it looks like you do know something about her?" Dan said.

Gary started to look around the arena for Jasmine but he too couldn't see her.

"Relax, she's just a third-year black sash knight. She helped us out at training a few times that's all." Gary said while he was still trying to find her.

Martha pouted.

"So boring. You guy's need to start thinking about romance once in while instead of swords all the time."

Ray started to focus and try to find Jasmine himself. It was hard for him to see but eventually, he found a space in the arena where it was slightly distorted. Jasmine had gotten better at using her black sash skills but so did Ray.

As the match continued, many contestants were quickly eliminated. Just like with the second years, there seemed to be a big difference in power between those in the top ten compared to the rest of the Academy.

"Is there anyone that catches your eye Gary?" Slyvia asked as she could see Gary was clearly focused on someone.

"The blonde boy at the back."

Gary was currently focused on Harry. Surprisingly Harry was currently the only student on the field who still had all of his HP. He hadn't been hit once. Even Jasmine who had been hiding had been hit by a stray arrow and lost some HP.

Harry's style of fighting was beautiful. His swordsmanship was almost like a dance. He would be able to lead his opponents into the right place to attack and once he had them where he wanted. He would make quick work of them hitting all the vital parts.

"Yes, he's very impressive. His style reminds me of yours a little bit, but different at the same time. While you attack more instinctively, it seems like his style if more planned." Slyvia replied.

Gary didn't know about Harry but he knew about himself. He couldn't quite explain it but when he fought against people, sometimes these white lines would just show up telling him where to strike. The white lines occasionally appeared on a body or creature and as long as he followed that path, he would do critical damage. It wouldn't happen all the time but only in situations where he was desperate.

The last time Gary experienced this was when he was fighting the Pureblood member. Gary had been training every day since to try to get the same feeling to come again. He was hoping if he found a way to activate it at will, then he would be unstoppable.

"We have our five winners!"

Currently, standing in the ring were the five contestants that would go through to the elimination rounds. Harry had shown the most skill with his sword work.

The next was a contender named Geo. He was a giant for his age and his main weapon was a two-handed axe. There were also two female warriors who worked together named Violet and Aqua. The two of them were sisters who used a metal fan to fight.

Everyone in the arena was slightly confused. They could only see four in the ring: Harry, Geo, Violet and Aqua, but then suddenly dark shadows started to form in the centre of the arena. Once the shadows had disappeared, out came Jasmine.

These were the five students going into the next round.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92 - Who vs Who
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The first round of the tournament had finished and the third-year students were taken to the medical bay. Once everyone was healed up, they asked the ten winning students from each year to meet back out on the arena.

Currently standing in the arena form the second-year students were Gary, Slyvia, Dan, Martha, Monk, Kyle, Ian, Ray, Badger and Sloth. They looked at each other and smiled. Each of them had managed to keep their promise with each other and made it through to the next round.

Standing on the other side were the third-year students. Jack, Cherry, Harry, Jasmine were the ones that the others recognised. The others where Geo, Nay, Violet and Aqua. The last person hadn't arrived on the field yet but was the second rank student named Killer.

Wilfred was stood in the centre with a holographic display behind him.

"Unfortunately, Killer can't make it due to personal matters but we are here today to congratulate these twenty fine students. The best of the best at Avrion academy!"

The crowd cheered even louder than they had done before. Each and every one of the students had displayed an amazing level of skill. The audience thought that these were the best and strongest students they had seen at Avrion before and they hadn't even witnessed the top five of each year fight yet.

Many of the people in the audience were nobles and they were sure to send their sons and daughters to Avrion academy as soon as they could.

Wilfred cleared his throat before he continued speaking.

"For the next round, we have a surprise for you all. The second-year students have exceeded our expectations and have been the best we have seen since the start of Avrion academy. We have decided to change things from the usual routine of past tournaments. Behold!"

Wilfred pointed to a large holographic display behind him. Then a bracket sheet had appeared with each and every one of the student's names and who their opponent was that they were facing.

The holographic screen Displayed this:

Martha vs Cherry

Gary Vs Harry

Monk Vs Jasmine

Ian Vs Geo

Kyle VS Nay

Dan Vs Arthur

Ray Vs Killer

Badger Vs violet

Sloth Vs Aqua

Slyvia VS Jack

The second-year students' eyes looked like they were about pop out of their skull.

"We have decided to have the second-year students face off against the third-year students. The winners of each fight will earn a place in the Avrion academy team to the All kingdom tournament.

Ray had known about this beforehand. While Wilfred and Ray were talking, Wilfred had informed of his plans to Ray. Wilfred managed to convince Ray to stay in the tournament. Wilfred couldn't explain why but simply said it had something to do with Pureblood. This got Ray interested and, in the end, he decided to take part.

Gary was pleased he would get the chance to face Harry. Ever since their encounter in the training room, Gary wanted to fight Harry more than anyone else. And as if someone could hear his wishes, he was granted this fight. If he had known that Harry had once beaten Ray, Gary would have been even more excited.

Slyvia, on the other hand, was the most concerned. She currently had to face the strongest person at the academy, Jack. Slyvia had never been confident in her one on one skills. She knew she had a tough battle ahead of her.

Slyvia felt like she currently had the whole world on her shoulders. She looked into the crowd and she could see her 5 older siblings looking at her back. She needed to prove to her family that she wasn't worthless just because she didn't have magic.

Monk was going up against Jasmine. Monk knew Jasmine's skills well she was exceptionally good at using the black sash skills. Before he knew about Jasmine, Monk took pride in being the best at learning the black sash skills.

If Monk wanted to get better, he knew he needed to beat her.

Ray wasn't too concerned. He knew whoever he would be facing, he would most likely defeat with ease. He had more Ki than ever now. After absorbing the ten students he had an additional 21 mana points in his mana pool. When he had ten, he was able to defeat an intermediate beast in one shot.

"The First match will begin tomorrow at midday. Please enjoy your time in the city and everyone get a good rest."

The joyous mood between Ray's group was quickly replaced with seriousness. Everyone had their opponent on their mind. The walk back to the dorm was near enough silent.

When the group eventually reached the academy, everyone started to split off in sperate directions, saying they needed to train. In the end, Ray was the only one left in the room.

Ray went to lie down and rest on his bed. When he put his hand under his pillow to get some sleep, he felt a piece of paper. He pulled out the piece of paper which read:

Meet me at the arena at 9:00

Ray started to wonder who had left the message. He could only think that it had to be someone from the academy. Then one thought came to his mind, Pureblood.

Perhaps this was a trap set up by them. Although Wilfred had told Ray to come to him if anything like this happened, Ray chose not to. Ray wasn't afraid though. Ray estimated that his current strength was probably on par with anyone they could hire as a bodyguard for him.

It was nearly time for the meeting at 9:00 PM. There were guards stationed outside the arena but it was easy for Ray to avoid detection and sneak in. When he finally arrived at the arena, the field was completely empty.

The guards were only stationed on the outside, there was not a soul inside. Ray eventually went down to the centre of the arena and waited.

Then a voice was heard.

"I finally get to speak to you?" He said.

As Ray turned around. He recognised it was Jack, the number one ranked student in the academy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93 - Strong body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Ray turned around, he could see Jack standing there. Jack didn't wear much armour. He had a leather sleeveless vest on and just some standard trousers. But the one thing that did stand out on Jack was the giant great sword he held on his back. It Looked like it had been carved from a giant Magical beast tooth. The sword was the same size as Jack himself.

Ray could tell that Jack wasn't like the other students. His dragon eyes were telling him differently. While most master knights were able to control their aura and Ki making it hard for Ray to tell how strong they were, Jack was just letting all of the energy flow out of him and currently, it was running wild.

"I finally get to meet you. It's a shame that the two of us didn't get matched up together, which means this may be the only chance we get to fight." Jack then pulled his great sword from his back. The giant sword looked weightless in Jack's hand.

"So, is that why you sent that note? So, the two of us would battle? You're not a member of Pureblood, are you?"

All though Ray asked these questions, he didn't expect Jack to admit it. Ray wanted to see if Jack's reaction would change at the mention of Pureblood.

"Note, what note? I simply spotted you and decided to follow. What a perfect place you chose to have our showdown."

Ray was then slightly confused. If Jack didn't send that note, then that meant someone else did.

"Enough talking let's go."

Jack suddenly charged in towards Ray. As Jack's giant great sword came down, Ray infused his Ki into his gauntlets. The two them clashed sending waves of power through the arena.

"I knew you were strong!" Jack exclaimed, the excitement in his eyes growing with each passing moment.

Jack had expected the great sword to slice right through the gauntlets or even for Ray to have dodged. Instead, he decided to take it head-on.

Ray felt the strength behind Jack's attack and thought it felt like that of the minotaur. The two were currently in a stalemate of power with nether one budging.

But then, something caught Ray's eye. Behind Jack, a dark figured appeared. It was fully dressed in black beast armour but one thing stood out: the red mask.

"Yes!" Ray shouted.

Now with the extra mana supplementing his Ki, he threw the giant blade with Jack of to one side and went straight for the man in the red mask.

Ray threw a fist out at the man with all his extra Ki. The red mask man brought out a spear using the pole to block the attack. The pole bent backwards but just when it looked like it was about to give. It bounced back reflecting the force back onto Ray.

Ray was sent flying backwards around ten feet. Ray then dug his hand using his fingertips into the ground to try to stop the momentum. Still, he carried on being dragged back a few feet until he eventually stopped.

"What in the…?" Ray was taken aback. He thought in his current state, there wouldn't be many people who could take the full force of his punch like that.

Then the red masked man dashed towards Ray with the spear to finish him off. But before the red masked man could even move a few feet, a giant great sword came smashing down into the ground stopping the red masked man.

"What are you doing getting in the way of my fight!" Jack demanded.

He then pointed his great sword at the red masked man's head.

"You look strong. Fight me!"

The red masked man tried moving around Jack trying to get to Ray. He would strike with his spear making Jack block then try to manoeuvre around him, but Jack was strong. He wasn't going to let the red masked man go that easy. Every time the masked man would move, Jack would swing his great sword blocking the red man's path.

The red masked man then made a signal with his hand. Suddenly, 5 men in the red masks descended into the arena around Ray. While the leader was preoccupied with Jack, the other 5 men charged at ray.

Jack and the leader resumed their fight. Despite Jack's power and accuracy with his sword, the leader was always one step ahead of him and Jack's strikes would miss the leader by a few inches. The leader was simply too fast for Jack. Then when the leader saw an opening, he went for a stab with his spear. As the tip of the spear hit Jack's body, the spear started to bend.

"You really think, you can hurt me?" Jack patronized as he took another swing at the leader. The leader jumped back a few steps.

Jack wasn't going to give the leader any time to rest. With Jack's Ki-reinforced body he had nothing to worry about. He could swing as he wished knowing he wouldn't get hurt.

Jack had an abnormal amount of Ki from a young age. The problem was he was never able to control it.

Unlike others, Jack wasn't able to control his Ki to specific parts of his body or into the weapons he used. Instead, his Ki was always active all around his body.

Any other Kid with this amount of Ki from a young age would have died but Jack's body was one of a kind.

Jack took another swing at the leader, this time it was too fast for the leader to avoid. The leader lifted up his spear, as he did against Ray. Unlike with Ray, the leader was sent flying through the air. The momentum from Jack's strike propelled the leader skidding across the ground until he crashed into the arena walls.

The leader was confused. The spear had an ability to reflect any Ki back onto the user attacking it. This was why it was so effective on Ray. Why didn't it work on Jack? The leader thought.

This was because Jack never used any Ki in his strikes in the first place. He didn't know how to.

As the leader stood up, his face mask started to crumble and pieces started to fall on the ground.

Jack could see the man's face he had been fighting.

"Killer!" Jack exclaimed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94 - Purple liquid
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Killer stood up from the ground. With his mask broken, there was no longer any need to continue wearing it. He ripped off the remainder of the mask and threw it to the ground.

Jack started to laugh out loud.

"Looks like you hid your real strength this whole time!" Jack said.

Killer was currently ranked second in the academy while Jack was number one. Although their positions seemed close on the leader board, in reality to the academy, the two were very far apart in terms of power. In the few matches they had with each other, Jack would come out as the clear winner.

But right now, Killer had shown Jack skills he had never seen before.

Ray was currently injured quite badly; his fanged boar armour had been completely destroyed by the blowback from the spear and his whole body was damaged. The mana Ray used would take a while to come regenerate so all he could do was use his normal amount of Ki.

He was currently facing 5 opponents at the same time while damaged and with no chest armour. The 5 Ray was currently facing weren't as strong as the leader. If Ray had to face all 6 of them at the same time it would have been a big struggle.

Ray thought to himself it was lucky that Jack was here and keeping the leader busy. Although Jack originally came here looking for trouble, he was now helping Ray greatly. Ray would owe the man one in the future.

Ray was currently demonstrating amazing footwork avoiding his opponents' strikes, blending in with the shadows and then attacking them from behind. Ray was doing just enough to keep them all busy and not get hurt back.

The black sash knight skills truly came in handy at night time and at a time like this. What Ray needed more than anything right now was time. His mana would eventually return and in doing so would allow him to take out these small fries.

Killer pulled out a small glass test tube. The glass tube had a purple liquid flowing inside of it. Killer took a quick glance at Jack before deciding the drink the purple liquid. Jack thought nothing of it and thought it was most likely a healing potion created by alchemy.

There were many types of potions created using beast crystals and rare plants. Although none was as useful as mages' healing magic, some of them had special effects such as not allowing the user to feel pain and giving the user confidence. Other than that, they didn't really do much.

Jack went charging in towards Killer hoping to finish him off with one more strike.

Despite his current engagement with the 5 red masked men, Ray had been taking quick glances from the corner of his eye to spectate the two battle. When he saw the purple liquid, he had a bad feeling. As soon as Killer took the purple liquid his aura changed.

It got three times as strong and not only that, it went from yellow to a purple mix. It was the shadow plague.

"Wait!" Ray shouted at Jack.

Jack heard Ray shout from the other side of the arena. He was wondering what Ray was so worried about.

Jack continued to charge in. He knew that Killer wasn't able to hurt his body so what did he have to worry about.

As he got closer, he though his instincts were telling him to back away. At the last second, Jack decided to jump back. A swing from Killers spear managed to scratch the surface of Jack's skin causing him to bleed.

For the first time in a long time, Jack was shedding blood.

Ray was struggling to think of what to do. The opponents right now were too strong for Noir to fight, and Jack might attack the beast thinking it was on the enemy's side.

Ray had gained 5 mana points back in total. It wasn't enough to take out the 5 and Killer but he needed to do something fast.

Suddenly, Ray's mana points dropped down to 0. His gauntlets started to turn a slight ice blue chill colour. Frost was starting to form on parts of the gloves.

A red masked man swung his blade at Ray. Ray then grabbed the blade. Ice started to form surrounding the whole blade and then *SNAP* the blade broke in half. Ray punched the man in the stomach.

Ray had currently used the rest of his mana points to infuse the Ice attribute into his weapons.

The situation between Killer and Jack was now reversed. Jack was doing his best to avoid each and every strike. Luckily for him, his weapon was very durable, managing to block the spear. The attacks that Jack wasn't able to block started to leave cuts on his skin.

Slowly Jack was starting to get worn down.

"Not so strong now are you Jack!" Killer berated.

Jack was enraged by the comment. He wasn't used to being on the defensive in a fight and it wasn't really working for him. He then chose to attack back. With each strike Jack threw it was returned with a stab by the spear.

After 5 minutes of this, Jack had punctures all over his body. Blood was oozing out from him from all over.

"I'm amazed you can still stand, but this is the end."

Killer gathered his Ki for one last strike aiming straight for Jack's head. The attack was too fast for Jack to move.

When the blade was about to pierce his head, a hand reached out and grabbed the spear.

"How did you…!" Killer was shocked to see Ray come over here.

Killer looked at his men to the side and could see they all had been beaten. While Jack was busy fighting, Ray managed to defeat the five men using the ice attribute. He knew he wouldn't have enough strength after but that didn't matter.

Ray had the skill Mana Drain. He then went over to each of the five men on the ground and started to absorb their mana. Ray not only got his mana back, but he was able to nearly double his original mana pool.

The spear started to freeze; Killer quickly pulled it back. Jack started to collapse and as he was just about to hit the floor, he landed on a soft furry body. Noir had been summoned and took Jack to the edge of the arena.

"Now it's my turn!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95 - Life on the line
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jack was currently at the edge of the arena slumped down with his back up against the wall. He wasn't passed out but was badly hurt keeping an eye on Ray fighting Killer. He had never been this hurt in his life before. He was wondering what on earth that purple liquid Killer took was. That was the turning point of their battle.

Right now though, there wasn't much he could do but hope Ray was strong enough to beat him.

Although Ray had gotten some of his mana back, he was still struggling in the fight against Killer. He was still badly injured from before. Ray thought hard about it until he came to a conclusion.

Ray figured out the trick to the spear. There was an advanced beast called the spider crab. The spider crab's shell was special. It had the ability to bounce back attacks of a certain level. Killer's spear was made from the advanced beast of the spider crab.

Ray was struggling. He could attack but because of the weapon, but he wasn't able to put any Ki into his attacks. If he did, it would only recoil back onto himself like before.

Killer's weapon was not only a higher tier than Ray's but also Killer was able to put his Ki into the spear. Although elemental attacks would work, without Ki or mana they were basically useless.

The only thing that was keeping Ray in the battle currently was his footwork from the black sash training and his hand to hand combat skills learnt from the old man. Ray's chest was currently exposed due to the damage he took. He no longer had the fanged boar armour.

The attacks were coming in fierce and fast like a snake but Ray would knock each one away. Jack was amazed. Not only was Ray strong physically but he was also skilled.

"Dammit if I had dealt with him early on it wouldn't have been a problem. It looks like his speed, his power, everything has doubled." Ray thought to himself.

Ray wished right now he had some of his dragon skills. With the fire and ice attribute at most, he could transfer it to what he was wearing. He wasn't able to cast a fireball or an ice ball. This way he could create a diversion.

As a spear attack came down on Ray, he went to uppercut the spear as hard as he could without using any Ki. It was the only thing he could do. As the two weapons collided, Ray could hear a cracking sound in his gauntlets.

Ray had more strength than the average human. Even without Ki, he would be able to match some students in terms of raw power but the main problem right now was his intermediate Gauntlets weren't good enough to go up against an advanced tier weapon.

When Ray was starting to run out of ideas, a voice sounded from behind.

"Here!" Jack said as he barley stood up holding his great sword.

Jack then threw the great sword in the air towards Ray.

Ray leapt up and caught the weapon.

"You need a better weapon, right? Well, you can borrow my baby girl for a little while."

Jack had been watching Ray for a while now. When he saw Ray's gauntlets nearly break, he knew he needed to help out somehow. Jack was reluctant to give the weapon to Ray. There weren't many that could wield it for its huge size and weight. But if there was anyone who had a chance, it was Ray.

Ray happily took the great sword from Jack and went on the attack against Killer. The sword was indeed heavy for Ray forcing him to use two hands to swing the thing.

The two weapons clashed with thunderous roars, sending out shockwaves throughout the arena. The weapon Jack had lent Ray was the same tier.

The two of them were even in terms of power. Ray knew he needed to do something to turn the tide. Ray gripped the great sword in his right hand. It was going to take all of his power to hold it with one hand and use it properly.

A spear strike came stabbing towards Ray's head. He moved to the side and grabbed the spear with his left hand.

Ray used the remainder of his mana to freeze his hand with the spear. Ice started to not only cover the spear but Ray's entire left arm as well. The spear's special skill had activated recoiling the damage back to Ray.

It was risky. If Killer had the strength to move the spear there was a chance Ray could lose his arm. With Ray's right arm he went to swing the great sword, his veins were bulging out of his arm as he gathered every ounce of strength he had.

The great sword weighed a ton and it took all of his strength to swing with one arm. He had used all of his mana and Ki on the ice attribute. So, he had to finish killer of with his pure strength.

Killer was reluctant to let go of the spear but he knew if he didn't, he'd be a goner. As the great sword came closer to his head, he finally decided he had to let go and escape but when he tried to pull away, the ice had already started to reach Killers' hand, causing him to be stuck to the spear.

The great sword sliced right in between killer's head and shoulders cutting his head off.

Ray was sweating hard; his heart was beating fast. Too many times now he had been in a life or death situation. His hand was still stuck frozen to the spear. Ray walked over to Killers' body and placed his hand on Killer's chest.

"Mana drain"

"Was it because of the shadow plague?" Ray thought. After Killer had absorbed the purple liquid, his aura changed from yellow to a purple just like the dark guild members.

"Are Pureblood and the Dark Guild related to the Shadow Plague somehow?"

Then another notification sound came up.

It seemed like to Ray whenever he got out of a life or death situation, he unlocked a new skill. Maybe the system was rewarding him for that.

Ray thought back to all the situations so far: when he defeated the black wolf, when he fought the dark guild members, when he fought the minotaur and now when he thought against the pureblood member.

But that couldn't be right because there was one instance where Ray didn't receive a skill. The first time he fought Pureblood with Gary against Lancy. If that was the case, that situation was just as tough as this one, yet he didn't receive a skill at that time.

Ray then quickly went to search for Killer to see if he had anything on him. Then Ray managed to find an extra vile of purple liquid in a small glass test tube. Ray held the test tube up with his right hand.

"So, this is what Killer drank…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96 - Skill Transform
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray's left arm was still currently frozen solid. He needed to wait for his mana to come back to activate his fire attribute and melt the ice away. As it was, Ray's mana returned at a rate of 1 point for every five minutes that passed. If he sat down and focused, this rate could increase to one mana point per minute.

Ray sat down and started to focus in order to get his mana points back. As he did, he went to look at the new skill he had obtained.

The skill transform allowed Ray to change his appearance. Although Ray was originally happy when he first saw this, his opinion quickly changed when he read the description.

Ray saw that the description had many restrictions. Ray would only be able to transform his appearance and not alter any of the features on his body. What this basically meant was he could change his face to appear as another person and skin colour but nothing else.

Not only that but the skill required him to maintain an output mana, unlike his dragon eyes. While using the skill transform, it would use up 5 mana points per hour of transformation. Although this skill was pretty much useless for battle, Ray thought of other ways he could use this skill in the future.

Ray then thought about the purple vile he had obtained. It seemed to contain the essence of the shadow plague. It not only infected Killer but also made him stronger. Ray was wondering if he would be able to give the vile to someone who knew what to do with it. He would have to wait until he was out of the academy. There were more members of Pureblood than the academy originally thought, and it was even worse now that perhaps it was all linked to the shadow plague somehow.

If he gave it to someone in the academy it would probably disappear without Ray ever finding out what it was.

Finally, Ray had restored enough mana points to activate the fire attribute into his right gauntlet. He then took it to his left arm and started to thaw out his arm until it was completely free to move again.

After his arm was completely thawed out, Ray went to each of the bodies on the floor and started to burn them until there was nothing left but ashes. Ray was afraid that if he left the place and left the bodies there, someone would find them and it would only cause him more problems.

Ray didn't come out of the fight empty-handed though. He got to keep the spear that Killer used. It was an advanced tier weapon with the ability to reflect low magic spells and Ki. It was a shame that Ray didn't really fight with a spear. He thought about giving it to Dan but then the pureblood members would target Dan for having it.

For now, he would just have to keep it somewhere safe for the time being. Ray then picked up the great sword and started walking over towards Jack.

Jack was bloody all over and needed medical help soon.

"Here you go," Ray said as he handed the weapon back to Jack. "Thank you for letting me borrow it."

"No problem. So you're a mage then?" Jack said.

Jack had seen Ray freeze the spear as well as burn the bodies. Jack was right to think that Ray was a mage, but he had never heard of a mage that could fight as well as Ray and also perform magic.

It took mages years to learn how to use their magic properly, so they didn't have time to focus on fighting skills unless they were hundreds of years old.

"I hope I don't have to explain that it's important that you keep this a secret from everyone?" Ray asked.

"Are you crazy? You saved my life. I owe you at least that."

Jack had been brought up in a well-off noble family. But they weren't like others. His father had worked up from a foot soldier and eventually became a general for the Alure Kingdom while his mother was an A-ranked adventurer.

The two of them brought up Jack well and taught him to always pay back those that you owe a favour to. And right now, Jack owed Ray his life. Jack thought if Ray ever needed him to risk his life for something he would do so without hesitation.

Jack saw something special in Ray and thought that this man would soon change the world and he wanted to be a part of it.

Jack then stuck his great sword down and tried his best to get down on one knee.

"I Jack Glee, owe my life to my saviour. I promise if there's anything you ever need help with in the future, I will serve you at the risk of my own life."

Ray liked people like Jack. They were honest and straightforward.

Ray then summoned Noir and asked for both of them to get on her.

"You can also summon a beast! I was a fool to think I could beat you right now."

Jack was happy to find out that there were still many strong people in this world. He had long grown bored of the academy. He felt like following Ray would get him in even more interesting scenarios allowing him to fight strong opponents like he did today.

Ray dropped off Jack at the hospital so they could heal his wounds in time for the match tomorrow. Jack then remembered that Ray was also seriously injured by Killer.

"Aren't you going to come in too?" Jack asked.

Ray then showed his chest was originally there was a mark form the impact but right now there was nothing there.

"My body is special so don't worry about it, I'll be fine by tomorrow."

After leaving Jack at the hospital, Ray started to walk towards his room. He was debating whether he should tell Wilfred of the events that occurred today. The problem was there were too many people Ray couldn't trust. Pureblood was an organisation that just disagreed with the prophecy, but finding out the shadow plague is involved made everything a lot more serious.

The shadow had already infiltrated Avrion and they didn't even know it. It could only mean that the people at the top were responsible. Either a master knight or an elder.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97 - New Equipment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had decided to wake up earlier than usual today. The others had come back later than him and were out all night training. They needed good rest for the fights that they had in front of them. Meanwhile, Ray knew he had no opponent, meaning there was nothing for him to worry about.

Ray was originally meant to go up against Killer. Well with Killer now being a pile of ashes, that was impossible. Ray's injuries had healed up through the night but his equipment was still in poor condition.

Ray decided to head down to the blacksmith to see if there was anything he could do. After entering the shop, this time to the owner was nicer than ever to Ray. As soon as Ray entered, the owner bowed down and greeted him. Something he had never done before.

It frightened Ray to think what Slyvia must have done to him. It also made him realise that her family must hold great power and sway throughout the kingdom to even have influence in the Academy.

"Is there any way you can fix this?" Ray took at a single right pictorial piece and a bunch of other shattered pieces and laid them out on the table.

The owner rubbed his glasses to see if he was seeing things.

"Sir you must be joking. This thing is beyond repair. All though we did just get this new Armadillo advanced chest piece if you would like a new one?"

The owner couldn't help but think what on earth Ray had done to get his equipment in a state like this. The fanged boar piece wasn't weak. Even a cannon shot wouldn't have damaged it this badly. The owner grew even more suspicious of Ray.

The owner shuffled over to the showcase against the right wall of the shop to take out the Armadillo chest piece and let Ray examine it. The shelves holding armour on the side wall were currently encased in reinforced glass so no one would be able to steal the highly valued armours and if someone did manage to break the glass, steel bars would immediately drop down from the ceiling.

The armadillo piece had a beautiful orange shine with cone-shaped interlocking scales. It had been refined down to give it a sturdy strong defence.

The piece looked nice and Ray was due for an upgrade on his equipment. As Ray got closer to the piece, he could see the price tag "10,000 Coins". Ray currently held Ten intermediate crystals so he would be able to trade for the amour piece but a student couldn't get their hands on that much coin or that many crystals.

The owner also knew Ray was a student of Avrion academy and had already suspected him once of stealing basic tier crystals. If he was suddenly to pull out ten the owner would have a heart attack.

"It's okay I could never afford that," Ray said.

The owner smiled; he knew that the student in front of him had no way of paying for the equipment. The owner simply wanted to boast about the new piece of armour that had come in.

"Could you fix these for me then?" Ray asked as he placed his two gauntlets on the table.

The owner took a good look at them, again wondering what Ray had been through to get the gauntlets in this type of condition.

"It will take me a while but I think I can work on it." The owner replied.

Ray was happy. The gauntlets were a gift from the old man. He currently didn't have his own set and gauntlets were a rare item so the shop didn't sell any. He relied on the gauntlets a lot these days, since he mainly used martial arts to fight rather than his sword.

Ideally, he would have loved for Killer to have dropped a sword instead of a spear. The spear was currently useless to him and was hidden under Ray's bed with a whole load of other things. Ray currently didn't have anywhere to put them so this was his only option.

Ray could buy a spatial manipulation bag, but they costed a fortune. A tier ten mage had to inscribe the bag with a specific advanced tier crystal. So not only were they expensive but also rare.

Ray decided to go for a walk around the academy while waiting for his gauntlets to be repaired. While walking around, he saw one of the red sash squires giving a tour of the academy to a crowd of people. The crowd was filled with parents, nobles, merchants and even adventurers.

"And further down the hall, we have the blacksmithing area. Inside the blacksmithing area, there is a shop where students are able to buy and sell equipment. It is also a space used by students of the blacksmithing club who wish to learn how to forge beast equipment." The red squire knight said as he walked past.

As the nobles walked past Ray, they couldn't help but start to whisper to themselves.

"Isn't that the red-haired boy who was in the tournament?"

"Yes, I think your right, how scary."

Ray walked past the crowd of people and decided to ignore them. As he walked past, he noticed the adventures carrying really nice equipment. The upside of being an adventurer was you often went out on quests to slay magical beasts giving you many opportunities to obtain strong crystal cores.

Then a light bulb moment came to Ray's mind as he saw the adventurers walk past. Ray quickly rushed back to his room and went looking under his bed. Everyone else had already left the room in preparation for their upcoming match which was perfect for Ray.

Underneath Ray's bed, he pulled a small chest and with the touch of his finger, the chest unlocked. The chest was inscribed with magic so only the user was allowed to open the chest. Of course, if you had greater Ki or magic then the spell inscribed, someone could break it.

Ray opened the chest and took out the ten intermediate beast crystals.

He went over to the girls' side of the room where they had a long full body mirror.

Suddenly, a white mist surrounded Ray's entire body. Then slowly the mist started to disappear. Out of the mist came a black-haired handsome man wearing all sorts of high-end beast gear. Although Ray currently looked impressive and looked like a strong adventurer, everything was currently an illusion created from his skill, transform.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98 - Handsome man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The transformation skill currently took 5 mana points for every hour Ray was fully transformed. Ray currently had a total of 43 mana points. This meant at the moment, he could stay in his current form for around another 8 hours. This was, of course, as long as he didn't have to fight using this form as that would also take up additional mana.

Ray looked at himself in the mirror one more time before heading off. Although he didn't really have any interest in humans, he thought he had a done a dam good job creating a handsome one using his skill transform.

After leaving the room with his ten crystals in hand, he decided to head back to the blacksmith shop. While walking through the halls, many of the female students couldn't help but look his way.

Ray was right. He had created one of the most handsome men to walk the earth. The females and even male students couldn't help but stare in admiration. Not only that, the equipment he was wearing screamed high-quality beast gear. But unknown to them it was all an illusion.

Ray wasn't used to the friendly treatment. Students would greet him in the hallway and ask him if there was anything he needed. It was completely different from when he was Ray.

"This world is quick to judge. Just a simple change in appearance and their actions and speech towards me change so drastically."

Ray thought that the students were hypocritical. These very same students ignored him and shunned him just cause of his red hair.

Finally, after arriving at the blacksmith shop, Ray opened the door and was happily greeted by the owner.

"So even you treat me differently?" Ray mumbled.

"Sorry, what was that sir?"

"Nothing. I'm looking for the best chest piece armour you have."

As soon as the owner saw Ray walk in, his eyes lit up with gold. From the equipment alone that the adventurer was wearing, he knew this man was a big spender.

The owner took Ray to the orange armadillo chest piece. Ray tried on the chest piece and straight away he could feel the quality in the armour. Not only was it strong, but it was flexible allowing him to have a free range of movement when fighting.

"I'll take it," Ray said.

"And how will you be paying for that sir?!" The blacksmith asked with a bit too much enthusiasm.

"Will this be okay?" Ray said as he put ten intermediate beast crystals out on the table.

"That's perfect." The owner quickly put the crystals away and was happy for Ray to walk out with the armadillo chest piece.

Just as Ray was about to leave, he heard the bell chime on the door signalling that another person had entered the shop.

In walked a beautiful silver-haired girl with her armour in a blue and white pattern. She carried a giant shield on her back.

"Slyvia," Ray called out to her.

Slyvia looked at the man who had just called out her name. After looking at the man up and down for a good few seconds she realised she had no recollection of the man who called out to her.

Not wanting to be rude Slyvia walked up to the man and bowed down.

"Forgive me sir, but how do you know my name?"

Slyvia was being extra polite. Her family had relations with many people who she had only seen when she was young. The man in front of her looked like an accomplished adventurer so she thought it would be best for her to mind her manners.

Ray had realised the grave mistake that he had just committed and needed to think of something fast.

"It's is a pleasure to meet you. I'm here because of the Avrion tournament. Of course I would know one of the contestants participating in today's matches." Ray said as he nervously smiled.

Slyvia's instinct was telling her something was off. Slyvia hadn't fought in the opening round meaning no one should know what she looked like. Slyvia decided to play along for the time being as she remembered Sir K's warning. The person in front of her might be a member of Pureblood.

"I hope I can put on a good show for you." She said as she smiled and went over to the counter.

Slyvia was currently picking up a new single-handed sword. Ray took a look and could tell it was an upgrade from her last weapon. She was currently holding a shark fin tiger beast blade. It was a curved sharp blade with a blue finish on the back. It matched her outfit well.

Slyvia picked up the blade and started to walk back out the door.

"Is that an advanced tier weapon you are carrying?" Ray asked.

"Slyvia nodded, "My brothers gifted me the crystal core for my battle today."

Ray's feelings were currently conflicted. Slyvia had helped him out in the past many times and right now he wanted to help her out but he didn't know how. The spear that Ray received from Killer was also an advanced tier weapon but even Killer wasn't able to put a scratch on Jack's body until he drunk the purple liquid increasing his Ki.

Ray knew that Slyvia didn't have a large amount of Ki, she always used her brain to fight her enemies but against an opponent like Jack that wasn't going to help her. It was the worst matchup for her.

"You're opponent Jack is strong," Ray said. "His body will feel like it's almost impenetrable. Although your weapon is strong it won't be enough against Jack, you must find another way."

This was all Ray could do to help out Slyvia. Ray himself didn't know how he could be of help to her. All he could do was warn her and let her think of something.

Slyvia was surprised to find out that the person in front of her was speaking as if he had fought against Jack himself before but she thought what the man was currently saying had to be impossible. She currently had an advanced tier weapon. The only person out of all the second years to have one, it was hard for her to imagine anyone having a body strong enough body to withstand a striking from one.

For some reason though, she felt like the man standing in front of her wasn't lying.

"What's your name?" Slyvia asked.

Ray had thought about this for a while if he ever needed to use an alias. He missed his old name.

"The name is Nes."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99 - Mystrey Hero
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slyvia couldn't help but think that the name Nes, sounded made up but who knew in today's day and age. Also, adventurers would often give themselves nicknames to sound more menacing.

"I know Nes. You said you were here to watch the tournament right? Well why don't we both go together?" Slyvia offered as she smiled.

"Sure, why not," Ray replied.

Ray was heading there now anyway. All he needed to do was find a time to split apart from Slyvia and came back later.

Slyvia and Ray walked down the street to the arena together and while the two of them did, they talked about many things. Slyvia asked what it was like being an adventurer. Although Ray had no clue, he easily made up stories of lands that he had seen when he was a dragon. The description he gave of places were realistic because he had actually seen them before.

Suddenly, in front of the two of them, a commotion was happening. Many knights were running over to a certain direction and screams and shouts could be heard.

Slyvia looked concerned and said,

"Something must have happened; we still have time let's go check it out."

Slyvia and Ray quickly dashed over to the direction the knights were heading in. As they continued to follow the knights, the noise from the crowd grew louder.

When they arrived finally, a crowd of people and knights had gathered around a building which had caught on fire.

Slyvia went to ask one of the people from the crowd what had happened.

"What's going on here?"

"It's the inn. Apparently there was a shipment of crystals one of the merchants was carrying in a carriage nearby. All of a sudden, the carriage exploded and the inn caught on fire."

Slyvia and Ray rushed in through the crowd of people to get closer to the building. There were many knights covered in smoke and black charcoal who were either tending to or carrying the injured.

Just then, a knight went up to the squad leader to report the situation.

"Sir, we've done the best we can for now. The crystals are acting like some sort of fuel, it's caused the fire to get out of hand. It's too strong for our men to enter."

"Are there any more people inside?"

"A lady sir. She keeps saying she can't find her two children."

"Get a master knight here straight away. Ask around if there any mages that can perform ice or water magic, heck even a fire mage would do!"

Slyvia and Ray had overheard the conversation between the knights.

"I have to do something," Slyvia said as she bit her lip.

"You can't. If you go in like that your skin will burn off."

"But if I don't, they'll die." Slyvia felt helpless. If only she could perform magic like her family members, she could do something right now.

Ray scanned the building with his dragon eyes. He could see the children were in the top right corner of a room. The fire was slowly creeping up, it was clear that if something wasn't done soon the children would die.

The situation brought up bad memories for Ray. When he was just a child someone had set his house on fire and tried to murder him and his parents. If it wasn't for his mother at the time, then they wouldn't have been able to control the fire.

Ray started walking towards the building.

"What are you doing, you said yourself you'll die in there."

"Don't worry, I know a little bit of ice magic," Ray said as he dashed in past the crowd of people.

Slyvia was confused. To her, Nes looked like your standard swordsman. Even the gear he was wearing said he was. Mages often wore normal clothes that increased their magical strength. Slyvia couldn't help but think that Nes was just putting on a brave act.

The knights saw Ray try to approach the burning building and tried to stop him but Ray easily avoided them and quickly entered the house.

Although Ray didn't have any magical spells, he did have his ice attribute. Right now, he was spreading his Ki around his body causing it to keep his body nice and cool. Ray had to act fast though…with the transformation and use of Ki his mana would go down faster.

With Ray's dragon eyes he was able to locate the room the children were in fast. If it was anyone else, they would have had to search each and every room, but Ray knew exactly the right place to go.

He finally found two kids who looked to be around the age of five and their energy was weak. Ray quickly grabbed the two kids and jumped out of a window nearby.

Ray landed just outside the building with the two children in his hands. Steam was emitting from Ray's body as the fire and Ice were constantly battling each other. A knight quickly came and took the two children out of Ray's hand.

The crowd of people cheered as they saw the brave handsome warrior save the two children. Slyvia was smiling brighter than ever.

Just when Slyvia was about to approach Nes and see if he was okay, suddenly Nes ran away and disappeared from the crowd.

The crowd couldn't help but talk about the mysterious stranger.

"He ran away."

"I guess he must have just been shy."

"Can you believe what he just did?"

Slyvia just stood there thinking, "Who was that guy?"

Originally, she thought he might have been a member of Pureblood or the dark guild, but she found it hard to believe someone who would risk their life like that would join such evil organisations.

Ray had currently run to the top of one of the buildings out of sight.

His mana had been completely depleted and his form had changed back to normal.

"That was a close one."

As Ray started to meditate, a notification sound was heard.

As Ray read the notification and closed it, another one popped up.

Through this random chance of events, Ray happened to learn two new skills but that wasn't what Ray was really excited about. Finally, Ray thought he had found the answer to unlocking his dragon skills back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100 - Unlocking Skills
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slyvia was currently still stood outside the inn. It was burning more furiously then before and if the knights didn't do anything about it soon it would start to spread to the other buildings.

"Bring more water!" A Knight shouted.

The knights Had gathered plenty of water but it simply wasn't enough. They had managed to carry over large containers filled with gallons of water but had no machinery to dispense the water onto the inn.

A master knight was strong enough to possibly lift the gallons of containers and jump up just high enough to pour it down but it would take a while longer before they reached the building.

"This is getting really out of hand." Slyvia thought to herself.

Just then the water out of all the containers started to lift into the air. The water started swirling around as if it was alive, like a snake.

"Depanse." A male's voice said.

The water quickly flew to the inn and burst, manging to subdue most of the fire.

As Slyvia turned around she saw four noblemen standing there with their hands out. Each of them had silver hair and wore blue and white clothing.

"Brothers!" Slyvia shouted.

Slyvia's four brothers continued to cast magic spells eventually dispelling all the fire. The crowd cheered at the sight of the mages and were impressed at what they had seen.

The knights quickly came over to thank them for their help. Once that was all done with the tallest and eldest of the brothers Mathew walked over to Slyvia.

"It's been a long time little sister," Mathew said as he rubbed her head.

******

Ray was currently sitting down on a roof of a building not far from the arena. He still had a couple of hours before the event started, so there was no rush. Although he didn't know who was fighting first, everyone was required to come to the arena at the same time.

Ray looked at the two skills he had just obtained. The first skill was called mana share.

It was a skill that was the complete opposite of mana steal. While mana steal stole the ki and mana from creatures and people, mana share gave it to them. As a dragon sen would often use this skill on his weeker friends or creatures that were dying. The thing was his mana back then was nearly unlimited while right now, Ray didn't have much.

Ray thought this skill would be useful, if he wanted to change the human race and fight the shadow plague, then he needed an army and not the current one that was under control of the Alure kingdom. The kingdom was already a mess without them realising it.

There was no way to tell who wouldn't betray them and who wouldn't. The Dark guild and Pureblood members were already deeply rooted at the top. What Ray needed was dedicated followers, an army of his own. This skill would prove incredibly useful in the future when needing powerful allies.

The second skill he had obtained was Endless void. Just when Ray was struggling to think of where to put his items, the perfect skill came right in front of him. It was as if the system was watching him from above.

Endless void was a separate space that only Ray had access to. Just like the name stated, it was endless. This meant he would be able to store anything he wanted in this space and pull it out when he wanted to.

Ray realised that there was a problem with using his second identity Nes. A lot of the public had seen him wearing the armour he had just bought. Which meant while Ray was in the academy, he wouldn't be able to wear the armour.

Ray thought the best thing to do would be to get two sets of equipment. One set for Nes where he could be the rich great powerful adventurer who didn't need to hold back or hide his abilities and one set for the student Ray, who was one of the best knights at Avrion academy.

After obtaining these two skills though, Ray thought back to the connections between all these events. What made the system say "Task complete."?

All of them had one thing in common.

Ray had saved a human life. Ray, of course, wasn't sure about this theory but it was the only thing that made sense so far. The current two skills he had obtained had nothing to do with fighting magical beasts.

But there were a few things that were troubling him.

The first time he had unlocked a skill, he saved Gary and Amy in the forest. If he had saved two people back then why didn't he receive two skills? There was also the time he had defeated the minotaur, he had protected Gary, Monk and Jasmine yet only received one skill.

Ray looked back at all the events that led him to learn skills and when he shouldn't have. Gary with the black wolf, The old man with the Dark guild, Jasmine and the others with the minotaur, Jack with the pureblood members and the two kids from the fire.

If the system truly gave him a skill every time, he saved a life then he should have got one for Amy with the wolf, Gary when he thought against Monk, two more skills against the minotaur and when he fought against pureblood with Gary.

Then it hit him, perhaps the system only granted a skill for every life you had saved and didn't count it if it was multiple times. Gary had already been saved when he was younger, so he no longer got any skills from it.

With the other incidents that weren't related to Gary, Ray had a theory about those too. While fighting the minotaur Monk was the least injured out of all of them. Maybe Monk's life wasn't saved that day but only Jasmines.

Of course, right now these were all theories running through his head. Ray wanted to test this theory as soon as possible. If it was true, finally he would be closer to getting his powers back. The problem was it wasn't like someone was in a near-death situation every day that Ray could stop.

He would just have to wait until the next opportunity to come up. To see if it was true.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101 - Protective
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had finally reached the arena. He was no longer disguised as Nes. He put the Armadillo chest piece away in his Endless Void. Even if no one had seen him wear it, there would be many people wondering how a student such as Ray was able to afford and get one in the first place.

When he had the time to head back to the dorm, he would also put the spear in there too.

The students going through to the next round were told to go to two separate waiting rooms before the event started. One contained all the second-year students and the other all the third-year students.

When Ray entered the room, he was surprised to see that not only where all his roommates here but also many parents and relatives.

Gary, Ian and Kyle sat down in the corner of the room alone, while the rest of the group were with their relatives. Ian and Kyle were orphans who had been abandoned as kids so they had no parents. While Gary came from a small poor village.

Although Gary would be able to pay for his parents' travel cost, he didn't see the need for them to bother with something so small.

Nevertheless, Gary's heart was hurting. Seeing the others talking to parents and siblings made him miss Amy even more. If Amy hadn't passed away then the only person Gary would have bothered to invite would have been her.

Gary was overcome with a new determination. He needed to win now more than ever.

Slyvia was currently talking with her four brothers. She hadn't seen them in two years after all. She had a good relationship with each of them. They all cared for her as she was their only little sister they had.

In total, Slyvia had four brothers. Mathew was the oldest and was currently a general in the Alure kingdom army. John and Jake were a little bit younger than Mathew, but they too worked for the army and their ranks weren't fair behind Mathew, also being captains of their own squads.

The youngest of the four was Max. He was currently in his third year at Roland academy. Mages needed to learn a lot more than knights, so while knights had to stay at the academy for three years then do two years' service in the army, mages had to study for five years. But once they finished, they were free to do what they wanted.

Slyvia was currently talking about everything she had done at the academy. Her brothers noticed straight away that Slyvia would bring up a certain person's name up more than once. And when she talked about this boy, her tone would slightly change.

Just then, Slyvia noticed Ray entering the room. Their eyes met and Slyvia gleefully waved at Ray. Ray smiled and waved back.

"Is that this Ray boy you've been talking about this whole time?"

"What are you giving me that look for? He's just a good friend."

Then when Slyvia went back to look at her brothers, she could only count three of them.

"Huh, where did Max go?"

When she turned around, she could see that Max had his arm around Ray's neck.

"Slyvia said a lot of things about you. Come over let's have a chat," Max said as he dragged Ray by the neck to the rest of the group.

Max had brought Ray over and Slyvia was starting to get butterflies in her stomach. She knew Ray wasn't good at speaking with people, but her family was the opposite. They loved to talk; she was hoping the two of them wouldn't clash somehow.

Mathew was giving Ray a cold stare as Max brought him over.

"Ah yes, now I recognise you. You were the boy who went on a rampage in the opening round."

Slyvia quickly interrupted them before either of them could continue.

"That's because Ray had a lot on his mind at the moment."

Mathew then put out his hand to shake Ray's. Ray looked at it for a while and then accepted the handshake.

"I will trust you to look after my sister."

Slyvia's face started to turn bright red.

"What does that mean? I can look after myself," Slyvia replied.

"Slyvia is a good leader," Ray said.

The four brothers were stunned by the first words that had come out of Ray's mouth and started to laugh.

Ray could tell when shaking hands with Mathew that he was strong. Ray was actually very tempted to use mana steal. It was the first time he had been this close to a mage and a powerful one at that. He couldn't begin to imagine how much mana the person in front of him had.

"Well Ray, you better win your fight today," Max said. "Then we can see each other again in the all kingdom tournament, I'll be part of the Roland Academy team."

Ray's ears perked up slightly. One of Slyvia's brothers went to Roland academy?

"Sorry did you say you went to Roland? did you happen to know a female student that passed away recently by the name of Amy?

"I'm sorry, Roland is a big school, I'm not sure I have," Max replied.

Although Max was trying his best to act normal and put on a brave face, Ray could tell that his attitude and feelings had changed once he had asked the question. Max was clearly hiding something.

"Why don't you two start getting ready for the tournament," Mathew recommended. "It will be starting any moment now."

With introductions over, Slyvia and Ray walked off to sit next to Gary and the others who were on their own.

Mathew turned and looked over at Max.

"What are you hiding Max? You need to tell me everything about this Amy girl he asked for."

"Yes, brother," Max replied.

Then Jake approached by Mathew's side and whispered.

"What do you think of him?"

"The boy's eyes were fierce; he wasn't scared of us at all. In fact, he was almost looking at us like we were some sort of food. The boy is strong but dangerous as well."

"Should we get rid of him?"

"No, leave him for now and let's just see what happens."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102 - Sharing power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was almost time for the first match of the third-year students against the second-year students. Everyone said goodbye to their family members and friends and soon, only the contestants were left in the room.

Everyone made sure their gear and equipment were put on properly before waiting for the call to head out. Ray noticed that Slyvia was slightly shaking. It was a strange sight for Ray and the others to see. Usually, Slyvia was always calm and composed especially when leading the group.

Ray decided to sit down next to Slyvia. As Ray took a seat, Sylvia looked up at Ray and tried her best to force a smile.

"I'm a mess right, now aren't I?" Slyvia admitted. "It's just…this match means so much for me. My brothers, you met earlier. They have all done amazing things. When my parents found out I couldn't perform magic, all their expectations of me kind of disappeared. Every day I would see my brothers get praised while I remained invisible in the background. This is finally my chance to prove to them I'm not useless."

There was a slight silence between the two of them before Ray decided to reply.

"Did they even bother to show up?" Ray inquired. "I saw your brothers here but not your mother and father. Stop thinking about people who aren't even here and start thinking about the people around you. If you start ignoring the people who are around you and chase the people who aren't, that's how you end up with no one."

Tears started to flow out of Slyvia eyes. Her whole life she had been trying to impress her parents and finally she had the opportunity. Truthfully, she was upset that they didn't arrive yet she still wanted their acceptance. At home, she never felt like she had a family as her brothers were always away and her mother and father were too busy.

When she arrived at the academy and formed her team and friends, she started treating them as a family. That's why she always tried so hard to stop arguments from happening and tried to help fix things she wasn't even a part of.

She understood what Ray was saying.

As Slyvia was thinking about what to do she suddenly felt a hand on her back, but it wasn't just one hand. When she turned around, she could see that everyone was there looking out for her. Monk, Martha, Dan, Ian, Gary, Kyle and even the two twins Badger and Sloth.

Slyvia wiped away her tears and looked Ray in the eyes. The others could see that Ray and Slyvia would be best left alone and decided to get ready somewhere else.

"I want to win Ray, and not for my family. I want us all to go to the All Kingdom Tournament together."

Ray liked Slyvia a lot. She never discriminated against him and saw him just like everyone else. Ray wanted her to be part of his team in the future but right now her loyalty was still with her family. Everything she had done so far was for her family. If she continued down the path of pleasing her parents, Ray could see this causing serious problems. However, Ray could see though that she was slowly changing.

Slyvia's hand was still shaking a little.

"I met a man today. He told me that Jack was strong, too strong. Originally, I was confident but for some reason those words the man said kept repeating in my head. What if he's right Ray? What if he is too strong for me?"

Ray realised that the man she was talking about was himself when he was disguised as Nes. At the time, Ray thought there was nothing he could do, so he told her to the truth in hopes that Slyvia would find a way to overcome Jack's inherent strength. Sadly, it looked like she hadn't and was looking to him for answers.

"Slyvia, do you really want to win?"

Slyvia nodded in response.

"I'm a man who expects their favour to be returned to them. If I help you now you must help me in the future."

Although Ray sounded a bit selfish, he needed to make it abundantly clear that Slyvia would owe him for this.

"Ray even if you didn't help me out now, I would always help you out."

"Good answer. Now I can help you but what I'm about to do is only temporary and you need to come back to me again afterwards okay? And I don't think I have to say this but not a soul must know of what I'm about to do."

Slyvia nodded again.

Ray then stood up and went behind Slyvia placing his hand on her back.

...

As the energy flowed from Ray into Slyvia, she could feel all her cells start to bounce around. Her skin felt like it was on fire. A burning sensation grew throughout her body. It wasn't a bad pain though; it was almost as if she was being reborn.

Ray had passed over twenty points of mana to Slyvia. With this on top of her Ki power, he thought it should be enough to even the playing field against Jack.

Slyvia could feel the energy inside her almost triple in power. She couldn't believe it. Then her mind went back to the first round of the tournament. She had seen Ray take the Ki from the contestants on the ground. If Ray was able to take Ki, then did this mean he was able to give Ki to others as well?

It was hard for Slyvia to believe though. No mage was capable of skill like this. It was unheard of, but she could clearly feel all the Ki in her body.

"Your body isn't used to that amount of Ki; I would say while fighting your body has a maximum of ten minutes. Don't go over that time otherwise, you'll just end up damaging your body."

Ray's body was special allowing him to control a crazy amount of Ki without damaging his body. Slyvia was talented and if Ray gave her a little bit of Ki over time, then her body would be able to adapt to the amount but right now if she stood any chance of beating Jack. Ray knew he had to at least give Slyvia this much.

"This is an announcement; would all contestants please make their way to the arena."

It was time for the second stage of the tournament to begin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 - Slyvia VS Jack
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The ten second-year students walked into the arena while the ten third-year students walked in from the other side. As the two teams entered, they were greeted with gigantic cheers that shook the whole stadium.

Slyvia scanned the crowd for her brothers while Gary's eyes were focused on one person: Harry, who was stood on the opposite end of the arena.

"Will everyone please look to the display in the middle of the arena."

The holographic display started to randomise images of all the contestants until it finally stopped.

"And it looks like the first battle of this evening will be between the lovely gorgeous Slyvia Heart versus the impenetrable Jack Dem!"

Slyvia and Jack approached the centre of the stage while the rest of the students watched with eager anticipation from the outside.

The rules were a bit different for the second round compared to the first round. Contestants were allowed to use real equipment for this fight. There were no longer any bracelets on either contestant. Instead, two master knights were on standby, Sir k and Wilfred. If a contestant was to take a fatal blow, Wilfred and Sir K would do everything in their power to stop the fight just before the blow would hit and declare one person the winner.

If it was also apparent that one person was overwhelmingly stronger than the other, at any time the master knights had the power to stop the contestants and declare the other person the winner. If a contestant is knocked out or forfeited, this too would count as a win.

Slyvia gripped her shield and sword tightly in her hand while Jack walked slowly with his giant great sword on his back. Jack was shirtless and wore no armour.

The second-year students got nervous and the sight of Jack wielding such a huge weapon.

"Do you think she can win?" Monk asked.

"Of course, she can Monk" Martha replied. "You know how strong she is."

Although Ray had another thought going on in his head. Even though he shared his mana with Slyvia, he was hoping that Jack was still injured from the events of last night, but Jack looked like he had completely recovered. There wasn't a mark on him. It looked like Ray wasn't the only one with a special body.

The centre of the arena was slightly elevated compared to the rest of the arena this time. Jack and Slyvia stood up into the centre. When they both got on, Slyvia was staring intently at Jack, yet Jack was looking straight past her and directly at Ray.

Then a horrible thought came across Ray's mind.

"Boss, do you want me to forfeit this match!" Jack shouted from across the arena while looking at Ray.

Ray's horrible thought was right. Jack was a headstrong loyal idiot.

Ray decided to ignore Jack's words hoping he would get the message and looked away.

"Boss can you hear me? Boss? Boss!"

"Err Ray, I think he's talking to you," Monk indicated.

"Of course not, he's clearly looking for this boss person."

"Ray, Ray!" Jack then continued to shout.

Everyone was stunned. Why was the number one student, a third-year, calling a second-year student boss? The rest of Ray's teammates didn't even know how to react.

Ray finally shook his head to which Jack nodded.

"Okay, I won't hold back," Jack said as he pulled out his giant greatsword. "I thought you might have been the boss's girlfriend or something."

"I'm not his girlfriend." Slyvia snapped back with a red face. "We're just really good friends."

Although Slyvia was shocked by everything going on, the surprise made her feel calmer. She was no longer shaking with nerves.

"And the first match of the day will start in 3….2…1…"

The warhorn played signalling the start of the first round.

Slyvia started cautiously, her mind was clear and she needed to see Jack's skill level. She allowed Jack to attack first and that's what he did. With no hesitation, Jack swung his greatsword down at Slyvia. Slyvia rolled out of the way causing the sword to smash and form a crater in the ground.

"That attack was so powerful!" Dan shouted. "Her shield will be useless against that thing."

Although the others didn't want to say it, they thought the same thing.

Slyvia allowed Jack to continue to attack widely and Slyvia dodged each one of them. It looked like Jack was playing whack a mole. Slyvia noticed that Jack attacked so widely he left many openings to attack back. Originally, she thought that Jack was perhaps setting up a trap wanting her to attack there. After all, she was facing the number one student in the Academy.

But after a while, she realised that Jack was just being reckless. This time when Jack came in for a swing, Slyvia moved out of the way and attacked back. But as her sword touched Jack's body, her blade bounced back as if she was hitting a solid wall.

Slyvia was currently using the same amount of Ki she always had. She didn't want to use the gift that Ray had given her just yet and she also didn't believe someone's body would be hard enough to withstand an attack from an advanced tier weapon.

"Didn't Slyvia just get an advanced tier weapon?" Martha asked.

"Yeah, she's using it now," Ian replied.

This spectacle made Gary think he was incredibly lucky to get an opponent like Harry. With Gary's intermediate duel blades, he could never hope to put a scratch on Jack's body. Although he felt bad for Slyvia, he needed to win his fight more than anything so he could go through to the All Kingdom Tournament.

After Slyvia's sword bounced back off Jack's body, Jack wasted no time in attacking, swinging his giant sword at her. Slyvia managed to bring her shield in front of her just in time.

The sword came down and smashed down on the shield sending a loud ring through the stadium. Slyvia was being pushed down from the strength and weight of the sword and her shield was slowly breaking apart.

She had no choice now; she focused the extra Ki around her body and pushed with all her strength. The shield pushed the sword away and is it did, pieces of the shield went flying everywhere.

"Your stronger than you look," Jack said. "Now it's getting interesting."

"Ten minutes, that's all I have," Slyvia thought as she threw the rest of her broken shield away and charged in at Jack.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 - Time is up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Slyvia's shield now broken, she could only rely on her speed and the additional Ki. With fierce determination, she infused her legs with Ki and kicked it up a notch. With speeds much faster than she was used to, Slyvia dashed towards Jack. Jack responded with a horizontal slash towards her neck. She ducked and slashed across Jack's body vertically with all the strength she could muster.

She jumped backwards to avoid any counterattack. Jack started to feel a strange itching sensation on his chest. He looked down and noticed a long red scratch mark across his body. No blood had been drawn but for the first time ever, people witnessed Jack receiving an injury.

"Harry, are you watching this?" Cherry eyes looked like they were about to pop out of her skull from what she had just seen.

"I didn't think there was anyone in the school who would be able to hurt Jack. If anyone had a chance, I would have thought it had been Ray. It looks like we might have underestimated the second years."

On the other side, the second years were having the complete opposite reaction.

"Slyvia did all that and she just caused a scratch?" Dan shouted. "His body must be made of steel."

Slyvia looked at Jack and bit her lip. Even with the use of extra Ki she still wasn't able to hurt Jack enough to even draw blood.

Slyvia had no time to rest. She knew she was under a time limit. She came in attacking Jack whenever she could, avoiding big swings and going in at just the right time to attack.

The audience was at the edge of their seat. They could tell that one big swing from Jack's giant sword would end the match at any moment.

Dodge, strike, dodge, strike, dodge, strike. This pattern repeated itself but still, there was no luck. Jack's body was just slightly red from Slyvia's successful hits.

"Stronger, Faster." Slyvia thought in her head with each strike.

"Was Slyvia always this strong?" Monk asked.

The rest of the team had seen things they never thought Slyvia could do. Her speed looked better and she looked stronger. Even though Slyvia had the help of Ray's Ki, it meant nothing if the person wielding it wasn't skilful enough to use it.

"Time's up," Ray whispered to himself.

Slyvia went in for one more strike and as she did, suddenly, shooting pains started to ring through her body. It felt like someone was tearing her muscles from inside out.

"Just a little more." She said.

Jack saw Slyvia had slowed down greatly, he went for another swing and thought this was the end.

*Clash

A big cloud of dust was swept up as the giant great sword made impact. When the dust finally settled, Wilfred's hand was holding the giant great sword in place while Sir K was carrying Slyvia over his shoulder.

"And we have a winner, Jack Dem!"

"Dammit, how was she ever meant to win against a monster like that!" Dan complained.

"She did well," Ray said.

There wasn't a doubt in anyone's mind that Slyvia had tried her best and if they were put in the same situation as her, they would have only been able to perform half as well. Sir K quickly took Slyvia to the medical bay. Wilfred offered Jack the opportunity to go but Jack insisted there was no need.

As Jack started walking back to his teammates, he noticed his chest was starting to sting a little. When he looked down again, he saw a faint trace of blood leaking out of the red scratches.

"You have strong friends Ray." Jack thought as he smiled and continued to walk back to his teammates.

The next match was Badger vs Violet. Badger looked nervous as he started to walk on to the stage. He wasn't his usual self and his twin brother Sloth was the same.

"What is he so worried about? He did really well in the opening round," Gary said.

Sloth looked at badger walking into the ring.

"The thing is, the two of us have never really been apart from each other. We do everything together, even use the same toothbrush."

"That's kinda disgusting man," Dan shuttered at the thought of using someone else's toothbrush.

The fight started and the others quickly realised what Sloth was talking about. All the acrobatic moves that they saw Sloth and Badger do in the first round, relied on them using each other. In the ring right now, he was a sitting duck waiting to be fried.

The match quickly ended with Badger losing and the next person to be displayed on the screen was Sloth. The team was feeling hopeful until they saw Sloth display the same skills as Badger. Sloth lost the match quickly meaning currently the second-year team had three losses in total.

The display started again going through all the contestants randomly until it landed on Ray and Killer. Ray walked up to the centre of the stage and waited.

"If the third-year student Killer does not arrive in one minute he will automatically be disqualified from the tournament."

A minute passed and as Ray had suspected no one showed up. Ray was declared the automatic winner. The crowd erupted in boo's disappointed in not being able to see a match from Ray, who did the best in the first round.

"It's a shame we won't get to see the boy fight again," Mathew said looking from the arena.

The boos quickly stopped as the next match was announced. On the screen was Kyle and his opponent Nay.

Nay was ranked 5th in the overall third year rankings. She was a strong beautiful fighter who had the body of a model. Her main choice of weapon was a whip.

The two contestants walked on stage and the audience thought the match looked interesting. Kyle was using a Chain with a weight on the end while Nay was using a whip. Both weapons were unique and everyone was interested in how to two of them would fight.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 - Thats my Job
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The atmosphere of the remaining contestants was anxious and nervous, yet Kyle seemed to be excited when his match was announced. He happily rushed forward towards the stage.

"Do you know what's up with the guy?" Martha asked.

Monk was just shaking his head staring down at the ground, he was ashamed to know someone like Kyle.

"Kyle always gets like this when he sees a pretty girl."

As Kyle stepped on to the stage, he started to shower Nay with compliments.

"That dress and whip is the perfect combination to your slender moving body. My chain and your whip could be the perfect couple item!"

But Nay had heard it all before. She had been asked out by many of the third years but turned them all down.

"If you truly wish to impress me, then prove that you are stronger than me."

Nay wanted a strong man but out of the third-year students, none had met her criteria so far. Jack was the strongest student by far but his idiocy was a big turn off for her. Killer who was ranked second was always silent and never to be seen, so it left him out of the equation. And being ranked fifth out of all the third years, the rest above her were female.

As the fight was about to start, Ray started to walk away.

"Aren't you going to stay and watch the fight?" Martha asked.

"There's no need. I already know who is going to win."

Ray continued to walk off and started to make his way to the medical bay.

The others thought Ray was being a bit harsh. Even if their teammate was going to lose, the least he could do was stay and support him.

Ray had finally reached the medical Bay and saw Slyvia lying down on the ground. She had already been treated by the doctors and there wasn't much they could do apart from suggesting that Slyvia get some good rest.

Ray approached Slyvia and sat down next to her. Slyvia immediately covered her face with her arm as soon as she saw Ray. But that still didn't stop Ray from seeing the tears roll down her face.

"I'm sorry Ray, even after you helped me…" Slyvia said as she cried.

Ray wasn't good in situations like this. He had decided to come to see Slyvia so he could take his mana back but now was clearly not a good time.

"Ray, will I ever get stronger?"

"Slyvia, you were amazing. No one watching would have said differently. You just happened to go up against a monster."

"But that's not an excuse. What would happen if we were to meet a strong magical beast out in the wild? It's fine saying that now, but what would I do if I couldn't protect everyone?"

Ray knew what it was like to want to protect everyone around him and fail. He did with his entire race. He was more powerful than his fellow dragons and he had wanted to protect them, but he failed.

"You can never protect everyone Slyvia and it's not your job too. No matter how strong you are or how strong you get."

"But I want to at least be able to protect you and…. our whole group." Slyvia blurted out, as a whole bunch of tears came out with it.

Ray felt disheartened. Slyvia was a lot stronger person than he ever was. She didn't have a fraction of the strength he did yet she still wanted to protect everyone. This whole time Ray had been afraid. He had distanced himself from everyone in the hopes that they didn't need protecting. He was scared that if he tried protecting them, he would fail again.

But even now that he was Human. The people he cared about around him were getting hurt and dragged into things.

Ray then held Slyvia's hand and started the mana drain process. Slyvia could feel the energy slowly start to come out from her body and when Ray was finally done, he stood up and started to walk away.

"You don't need to protect everyone Slyvia, that's my job."

When Ray finally arrived back up on the arena, the second-year students were silenced while the whole crowd was cheering.

"Did Kyle win yet?" Ray asked.

Just as Ray said that, Kyle currently had Nay tied up with his chain. Nay was struggling to break free but no matter how hard she tried it was useless.

"I give up." She said as she realised she wasn't able to get free.

"And we have our first second-year winner!"

As the announcer said that, Kyle released his chain from Nay's body and gave her a thumbs up.

"Remember to keep your promise, you owe me a date."

Nay turned around and quickly left the arena.

"I can't believe what I just saw," Dan said. "Wasn't Kyle always goofing around or running away from beasts when we went out hunting? How on earth did he win that match so easily?"

Ray could sense that for the first time Kyle was serious. During training, Ray had seen instances of Kyle's ability but the boy seemed to never focus. He was a quick learner when he wanted to be but was always distracted by gossip or girls.

During the fight, Kyle managed to avoid each and every whip strike of Nay that moved lightning fast. And when Kyle attacked himself, his attacks with the chain were just as fast back. With the use of the black sash footwork and his new chain weapon, he was easily able to out manoeuvre Nay and tie her up.

Kyle had also managed to distribute an even amount of Ki to each chain lock, making it nearly unbreakable. This was something that required a massive amount of concentration to do. But Kyle managed it because he was determined more than ever to show Nay his true strength.

The huge holographic display started to randomize through contestants once more, till it finally stopped again.

"You don't want to miss this fight folks because for the next fight we have the number one ranked student GARY! And his opponent HARRY! Both of these students are known for their beautiful swordsmanship and there's no telling who going to win!"

"Finally!" Gary said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 - Best Swordsman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary walked up to the stage more focused than ever. Unlike the others who wanted to prove their strength to someone, Gary was different. He needed to win this match so he could further progress to the All Kingdom Tournament.

That way he would get to meet some of the top officials at Roland Academy. Gary hadn't planned what he would do once he met them but that didn't matter to him right now. He could think about that later.

"Do you think Gary can win Ray?" Monk asked.

"Honestly I don't know."

Ray wasn't lying when he gave that response. He had fought against Harry when he was only a first-year and had completely lost. At the time, Harry had said he was only ranked 50th out of all the third years but clearly, he had been hiding his strength.

Now when Ray thought back to the event, Harry probably only showed him his rank to encourage Ray to train even harder. On the other hand, there were times were Ray thought the opponent was far too strong for Gary. Like the time they faced the Pureblood members in the forest but somehow, he came out as the victor.

As Gary stood on the arena stage. He closed his eyes as if he was listening out for something.

"Gary…you..must…win.. for…me" A soft gentle voice was heard in his mind.

Gary held his two dark purple dual blades tightly and was ready.

As Harry left the third years to go up on stage, Jack said something just as he started to walk off.

"Don't underestimate these second years. They're strong."

Harry continued walking and said. "I know."

Harry was also currently using two blades which were silver in colour. Both contestants stood around 15 meters apart from each other.

"The match will start in 3….2….1.."

The war horn sounded and both of them dashed in at the same time, meeting in the middle. Gary started off aggressive attacking as fast and as hard as he could but Harry stayed calm deflecting each and every strike.

"Come on, why can't I see them?" Gary thought as he continued to attack.

Gary had been training this whole time to see the white lines appear at will. During practice, not once had Gary been able to make the white lines appear. Gary was hoping if he was put in a tough spot again, he might find the answer.

Gary continued attacking hoping that the white lines would start to appear in his vision but as he was attacking something strange started to happen. This whole time so far it felt like Harry was deflecting his attacks but now it felt like Gary's attacks where being pulled in.

Gary tried to attack in a different direction but it felt like his sword moved to where Harry wanted him to be. It wasn't just in Gary's head.

Harry was no longer deflecting Gary's sword but now matching his sword to Gary's and moving it in the direction he wanted. Slowly as the match went on, Harry had figured the correct amount of strength and force to use to control Gary's blade.

Then when Harry had complete control, he pulled both of Gary's swords to the ground with his and kicked Gary in the chest.

"Is this all you have? I thought you were meant to be the strongest of the first years. If you ask me, that girl was a lot stronger than you."

Gary gritted his teeth and stood up again. Without hesitation, Gary continued to charge forward but Harry would just repeat the same thing over and over again while making sure not to hit Gary with his sword but instead either kick or punch Gary.

After 15 minutes of punches and kicks, Gary's face was swollen all over and his body was badly hurt. Although at first, the audience thought Harry was being too nice, they now all thought differently. Harry was torturing Gary.

"We must stop the match." One of the elders said. "We are knights, not barbarians."

"No, can't you see? The boy's eyes…they're not done yet."

Gary was determined to win this. What was a little pain to him? The pain that Gary felt was only reminding him that he was alive while his sister was dead. He would have gone through any amount of pain to get his sister back.

Gary suddenly started to feel a strange feeling through his body. His cells were vibrating madly and his mind felt clearer than ever.

This time Gary started to walk slowly over towards Harry. Every other time he had charged right in. Harry couldn't help but feel that something was different about Gary this time.

As Gary got closer and closer to Harry, Harry could feel the pressure emitting from his body.

"This is more like it." Harry thought.

Harry didn't realise it himself but his body was sweating and his heart was beating. Every cell in his body was currently telling him to get away from this person but Harry's mind wouldn't listen.

Harry lifted up his two swords ready to deflect whatever attack Gary was ready to give him.

When Gary was only a few short steps away from Harry he mumbled something to himself.

"Finally, I can see them."

Gary then dashed in and struck with his sword. Harry was ready to deflect it as usual but this time something different happened. As his sword was ready to collide with Gary's, it looked like at the last second it moved like a snake and went around his sword.

Harry managed to block the strike with his other sword just in time but as he looked up another strike was coming right at his head and he no longer had any hands free to block it.

*Clang

Just before the sword reached Harry's head, a black obsidian blade stopped the strike.

"You have won, that's enough now." Sir K said.

As soon as Gary had heard those words his body collapsed to the ground.

"Ladies and gentlemen your winner Gary!"

Applause didn't start straight away as the audience was confused by what had just happened. From just looking at the two opponents it was strange to say that the winner was on the floor while the loser didn't have a mark on him.

But in the end, if a master knight intervened in the fight, then it was up to them to declare a winner and Sir K did just that declaring Gary the winner.

Everyone watching from the side was proud of Gary. Gary had his ups and downs, but everyone understood why. But one thing never changed…Gary was the strongest swordsman they all knew.

The announcer went off ready for the next match.

"Now let's get ready for the next round, who is it going to be?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 - Quitting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The screen continued to randomise until it eventually stopped. The next two contestants shown on the screen were Dan and Arthur.

Dan went up to the stage with his spear in hand and so did Arthur with his longsword. Dan was ready after watching everyone fight. He had come to the academy in hopes to spread his name and his family's in the future.

His family were in charge of the spear division in Alure kingdom army but there weren't many spear users in the first place. His father had given him the task to convince people that the spear was still powerful and would hope by showing them how powerful the spear was, many people would choose to join the spear division.

This was Dan chance to prove it with everyone watching.

But then something unexpected happened. As soon as Arthur reached the stage and the war horn sounded. Arthur raised his hand.

"I forfeit from the competition," Arthur said.

"NOOOOO!" Dan screamed in response.

Dan was currently in a battle mode mindset and he had been itching to fight, but now that his opponent had given up, there was no chance for him to show his skill.

"Due to Arthur forfeiting the competition Dan has automatically been declared the winner."

The crowd began to mumble to each other. They weren't sure what reason Arthur had for quitting the competition after already making it this far. It didn't make any sense unless he was scared of his opponent and thought he was already going to lose.

But contestants were allowed to quit whenever they felt like it and didn't need to give an explanation.

The screen quickly went on to display the next fight, in hopes that the crowd didn't get too disappointed. The next match had been decided and it would be Martha against Cherry.

As Martha went to walk onto the stage Monk called out to her.

"Martha please don't get hurt too bad."

Martha turned around and scuffed Monks hair up like a little dog.

"Don't worry about it, the master knights will stop anything if it is too dangerous remember?"

Monks face turned red as he was embarrassed that he was being treated like a puppy.

Martha then quickly walked off and went to go on stage.

"You know if I didn't know any better, I think you like her Monk," Kyle said with a cheeky smile.

"What just because I told her not to get hurt." Monk snapped back.

"Now that I think about it why didn't I see it before," Dan said out loud. "Of course, it was so obvious."

"Shut up" Monk shouted back.

"I have to say you two don't suit each other at all," Dan said.

The rest of the group understood what Dan meant. Monk was short for his age while Martha was quite a tall slender girl. Their height difference made the two of them look like brother and sister rather than lovers.

"What do you know," Monk mumbled to himself.

Martha and Cherry were now stood opposite each other. The two of them were both Archer users and the tournament was set up this way on purpose. This tournament was to decide the team that would be going forward for the All kingdom tournament. It was best to have a variety of different warriors, so the matchups the academy put together used similar weapons. In order to end up with a diverse team.

Gary and Harry with their swords. Martha and cherry with their bow. Dan and Arthur with his spear and longsword and so on.

There weren't many archer knights so the crowd was excited to see how the match would turn out.

"The match will start in 3…2…1."

The war horn sounded once again. Martha took an arrow from her quiver and quickly drew her bow firing it straight at Cherry. Instead, of avoiding the arrow like most, Cherry simply took her time and aimed carefully before letting go. Cherry's arrow flew through the air and hit Martha's arrow dead on causing both of them to fall to the ground.

"Did you see that?"

"Yeah, she managed to hit the arrow while it was still in the air, it's such a small target how is that possible?"

"She must have been lucky."

The crowd thought it was impossible to be able to display accuracy at that level and simply judged it as a fluke. But as Martha fired another arrow Cherry done the same proving it was not a fluke.

Martha this time decided to do a quick draw, firing two arrows in rapid succession but Cherry just responded with the same back.

Cherry yawned as if she was bored by the fight

"Rose said you were special for a second year, now I see she was just comparing you to all the other green sashes."

These words angered Martha, in the next shot Martha placed as much Ki as possible into her next arrow. This arrow flew out faster and stronger than the others before. Martha was sure this one would surprise her.

But again, Cherry lifted her bow and shot one straight back, only this time when Cherry's arrow hit Martha's it carried on going through the arrow causing it to split in half. The arrow continued moving forward and at the last second, Martha managed to move her head.

The arrow continued forward slamming into the arena wall right by Kyle's face. Kyle went to take a look at the arrow and it had nearly completely sunken into the wall, only leaving an inch sticking out of the wall.

"Such power, if she got hit by that she's going to die." The crowd thought.

Monk gulped in fear for Martha.

Martha felt a sting on her face as she noticed a slight trickle of blood drip to the ground. The arrow had managed to just skim her face.

"Hey, do you think the master knights will be able to stop that, I could hardly see the arrow," Kyle said nervously.

Ray himself was even wandering the same thing, if he would be able to stop the arrow. Blocking it or using force against it was fine. But to be able to grab an arrow like that before it hit its target. It seemed like an impossible task.

"She should give up. Otherwise, she's going to get hurt." Ray suddenly said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 - Stop the fight
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Monk was worrying even more after hearing the words come out from Ray's mouth. Monk trusted Ray ever since Ray had gotten him out of the situation with the minotaur.

"Martha please give up." Monk wanted to shout out these words but he knew what Martha was like and she wouldn't listen.

Martha still had one more trick up her sleeve that she wanted to try. She knew she was in a dangerous situation but didn't want to give up before trying everything she had.

Wilfred and Sir K were currently watching inside the arena. They were using Sir K's shadow skill to remain practically invisible to everyone. This included those in the audience, as well as the two contestants.

"Do you think you can stop the arrow in time?" Wilfred asked.

"If it's at that speed, it's not a problem. The problem is if that arrow was her full power or not." Sir K replied.

Wilfred wasn't able to use the shadow skill to hide himself like Sir K so he had to stay close. In this situation, it would have been ideal to have one of them cover Martha while the other Cherry.

Sir K looked towards Martha and could see she hadn't given up yet. He decided that until she did, only then would he stop the fight. If the arrow moved faster, he might not be able to stop it completely but he could definitely stop it from causing a fatal blow.

Finally, Martha had calmed herself down and was ready. She took a shot aiming straight for Cherry. Cherry took a shot back, this time adding in her Ki making her arrow completely destroy Martha's. The arrow carried on moving forward but when Cherry looked up, she noticed that Martha was no longer there.

Instead, another arrow was already coming at Cherry from the side. Cherry quickly shot another arrow to meet the one from the side.

"So that's your plan," Cherry said while smiling.

Ever since Ray had given Martha advice from the first round, she wanted to practice it straight away. Although Martha didn't have much time and she hadn't perfected the technique, it was the last thing she had left.

Every time Martha would take a shot, she would move in an instant taking another shot after. This would allow the archer to attack while constantly changing their position. The problem was it was extremely difficult for an archer to move while shooting and still be accurate.

Martha's concentration was at her maximum.

"Shoot and move, shoot and move," she mumbled to herself.

The arrows came out fast and from all sorts of different angles. Cherry wasn't able to keep up and shoot all the arrows down. Lucky for her, she didn't have too. Many of the arrows were simply off target, either going above her head or even falling short hitting the ground.

As another arrow shot by Martha landed by Cherry's feet. Cherry bent down to pick up the arrow.

"It's a good idea, it's just a shame you don't have the power or accuracy to use it properly."

Cherry put the arrow from the floor into her bow and started to gather her Ki. It was a lot bigger and stronger than the time before.

Martha then used her quick draw skill while moving causing three arrows to fire nearly at the same time but in three different directions.

The audience watching thought Cherry was done for but for some reason, Cherry remained calm while pulling back at her bow just aiming at one of the arrows.

Watching from the side lines, Ray could see how much Ki was being put into the arrow with his dragon eyes.

"Sir K, stop her now!" Ray shouted.

But the crowd at this point were cheering too loud for the master knights to hear anything.

Cherry fired her arrow with all her Ki. It was a one-shot skill that used up every bit of energy she had. If this didn't work then she knew she would lose.

As the arrow left Cherry's bow, it seemed to spin like crazy. As the arrow moved forward, the wind around it was being sucked in causing a mini-tornado.

The arrows that were coming at Cherry from different directions got sucked in by her arrow. It was now moving so fast that Martha had no way of dodging it.

Sir K and Wilfred moved as soon as possible to stop the arrow but there was no way they would get to it in time.

They both infused Ki into their weapons and shot out a blast of sword Ki energy hoping it would stop the arrow.

As the Ki energy hit the arrow, the power weakened and the tornado that went with it was no longer but the arrow still had great strength and carried on moving forward.

Martha closed her eyes as she knew there was nothing she could do but take the arrow head-on.

*Clunk

The sound of the arrow piercing through armour and into the body was heard.

Strangely though, Martha could feel no pain. How was that possible though she thought? Had she passed on to the other side? Or perhaps it was the adrenaline in her body blocking the pain.

"Someone call a doctor here as soon as possible and make it quick!" Wilfred shouted.

"Ah, so I did get hit by the arrow," Martha thought to herself.

"If we hurry, we can still save the boy."

"Boy?"

Martha then opened her eyes and noticed that there was no arrow in her. Nothing, not even a scratch on her. As she scanned around the arena to look for what happened, she noticed Sir K and Wilfred were knelt down in front of her.

Not only that but there was a boy in black armour on the ground. Martha rushed over to the master knights dreading for the worst.

As she looked down it was someone that she cared for dearly…it was Monk.

While Cherry was gathering Ki in her arrow, as soon as Ray shouted for the master knights to take action, Monk moved in immediately. Using his black sash footwork, running as hard and as fast as he had ever done before, Monk managed to make it just in time to stop the arrow.

He took the blow with his body, instead of Martha.

"Monk please don't die!" Martha cried out as she knelt by his side and looked at his pale face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 - Powerhouse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A group of doctors had quickly come to the scene to take Monk away. Martha insisted that she had to go with them. At first, they were insistent that she couldn't come but she refused to move from the arena until they let her. In the end, Wilfred allowed Martha to head off to the medical bay with Monk.

Wilfred quickly jumped up from the arena to the two announcers that were just off to the side slightly above the crowd. They were currently trying their best to calm down the crowd with small talk. Once Wilfred had informed them of the situation, they made an announcement.

"Everyone, we would like to let you know that unfortunately one of the contestants in the tournament has been injured but fear not, the injury was not fatal and the student will be back in top condition in just a few hours. What this means though, is regarding the next match between Monk and Jasmine, Jasmine will be declared the automatic winner."

There had been incidents of this happening in tournaments of the past before. That's why Avrion academy had put in so many safety measures this year such as having a top medical team on standby and having two master knights in the ring.

If Wilfred and Sir K hadn't been able to hit the arrow with their Sword Ki, then perhaps Monk wouldn't have been so lucky.

After hearing that the wound wasn't so serious, the crowd quietened down and was ready for the last and final match of the day.

The last match was between Ian and Geo.

"Be safe man," Dan said to Ian as he walked up to the stage.

Currently, only Dan, Kyle, Sloth, Badger and Ray were standing at the side. Gary, Slyvia, Monk and now Martha had all been taken to the medical bay after their fights.

"Go on big guy!" Badger and Sloth shouted.

Badger and Sloth had become friendly with Ian after the dragon knight training sessions. Ian was kind to everyone and unlike them, he hardly got bullied due to his large size. Ian would often step in to help them when he would see people treating the two differently around the academy.

"Ray come on, let's say something. We have to show our support too." Kyle said.

"You can do it, you're the strongest hunk I know!" Kyle shouted.

Ian's ears started to burn as he was getting slightly embarrassed by his team's praises.

Kyle then gave a nudge to Ray as he noticed Ray still hadn't said anything.

Finally, Ray managed to mumble out a few words.

"You can do it," Ray said in a quiet soft voice. It was so quiet that Kyle was the only one that heard him.

The two contestants had finally entered the stage. Ian was holding his two one-handed axes. With the money from Ray and his own savings, Ian was able to upgrade them into intermediate weapons. But the rest of Ian's equipment was lacking.

The weapons he was holding were the only pieces of beast gear he currently had. On the other side of the arena was Geo, who was just as big as Ian. Geo wielded a heavy two-handed Axe. It was hard to tell what level it was, but it looked better than Ian's. Not only that, Geo also had beast gear covering most of his body.

"Do you think Ian can win?" Kyle asked Ray.

After seeing all the Gear that geo was wearing, Kyle was starting to feel nervous for Ian. Ian had always relied on his strength in matches but Geo looked just as big and strong. If two people were just as strong as each other, then Kyle couldn't help but think the equipment would give Geo the edge.

"Just watch the fight. I think you will be in for a nice surprise."

"The final match of the day will start in 3…2…1"

The war horn sounded for the last time and the two contestants came rushing in at each other. Geo gave a big sideway swing as soon as he saw Ian get within striking distance.

Ian jumped back avoiding the strike. As he saw the axe go pass, he had one thought.

"Slow."

Ian quickly went in and slashed against Geo's chest with his two axes. The power was strong causing Geo to stumble but the armour was strong as well only managing to chip off a few pieces here and there.

Geo lifted his Axe and slammed it into the ground. Again, Ian moved to the side and allowed the axe to hit the ground. As the axe hit the floor, it formed a large crater. The strike was truly powerful but useless if it could never hit its target.

Ian went in again, this time striking even harder at Geo's chest. As Geo regained balance, Ian quickly moved away.

"Do all you want but you will never be able to even make a dent on this chest piece."

As Geo spoke those words, he noticed his chest piece was starting to crumble and fall off.

"But that's impossible…this is an intermediate beast chest piece. It shouldn't fall apart this easily." Geo said in shock.

Geo had always fought against his opponents with his dominating power. Although he was slow with his attacks and heavy armour, he trusted it to be strong enough to withstand most attacks.

The fight continued on with Ian dominating the match. Geo was doing his best to avoid getting hit in the chest by using every piece of armour he had on his body. One by one each piece was beginning to crumble apart from Ian's strong attacks.

"What the hell is happening?" Kyle shouted.

"His opponent made the mistake of thinking that his weapon equals power. Ian has strength just like Geo but the thing is Ian also has speed on his side. Speed plus strength equals power and no weapon can make up for that." Ray replied.

"You know the only time you speak a lot is when you're giving a lecture," Kyle said.

Ray's face for the first time seemed to blush a little as he was slightly embarrassed by Monk's words.

Geo quickly moved back as far away from Ian as possible.

"Fine, you leave me no choice," he shouted.

Geo then took out a small glass tube that was filled with purple liquid and began to drink it.

"No that can't be!" Ray said as he looked from the side lines.

Then Ray's fears were confirmed when Geo's aura went form a yellow, to purple colour.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 - Intervene
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Ray saw Geo drinking the purple liquid, he knew this was bad news. When Killer used the same thing against Jack, it made him three times as strong.

But Ray wasn't the only person who noticed Geo drink the purple liquid. Jack who was at the other side of the arena could also tell that it was the same thing that Killer took.

"What's wrong Jack?" Harry asked as he could see Jack's facial expression had suddenly changed.

"Harry, if something happens, I need you to back me up or get out of the way."

It had been a long time since Harry had seen this kind of intensity in Jack's eyes. He knew something was going down. Harry had always been close to Jack ever since they went out hunting as second years. There was a time when a magical beast almost killed Harry. That day Jack had saved his life and Harry had promised to follow Jack ever since.

Whatever Jack was planning to do, Harry wasn't going to hesitate. He would help him straight away. What Harry didn't know was that Jack was currently waiting on Ray. Before doing anything, he wanted to see what Ray would do first.

Ray was currently hesitating on what to do. If he acted now in front of everyone, the shadow plague, dark guild, pureblood or whoever was behind this would know he knew too much. They would actively start searching for him even more.

Ray was hoping that the master knights had noticed something and would intervene. The taking of potions during a match wasn't prohibited due to their effects only being mental. The knights had assumed that Geo had taken something that made him more fearless so he could charge in and attack.

As Ray stood still thinking, the fight continued on. As soon as Geo had taken the purple liquid, the situation had reversed in the match. Geo attacked with his axe but this time it was a lot faster. Ian managed to dodge it by only a few inches.

Usually, there would be a slight pause between Geo's attacks but this time the next one came straight after. The attack was too fast for Ian to dodge so he had to block.

Ray could see this was a dangerous situation. With Geo's current power increase, the weapon would go right through Ian's two axes and hit his body directly. Not only that, with the shadow plague infecting Geo more so than likely Geo wouldn't stop there and would continue to attack until Ian was no longer left alive.

This was especially true since Ian had red hair.

Ray was still deciding on what to do. Once the first attack hit, then the master knights might be able to see that this was a loss for Ian and stop the match in time but there was also a chance that they couldn't.

Then Ray thought about one person, Slyvia. If Slyvia was in his situation and had as much power as he did right now, what would she do?

"She wouldn't have hesitated," Ray said.

"What did you say Ray?" Kyle asked.

But as soon as he went to look at Ray who was by his side, Ray had already run off into the arena.

Using all his Ki in his legs, Ray burst into the arena and onto the stage like a rocket, ready to stop Geo's axe. When he was only a few feet away when a shadow started to appear. Out of the shadow, Sir K appeared.

"You are not allowed to intervene in this match Ray!" Sir K said as he grabbed his black blade.

"I don't have time to explain. Move!" Ray said as he switched all the Ki powering his legs into his gauntlets and fist.

Without hesitation, Ray punched Sir K as hard as he could. The force was unexpected for Sir K. He had to use every bit of energy he had to stop the attack, but Ray's power was overpowering his.

Nevertheless, Sir K refused to move a single step and took in as much energy as possible, eventually causing him to cough out streams of blood.

The shockwaves between the two of them were so strong that it caused Geo to move off balance missing his axe strike and hitting the ground. But Geo was soon able to shake it off and was looking for blood.

"Jack kill Geo Now!" Ray shouted.

As soon as Jack had heard those words, Jack went storming in to finish Geo. He left his fellow teammates by the side to rush into the arena.

Jack then jumped in the air with his giant greatsword in hand and came crashing down on Geo's head. While Jack was mid-air though, he felt someone kick him from the side and Jack quickly fell to the ground.

"What is the meaning of all this!" Wilfred shouted.

Jack quickly got up with only one thing on his mind: he was going to follow his boss's order of killing Geo. Jack went in again to stop Geo, but Wilfred got in his way again.

"What the hell is happening!" Kyle, Dan, Badger and Sloth all thought.

Sir K and Ray were currently in a stalemate while Jack was being blocked off by Wilfred. Geo then looked at Ian and said.

"No one can save you now."

A strike came from Geo's axe that was too fast for Ian to dodge. Ian lifted his two axes to block the attack but it was useless. The axe sliced through the two axes like they were made of butter and continued to go down until it eventually hit Ian in the chest.

"Quick, look stop him now!" Ray shouted.

Wilfred turned to around and could see Geo standing over Ian, Ian was lying on the floor with blood dripping from his chest. Geo lifted his axe out of Ian's chest and was preparing for another swing.

"Stop!" Wilfred shouted. "You have already won this match. If you attack that student one more time you will be expelled and shall face the consequences."

"Who cares about that," Geo said.

As Wilfred looked closer into Geo's eyes, he could see that the whites in his eyeballs were slowly starting to be covered in a strange purple liquid.

"No, it can't be!" Wilfred said.

Author Note: special thanks to Lyric_Just and Genevieve_DS for the gifts.

Note: please make sure you are reading this story on .com the official source of this story. If you are reading this anywhere else it is illegal and hurting the author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 - Attack on Avrion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wilfred had quickly realised why Jack and Ray had rushed into the arena. Wilfred felt like a fool for not noticing something was strange earlier. Wilfred was now quite a far distance away from Geo's position as he tried his best to move Jack as far away as possible. Wilfred's only hope now was that Sir K would be able to stop Geo in time.

Although Ray and Sir K were no longer fighting, Sir K was hurt more than he thought from Ray's attack. As he tried to move, Sir K could tell his internal organs were badly hurt.

This meant Ray was currently the closest person who was able to help Ian out. As Ray went to take a step forward though, two girls had come forward and stood right in the middle of his path, each holding a metal fan in their hand. They were familiar faces…they were the third-year students who went up against Sloth and Badger, Violet and Aqua.

Ray scanned them with his dragon eyes and it was as he thought, they too were infected with the shadow plague.

"Leave them to us!" A voice from behind was heard.

As Ray looked behind him. He could see that it was Badger and Sloth. As soon as they saw Ian get hit with the axe, they knew something was wrong. They had responded the quickest, rushing to the scene first.

"Thank you," Ray said as he ran straight forward.

The two sisters tried to attack Ray with their metal fans but before they could hit Ray, the two twins had stopped their attacks.

"You really think you can take us on?" Violet said.

"You already lost to us once, you'll just lose again," Aqua said.

Then at the same time, Badger and Sloth responded.

"This time we're together and we never lose together."

Ray had gotten even closer to Ian but for some reason, it seemed like Geo was taking his time. Like he wanted Ray to get closer and then when Ray was finally close enough, that was when he would finish Ian off.

What Geo didn't know was that Ray had a trick up his sleeve. When he was just close enough, he would put all his Ki power into the tip of his toes and blast off right into Geo. Ray needed to wait until he was at the right distance.

After a few feet, more Ray would finally be close enough. Suddenly, a long sword came swinging out from the side. Ray managed to see the sword just in time and ducked under the attack. When he looked up to see who it was, it was another person from the third-year group, Arthur.

Arthur too had been infected by the shadow plague. Ray couldn't help but think something worse was about to happen. All of these people showing up now to just take out one person didn't make sense.

They had been keeping it a secret for this long so why reveal it all now? Arthur then took another swing at Ray but before it could even reach him, it was stopped mid-air by a spear.

"You duck out of a fight with me, only to come in now?!" Dan shouted. "Let's see you run away from this!"

"Ray quickly go! I'll deal with him. And I'm sorry about everything I said before, just save Ian please!"

Geo looked like his head was going to explode with anger. All these people coming in to help Ray infuriated him. There was now no need for him to stall any longer. Geo lifted his axe and swung it down towards Ian's head.

Ray was still too far away. Even with him using all his Ki to give him a speed boost, he knew he wouldn't make it in time.

As Geo swung his axe down though, he suddenly felt a sharp pain feeling in his stomach. The area around his stomach slowly started to feel warm. As he looked down, he could see that two blades had pierced right through him.

Geo turned around and could see a blonde boy behind him. It was from Harry. Harry then pulled the blades out of Geo's stomach and sliced off at Geo's neck, finishing him.

"I will always have you back Jack," Harry said smiling.

Everyone felt relieved as they saw Harry defeat Geo but that only lasted a short while. After seeing one of their own being defeated, the infected students had no reaction and continued to fight.

Suddenly, screams were heard from the crowd in the arena. As they looked up at the arena, they could see many knights fighting with hooded men dressed in black. People were screaming and running around trying to get away.

As the citizens would pass the hooded men in black, they would be slashed and attacked.

"What on earth is happening?" Kyle said as he looked at the chaos.

Wilfred then pulled out a special green looking crystal. As he spoke into it, his voice was being projected to the whole city.

"Knights, we are under attack from the Dark Guild. Protect the citizens at all cost. Make sure the elders are escorted to safety. This is not a drill. The arena has been invaded by the Dark Guild."

Wilfred had noticed the clothing of the men straight away. He knew this was no simple small attack.

As soon as Ray had heard those words, he went to scan the whole arena with his dragon eyes skill. Everywhere he could see auras of purple flames. Then a thought came to his mind…the medical bay.

When Ray looked through the arena floor down into the medical bay, the sight shocked him. It was the place with the most people with purple flames of aura.

"Kyle!" Ray shouted. "Go down to the medical bay. Slyvia, Monk, Gary, Martha…they're all in trouble down there. Hurry!"

Kyle was closest to the entrance to the arena; he hadn't moved while all the chaos was happening as he was stunned by everything. As soon as he heard Ray's voice, he quickly snapped out of it. He had to go help his friends.

Kyle quickly Ran through the arena entrance and headed down for the medical bay.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 - To the Academy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slyvia's four brothers were currently watching the match between Ian and Geo from the arena above. As the match was happening, Mathew the eldest brother and a general in the Allure Kingdom army, spotted Geo drinking a purple liquid from a test tube. When he saw the test tube his eyes opened wide.

"That can't be what I think it is?" John said who was standing by Mathew's side.

"It seems like the liquid has already reached the city," Mathew said, "We must stop the match straight away."

Mathew then looked towards Max. "Max, I'm afraid our dear little sister may be in danger. You must head down to the medical bay and do whatever you can to make sure she's safe."

Mathew didn't actually think Slyvia was in any trouble, but he didn't want the youngest of the four of them to be involved in military affairs. Not yet anyway. The best thing to do now was to send him away.

"You can count on me," Max said as he took off running through the crowd.

Then, just before Mathew, Josh and Jake could act, they noticed that someone from the arena already made a move. It was Ray. Ray had come storming from the side lines onto the arena stage and was heading straight for Geo as soon as he saw the purple liquid.

"That boy, does he know something is up?" Mathew said.

"Should we help him?" Jake asked.

Just then they saw Sir K block Ray's attack.

"Those idiots!" John shouted.

While Jake and John were focused on what was happening in the arena. Mathew started to notice strange movements within the crowd. Something stood out to him. Currently, every single person was focused on the fight including his brothers. Yet these men were stood perfectly still, no cheering, no nothing.

Mathew started to walk over to one of the men in the crowd barging people as he walked past them. When Mathew got closer, he started to gather his mana, grabbing the moisture in the air. He was getting ready to strike. Finally, when Mathew was in striking distance of the man,

the man turned to him and looked him in the eye. "It's too late." The man said.

Mathew could see that the whites in the man's eyes had been completely replaced with a dark purple.

"Everyone Run!" Mathew shouted but it was too late.

The man dropped his white robe to reveal the clothing of the Dark Guild. The main trait of a Dark Guild member was their robe they would wear over all their armour and clothing. The robe was black in colour but down the back of the robe it would have the Dark Guild's crest. The crest was purple, with the design of an eyeball with wings.

The Dark Guild member spun in a circle slicing off the heads of the crowd that stood next to him. Mathew had hesitated to attack, afraid he might hit the citizens but it didn't matter now, for they were all dead.

Mathew no longer hesitated and used his skill Water Slash. He shot out a meter-long line of water from his hand. As soon as it touched the Dark Guild member, he had been split in half.

Mathew then looked around the arena and noticed there were around 30 Dark Guild members in the arena causing chaos. Some were fighting against Avrion knights. Jake and John had already stepped into action and were helping the best they could.

But Mathew was more concerned with something else. He couldn't help but shake this powerful feeling coming from outside the arena that was coming closer and closer by the second.

******

Ray had decided to send Kyle down to the medical bay because he knew something big was happening underneath. The purple flames seemed to be multiplying and that meant trouble for Slyvia and the others.

The reason why Ray didn't go down himself though was because he felt an even bigger threat was moving towards the arena. A power far stronger than he had ever felt before.

Wilfred after making the announcement had urgently rushed off to escort the elders out of the arena and back to the academy. The academy was the most guarded place in the city and the safest. Wilfred also advised that the citizens and everyone else to go to the academy as soon as possible.

That left the students and Sir K to deal with the Dark Guild members in the arena. The two twins Badger and Sloth were currently going at it with the two sisters. They were holding up fairly well and fighting a lot better now that they were together.

Dan, on the other hand, was struggling. His weapon was clearly inferior to Arthur's and at any moment now it looked like his spear would snap.

Some of the Dark Guild members had jumped down from the arena and were currently fighting with the third-year students. Sir K was currently on the ground meditating doing his best to recover his wounds so he would be in fighting condition again.

Ray could still feel the power getting closer and he knew to face whatever was coming, he would have to be at full strength and would need the help of others.

"Jack! Look after Sir K…something big is coming and we're going to need his help." Ray shouted.

Sir K then stood up from the ground.

"Ray, I know you can feel it too. Just get out of here and don't come back." Sir K said, "I believe you are the child from the prophecy. Whatever happens, you must live."

Ray didn't say anything to Sir K and just jumped up from the arena floor into the seating area. A couple of Dark Guild members came at him but Ray knocked each of them back with one blow. But these were stronger than your average members, as they were infected with the shadow plague. They quickly stood up and rushed forward again.

Ray didn't have time to deal with them. He continued running forward until he was eventually on top of the arena. He used all his strength to jump to the closest building. Ray managed to jump a distance of around 15 meters and landed on a nearby roof. When he looked behind him, he could still see the two Dark Guild members.

Ray quickly summoned Noir and jumped on her back.

"To Avrion academy!" Ray shouted.

And like a lightning bolt, Noir ran as fast as she could.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 - Medical Bay
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slyvia had been in the medical bay for a while now and had almost made a full recovery. There were many people in the medical bay from yesterday's matches, who were told to stay overnight so they could get the proper care.

Unlike the others, Slyvia wasn't heavily damaged. Her muscles were just overused from using too much Ki, which would be quickly resolved with some rest. Although thanks to the doctors and Slyvia's own abilities, she was able to recover quicker than most.

While Slyvia was recovering she was amazed to see Gary get called in on a stretcher. Slyvia rushed over to see if he was okay. Just then Gary had just slightly regained consciousness and could see Slyvia threw the small slit in his eyes. He saw the worried look on her face and gave a thumbs up. She straight away knew this meant that Gary had won his match against Harry.

After checking up on Gary and seeing that he was all okay, Slyvia planned to go back up to the arena to give the other's her support but just as she was about to move, she heard a familiar voice crying her eyes out.

"Monk, you idiot, why did you do that?" Martha cried.

The doors to the medical bay opened once more and storming in through the doors were two doctors pulling another person on a stretcher and Martha just behind them.

"Please we need space." One of the doctors said to Martha.

Martha had stopped flowing Monk and the doctors as they went into a private room for treatment. The room was attached to the medical bay and was used for more serious injuries that needed an operation.

Slyvia quickly approached Martha and asked what happened. Martha explained the whole story about her match and what Monk had done. Slyvia could see that Martha was on the verge of breaking down and needed someone to be with her, so the two of them decided to wait for Monk while the matches were still going on.

A little while later and one of the doctors had come out of the medical room. Martha immediately stood up and rushed over to the doctor.

"Is he going to be okay?"

"Thankfully the injury wasn't too serious, we managed to remove the arrow from the body and we're currently supplying him painkillers. There doesn't seem to be any damage to his internal organs so his body should be able to do the rest of the work. The important thing is for him not to move about otherwise the wound could reopen again."

Martha and Slyvia bowed to the doctor as a sign of thanks before the doctor rushed off to check up on other patients. Now that Monk was back in top shape, Martha finally got to have a look at the situation in the medical bay.

"Wow, I didn't realise there were still so many people in here?" Martha said. "Were they really hurt that bad?"

Slyvia didn't find it strange at first because it was the arenas medical bay, so it was expected to have injured people here but what Martha had said made Slyvia think. The injuries of the contestant weren't too bad and even if they were, they didn't have the correct equipment at the arena to treat them all effectively.

There were only so many private rooms like the one Monk had gone too. If their injuries were truly bad, they should have been transported to the city hospital by now.

Slyvia began to walk around and check up on some of the patients her self. She had been part of the medical club for some time now so she had some basic understanding of medicine.

As she checked on the students, she noticed some students were showing signs of having a serious fever. Their temperature was high and they were sweating like crazy.

Meanwhile, Gary was one of the patients currently on the floor being treated by a doctor. Gary looked like he had completely passed out. He had a tough fight against Harry and just by looking at his body you could tell.

Although Gary's injuries weren't life-threatening so there was no need to take him into a private room. The doctor then pulled out a syringe and placed it just above Gary's arm. Just in case Gary was conscious the doctor was explaining the procedure as he went through it.

"Now I'm just going to administer a painkiller to numb the pain for you first, you're going to feel a small prick in your arm."

When the needle was just about to poke into Gary, the doctor suddenly felt his wrist being grabbed.

"What do you think you're doing?" Gary said.

Gary had been completely unconscious up until this point. While his eyes were closed, he heard a voice speak out to him.

"Gary, you're in danger… you are…. all… in danger."

Then when Gary had opened his eyes, he saw the doctor in front of him with the syringe.

"As I said, I'm just giving you a painkiller." The doctor said with a nervous smile. while Gary's hand was still holding his wrist.

Just then Slyvia and Martha appeared behind the doctor. After seeing the students come down with a fever she quickly rushed over to where Garry was.

Slyvia took the syringe from the doctor's hand and held it up in the air. Looking at the liquid flow forwards and backwards. The liquid was purple in colour and wasn't just moving backwards and forwards like a regular liquid.

If she left the syringe completely still the liquid would move about as if it was alive.

"I demand you to tell me what is in this liquid?" Slyvia said as she stared at the doctor.

"It's already too late."

Suddenly the groans of the students on the floor started getting louder. As if something was trying to claw out of their body.

"What is happening to them?" One of the doctors said as he was sitting next to a patient on the ground.

Some of the doctors were panicking trying to get the students to calm down, while some were just standing there watching. Suddenly a few of the doctors took off their white robes to reveal the clothing of the Dark guild underneath them.

The doctor that was still held by Gary's wrist started to laugh out loud like a madman. Gary picked up his weapon by his side and without hesitation stabbed the doctor right through his heart.

As Gary slowly stood up next to Martha and Slyvia the sight in front of them was unbelievable. The Students in the medical bay were no longer m.o.a.ning but now were slowly standing up. But as they did, they appeared almost lifeless. The white could be seen clearly in their eyes and they looked almost brain dead. The limbs would flop about as if they had lost control of their body.

The students where currently roaming around as if they were a bunch of zombies.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 - Extra power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While riding on Noir's back, Ray had long lost the two Dark Guild members chasing him. They seemed to have given up and decided to head back to the arena. As Ray went through the city, he noticed there were a few attacks here and there around the city but nowhere near the number of Dark Guild members that had gathered at the arena.

Whatever they were looking for it seemed like it had something to do with the arena. Everything else was almost a distraction to get the knights to spread out far and thin.

Before heading straight to Avrion Academy, Ray decided to make a stop at the martial arts hall. The place was rather quiet, as most knights had gone to either the arena to help out, or back to the academy for cover. The rest were helping where they could at the areas that had been attacked.

The area where the martial arts hall was wasn't populated in the first place. With everything going on it was almost deserted. There wasn't another person in sight. Ray left Noir just outside the martial arts hall as he went in.

"If you see anyone Noir, make sure you let me know."

"Ruff" Noir said in response.

Ray quickly went into the Martial arts hall and went straight for the old man's storage room.

"I'm sorry about this old man, but it's an emergency."

Ray was currently looking around for anything that could help with fighting the Dark Guild members. His Intermediate tier gauntlets weren't going to do anything to help him. After fighting with Killer, he knew he needed an upgrade but he didn't have the time to go hunting.

That's when he decided to go to the martial arts hall. When the old man had given him the gauntlets, the old man said he could have given him better gear but decided not to in case the others would think it was unfair.

Ray quickly went through piles of junk but it didn't take him long until he found what he was looking for. At the back of the room, there was a pile of weapons. It was amazing what the old man had collected over the years but what interested Ray most was a new pair of gauntlets.

The gauntlets were silver in colour with a black trim along the edges. It had ridged fins coming from each side making Ray guess it came from a type of sea monster. They looked strong and sturdy and was definitely better than his current gauntlets. Ray open up his endless void and shoved the gauntlets in there, but he didn't stop at just the gauntlets. Ray took every single weapon that was there on the table.

There was a mix of all sorts of weapons. They were mainly all intermediate weapons but still of good quality. Ray left the martial arts hall, got on Noir's back again and started heading straight for the academy.

******

Gary, Slyvia and Martha had backed into the corner of the room without realising it. Student after student were slowly rising from the ground and each one looked lifeless. There were 6 Dark Guild members in the room smiling as they watched the situation unfold.

The few doctors in the room stopped trying to treat the students and started to slowly back away as well. Then suddenly one of them couldn't take it anymore and made a rush towards the exit. At first, the doctor ran past a few of the students and there was no reaction. Even as he bumped into them, they would simply just stumble and get back into a standing position.

One of the Dark Guild members then slowly lifted his hands and pointed at the doctor.

"Get him!"

On the Dark Guild member's command, the students all seemed to go crazy and started to jump towards the doctor. They were ripping him from limb to limb as parts of the doctor's arms and organs could be seen going through the air. It was a horrible scene and clearly the students no longer in their own mind.

The Dark Guild members then each commanded their horde of students to go after the remaining doctors.

One of the students closest to Gary and the others suddenly turned towards them and jumped with his arms dangling out. As the first student got incredibly close to them, Gary grabbed his sword and went for a slash. As his sword was just about to strike the fellow student, he heard a Slyvia shout.

"Gary don't there still alive."

At the last second, Gary pulled his strike back and went for a punch instead, knocking the student over. The student got back up almost instantly and started attacking them again. Gary this time dodged the student's swing and then went behind him and grabbed the student by the neck.

"What the heck do you want me to then?" Gary complained as the student flailed about in his hands.

"I'm pretty sure they're still alive. We just need to get out of here for now," Slyvia replied as she looked towards the exit.

"We can't leave yet…what about Monk?" Martha said.

Slyvia was looking at the situation around her. There were about 100 students and six Dark Guild members in the room. While on their side, it was only the three of them. Their chances of surviving were slim and even more so if they needed to carry an injured person like Monk.

But Slyvia never thought for a second of leaving Monk behind.

"We go save him first," Slyvia said.

They didn't have much time. Right now, many of the students were focused on attacking the remaining doctors and weren't paying much attention to them but soon they would all be dead. Although Slyvia wished to help them, there was nothing they could currently do.

"Gary, I know I said you couldn't kill them but that doesn't mean you can't break some bones. Try aiming for their joints so they can't get back up. Martha, you do the same. I know you're not good at close range combat, but the students' reactions seem to be slower than usual. Just make sure to keep your distance. Everyone got that?"

Gary then quickly aimed for the student's knees. He kicked each one causing a popping sound. The student fell to the floor and was wiggling around in place.

Gary and Martha nodded. The three of them were ready to make way to the private medical room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115 - Shaken
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Monk was currently lying down on the medical bed in the private room. His arms felt light and he was seeing white in his vision from the blood loss. Monk lifted his arms with the little energy he had and placed them over his chest where he had been hit.

The doctors had done a good job and had stitched up the wound. Monk didn't quite know what happened after he entered the arena but he knew one thing, he was currently alive and well. All he wanted to do now was close his eyes and sleep. Just as Monk was about to though, he could hear a commotion going on just outside from his bed.

The bed he was in was surrounded by a white curtain to keep privacy between patients. The curtain was thin so Monk was able to see a shadow of three people on the other side of the curtain. Each of them wore a long white robe and had something held in their hand that looked like a clipboard.

"Oh, it must just be the doctors coming to check up on me." Monk thought.

Suddenly, one of the three doctors pulled out a long thin object. Monk had no idea what it was since he could only see a shadow but he knew it was bad. The man then pushed the metal object inside the other's stomach before taking it out and slashing the other on the neck.

Monks heart started to beat faster. Suddenly a rush of energy was coming over him, due to the scene he had just witnessed. Monk then started to pat all over his body as if he was looking for something.

"Nothing."

Monk then realised that the doctors had completely removed his equipment. All he had on currently was a green gown that patients wore. They had even taken away his two daggers. Monk then looked around the room to see if there was anything he could use.

But all he could see was a glass of water on the table right next to him.

One of the Dark Guild members had posed as a doctor and entered the private medical room. He had just taken out two of the doctors and knew there was one patient left in the room. The man drew the curtain open to see a young teenager lying on the bed.

Monk was lying on the bed now with his eyes closed pretending to be passed out.

"Well, looks like my job just got easier." The man said.

As the man walked over towards Monk's side, he heard a splash sound. The man looked down and noticed his foot was in a small puddle of water.

"What the…?"

When the man looked back up again, he saw that Monk was holding a glass cup in his hand. Monk then slammed the cup as hard as he could into the man's face. The strike was so powerful the glass shattered on impact causing pieces of glass to be jammed in just underneath the skin.

The man screamed in pain as he rolled around the floor.

"I'll kill you!"

Monk then quickly grabbed the largest piece of glass shard that he could find and jammed it into the side of the man's neck. Blood squirted out from the side and the man's eyes slowly started to close.

Monk's clothes were covered in blood and his hands were shaking like crazy. Eventually, Monk dropped the piece of glass onto the floor and looked at all the dead bodies around him.

Monk had never killed another human being before and this was his first time. He was in shock at looking at the lifeless bodies around them. Just seconds ago, they were fully moving and had lives of their own but now they would never see another day again.

Just then, the door to the private medical room slammed open and in came rushing in Slyvia, Martha and Gary.

"MONK!" Martha shouted.

Martha paid little attention to the bodies in the room and went straight over to Monk. She could see that Monk had so much blood over his hands and clothes and was afraid that he might have been hurt.

As Martha went to check if Monk was okay, she could feel his body shaking. Monk was slowly mumbling out words.

"I killed him… I really killed him…"

She immediately gave Monk a tight hug.

"It's okay Monk, it's not your fault. It's okay Monk."

Tears started to roll down Monk's face. It was a different feeling…killing another human compared to killing a beast. It felt more personal. At 16 years old, it was hard for Monk to take on this burden.

Gary had quickly gone around the room and gathered Monk's belongings.

"Get changed into these quick," Gary said as he handed over the items.

Monk then moved to another bed, one that was less bloody and drew the curtain as he quickly got changed.

"We have to move quickly!" Slyvia said.

The four of them then exited the private room into a hallway. The hallway only led to one direction which was the medical bay which they had come from. They had no choice but to head back.

The whole medical facility was built directly underneath the arena. There was no chance of escaping apart from heading back up to the arena. To do that, they would have to exit out of the private medical area, into the large medical bay. In the medical bay, there was then a single double-door that led to the surface. From there, they could either enter the city or head back to the fighting arena.

When the four of them entered the medical bay, everything in their body was telling them to turn back and run. The sight in front of them looked impossible to survive.

Currently, 100 zombie-like students had all turned their heads and faced towards them as soon as they entered the room. The sight was frightening to look at. Each student had a look of bloodl.u.s.t in their eyes as they stared at the four of them.

"What the hell is happening?" Monk asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116 - Help is needed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sounds of swords clashing against each other could be heard Just outside the arena. This was where the knights were fighting against the dark guild members. They were doing their best to escort the citizens from the arena directly to the academy. The Dark Guild members outside the arena didn't seem to be as powerful as the ones inside.

The reason for this was not all of The Dark Guild members had taken the Purple liquid. Meaning they hadn't been infected by the shadow plague, which would have given them a power boost.

Still, they were just as skilful as the knights of Avrion and were fighting them toe to toe. If it weren't for the fact that Avrion outnumbered the nights two to one they would have never been able to escort the citizens out safely.

Meanwhile, just inside the arena, Kyle was currently running about heading towards the medical bay. To get down to the medical Bay kyle needed to head back to the reception area of the arena. This part of the building linked all areas of the arena.

From the reception, there were four areas you could go to. There was the exit that led out onto the street where the knights were currently fighting The Dark Guild members. There was a staircase that led you up to the second floor to the seating area of the arena. There was also another staircase that led down underground to where the medical bay and other areas were located and finally there was the fighting arena where Kyle was coming from.

Kyle ran from the arena into the waiting area and finally, he had made it to the reception room. Kyle stood still as soon as he entered, as the scene in front of him wasn't what he had expected. There were piles of bodies everywhere on the floor of not just knights but citizens as well.

Kyle felt his stomach churning and had to nearly stop himself from throwing up. Not only that but the fighting from outside had reached inside the reception area as well. There were a few knights locked in combat with The Dark Guild members.

Just in front of Kyle, a fellow knight had been stabbed by a Dark Guild member. After taking his blade form the man's body his attention turned towards Kyle. The Dark Guild member ran charging at Kyle, as he did Kyle threw his weight chain and tied up the Dark Guild member's legs causing him to fall headfirst onto the ground.

Then suddenly another Dark Guild member jumped up in the air and was heading straight for Kyle's head with his blade. Before the man could even reach Kyle though, out of thin air came a black snake-like whip. The whip whacked the man, sending him flying through the air and onto the wall several feet away.

Kyle turned and looked at who had just helped him just now.

"Nay?"

Nay was the third-year contestant that had gone against Kyle in the arena. Kyle couldn't imagine she had followed him all this way. Unless she had feelings for him Kyle thought.

His eyes started to fill up with hearts. As Nay saw this she felt even more disgusted by Kyle.

"Calm down, Jack asked me to help you,"

Before Kyle could ask why their introduction was cut short. Just then a group of ten Dark Guild members came storming into the reception from outside.

"What is going on, where are all the knights?" Kyle asked.

The knights had only been buying time for the citizens to all leave the arena. Now that they had left, they had a new mission which was to escort the citizens safely to the academy. Unexpectedly to the knights though, the dark guild members decided to stay at the arena rather than follow them.

But the knights knew the citizens were their top priority. They needed to take the citizens back to the academy first before they could come back to the arena to help the rest. Leaving Nay and Kyle to take care of the rest of the Dark Guild members.

The Dark Guild members went straight for Kyle and Nay as soon as they saw the two of them. Luckily for them, both of their weapons could be used at long distances. They were able to keep the Dark Guild members away but at this rate, they weren't able to progress forward either.

Little by little without realising it the Dark guild members had been putting pressure on Nay and Kyle moving them back until they had reached the stairs.

"Crap, we are heading in the completely wrong direction," Kyle said.

"There's nothing we can do, there's too many of them to attack them properly," Nay replied.

Just then both of them could hear the sound of footsteps coming from the stairs behind them.

"Don't tell me there behind us as well?" Kyle said.

Just then a male with silver spikey hair and a blue and white straight coat came running down the stairs. As he saw the Dark Guild members, he started gathering mana in his hands.

"Water slash!" Max shouted.

Two beams went shouting out from Max's hands hitting two of the Dark guild members and knocking them over. Kyle and Nay didn't know who this boy was but clearly, he was not on the Dark guild's side.

Now with the support of Max, Kyle and Nay didn't waste any opportunity going on the attack. Kyle and Nay would attack and if a Dark Guild member came at them, Max would then shoot them with his water magic.

Finally, with the help of Max, they were able to defeat the remaining Dark guild members.

"Thank you for your help," Nay said politely as she looked Max up and down noticing he was quite handsome and her type.

"Do you know how to get to the medical bay?" Max asked.

Kyle and Nay then looked at each other.

"We're heading there right now." Kyle replied. "follow me I'll show you the way."

Max nodded and the three of them headed towards the medical bay together.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117 - Zombies
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Kyle leading the way and Nay and Max following. The group quickly headed down the stairs to under the arena as quick as they could. On the way to the medical bay, they went past several rooms such as the training room, the weapons room and every single one of them was empty.

Although Kyle not seeing any dead bodies took at as a good sign.

"How much further!" Max said as he was worried that something might have happened to his sister.

Max was closest in age to Slyvia and his brothers had always told him that he needed to look after his sister. The two of them would often play with each other as kids but Max always saw his sister as weak due to not being able to wield magic. He was just as shocked as everyone else when Slyvia had suggested she had been admitted into Avrion.

Everyday Max was worried about her.

"It's just those double doors up ahead!" Kyle shouted.

*****

Slyvia and her group were completely surrounded by brain dead students. Slyvia stood at the front of the group with her shield blocking any oncoming attacks. Monk and Gary would then make quick work of the students aiming for their joints. While Martha did the best, she could to stop anyone from the sides.

The problem was even if Gary and monk would break the student's bones, they would still use whatever power and bones they had left to crawl towards them. It was truly frighting how determined the students were to get rid of them.

"I think they're somehow being controlled by the Dark Guild members," Slyvia said, "They haven't moved an inch."

"It's not like we can get over there right now!" Gary shouted back as he punched another student in the face.

Slyvia knew Gary was right, there were simply too many students to get through if they wanted to reach the Dark Guild members, they would have to resort to killing. If they didn't, then it would be them on the floor lifeless instead.

Slyvia clenched her jaw as she was deciding whether to give the order to kill or not.

"Gary, Monk Martha, you can use your we…." Just then before Slyvia could finish her sentence the door to the medical bay swung wide open.

In came three familiar faces.

As soon as Kyle and the others entered the room half of the student's attention when straight towards them.

"ZZZZ Zombies!!!" Kyle shouted.

Just as Kyle was about to swing his chain at the students coming towards him, Slyvia shouted.

"Don't Kyle their still alive!"

Kyle then quickly changed his tactic and instead swung his chain at the student's legs, knocking over a row of students that came towards him. The chain was a far more effective weapon and due to its bluntness, it would only do major physical damage rather than slicing off their limbs.

A group of students behind the fallen ones were struggling to move forward now. the students on the ground got in the way of the students behind them and if they tried moving forward, they too would fall.

Nay seeing this decided to do the same tactic as Kyle and would wrap her whip around the student's legs and flip them over.

Soon they had a barrier of fallen students between them and the other students. The problem now though was Slyvia and her group would be trapped as well. If they made a run for the exit the pile of student bodies would also get in their way.

Then Nay suddenly had an idea.

"Max, are you able to create a water barrier?"

"Yes, but I'm running out of mana, I won't be able to keep it up for long?"

"That's fine."

Nay then explained her plan to Kyle and Max and they were ready to execute it into motion. As the students would get back up, Kyle and Nay would continue making them fall back to the ground. While Max behind them was busy gathering mana for a spell.

"It's ready!" Max shouted.

Kyle and Nay then struck a row of students at the same time. Knocking them over to the side. This created a tunnel like path that led straight to Slyvia and the others.

"Sil Balase!" Max chanted.

Then a water wall between the pathway appeared blocking the horde of students from reaching and grabbing into the path. Just like with Ki, Mage's to were able to harden their attribute. Some masters would be able to form a weapon and keep it hardened for a long period of time.

But Max was still an amateur, so he wasn't able to last long.

Slyvia as soon as she saw the path commanded the others to follow her. The problem was at the end of the path there was also a group of students who Kyle and Nay had knocked over. Slyvia wasn't sure what they would do when they reached their but could only hope they had a plan.

Slyvia charged in first with, Monk, Martha, Kyle and Gary behind her. They quickly ran to the end of the path without getting a scratch on them from the other student's thanks to Max's water wall.

"Err, Slyvia, there's kinda a dead end up ahead," Martha said.

"We just have to trust them!" Slyvia said as she carried on moving forward.

Then when the group was just about to reach the end of the path. Martha and Slyvia felt something wrap around their body. Then the next second the two of them were lifted into the air and landed down right next to Nay and Kyle.

Nay and Kyle had controlled their Ki perfectly to be able to control their weapons as if it were another part of their body. They then used this to grab their friends and pull them over the horde of students who had been knocked over.

Nay and Kyle did the same thing again with Gary and Monk. Finally, everyone was on the same side just by the exit of the medical bay.

For some reason, the Dark Guild members in the medical bay still hadn't moved but their faces were now red with anger.

"Get them!" The Dark Guild member shouted.

The horde quickly moved towards the exit not caring for their fellow students who were laid on the ground. Some of the students fell over each over but now the sheer number was too overwhelming. Many of the students had just been trampled over as if they would do anything to complete their master's command.

Slyvia and the others without hesitation ran as soon as they had reached the exit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118 - Storm is coming
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sound of footsteps and groans of students could be heard echoing through the halls of the building. 100 students all groaning at the same time was a frightening thing to hear.

The group continued to run up the stairs without looking back. Their heart was beating fast, their breath was short and two of them had serious injuries but they had no choice if they wanted to live, they needed to ignore their pains and keep moving.

"Don't look back, don't look back." Kyle kept repeating, but he quickly gave in to his urge and turned around to see the group of 100 students chasing after them.

"Why did I look back!"

"Just keep running!" Slyvia shouted.

The stairs allowed the group to create a larger distance between them and the students. the Zom- kids as Kyle nicknamed them, struggled to control their bodies, causing them to fall over each over as they went up the stairs.

Finally, they had made it to the top and were in the reception area.

"Err guys I got more bad news!" Max said.

Currently, there was a row of Dark Guild members standing in front of the exit to the outside. The group had originally planned to head into the city and eventually to Avrion academy. Although they could fight the Dark guild, if they did the Zom-kids would quickly catch up to them.

"What do we do?" Nay asked.

Then Slyvia pointed at the arena entrance.

"We have no choice; we have to head to the arena. Hopefully, the others have dealt with the rest by now and they can help us!"

There was no time to argue, everyone continued running forward towards the arena.

****

On the roof of a tall building just outside Avrion academy. Ray was currently standing looking at the situation. The knights were busy escorting citizens into the academy but they didn't look to be anyone from the Dark Guild attacking.

What worried Ray more was the fact that there was no one coming back out of the academy to help the students at the arena. Ray thought once they had escorted the citizens into the academy, they would at least send a small army to the arena.

Ray jumped down from the building and ran and sneaked past the guards at the Avrion entrance. They were doing stringent checks since many students and knights turned out to be members of the Dark Guild but it was no problem for Ray to get past them with everyone panicking at the entrance, besides Ray was a student anyway but he wanted to get in fast.

Ray had originally planned to head to his room to retrieve the spear and then head straight back to the arena with the help of the other knights but something was worrying him about the whole situation. Nearly all the citizens had been escorted into the academy, yet it didn't seem like they were going to make a move on the arena any time soon.

Using the black sash shadow skill Ray was able to hide himself and appear almost invisible. Ray then decided to head to the top floor of the academy were the elders resided and often had their meetings.

Once Ray had reached the top floor, he was met with a giant grand door. Ray used his dragon eyes skill and could see that there were 6 people sat down in chairs. While four stood by their side.

The six people in chairs were most likely the elders but Ray had no clue who the people standing were.

Ray went up to the door and put his ear as close as possible to hear what they were talking about. Ever since he had evolved, his hearing had improved by tenfold. It took him a while to control when he wanted to use it and didn't but eventually, he was able to perfect it.

"We need to go back and rescue the students!" Wilfred shouted as he slammed his fist on the table.

"And if you go, who will stay here to protect the Academy?" An elder said.

"I can go by myself; Delbert, Bernardo and Rose can stay here to protect you if you are that scared."

"You fool, I'm not talking about us. You dam well know what is underneath this academy. The attack on the arena is most likely a decoy. Once we send a single troop, they will change their destination to this very spot."

"And you would sacrifice the very lives off the students."

"Sometimes you must sacrifice the lives of a few to save many."

Ray's blood was boiling at what he had just heard. The elders didn't escort the citizens here for safety, that was just an excuse. They wanted to protect whatever secret this academy was hiding and to do so they would happily let the students die.

Ray had heard enough and left to go to his room. Ray felt foolish that he thought for once he could rely on the academy for help. In the end, just like everything else, there was only one person he could rely on and that was himself.

Ray grabbed the spear from underneath his bed and went to the rooms mirror.

"Skill Transform."

As he activated the skill transform, his body started to change and turned into the adventurer man named Nes.

"Skill endless void."

Ray then equipped the new gauntlets that he had obtained along with the Armadillo chest piece and the spear from Killer in his hand.

Then a thought came to Ray's mind. If they weren't going to use the knights at the academy to help. Then at least he could use them in some way. Before Ray left the academy, he decided to pay a visit to as many knights as possible.

*****

After executing his plan on the knights, Ray was finally ready to leave. He went to the roof of his dorms building and could see the arena in the distance. Just above the arena, dark black clouds gathered but they looked unusual, almost unnatural and man-made.

Lightning would continuously strike at the arena. Ray knew what he had sensed a while back had finally arrived. He needed to hurry, he had wasted too much time at the academy and needed to get back to the others as soon as possible.

If he didn't, they would all be dead.

Ray then summoned Noir and headed into the direction of the arena hoping he wasn't too late.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119 - Silence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A strong smell of iron was filled in the air at the arena. Fights were going on in every section of the arena floor. The third-year students were being kept busy by numerous members of the Dark Guild. The numbers had increased once the knights from outside had gone to escort the remaining citizens.

"When are we going to get any backup!" Harry shouted as he defended another attack.

Mathew, Josh and Jake had also come down from the stands, to help out the students who were fighting against the Dark Guild members on the ground. Mathew knew that if the academy was going to send reinforcements that they should have been here by now.

Either the academy and city were in a worse situation then Mathew thought or they had been abandoned by the academy. Mathew chose to not say these words out loud for fear of the student's morale.

Although the students were tough, they were outnumbered and the Dark guild members were highly skilled but not only that the Dark guild members were fighting strangely. It didn't seem like they were trying to kill their opponents but instead were buying time for something.

Sir K noticed that Mathew was very skilful and decided to stay near him so the two of them could communicate.

"I notice the badge you are wearing, are you a general for the Alure kingdom Army?" Sir K asked as he slashed at another Dark guild member running at him.

Mathew pushed away another Dark Guild member with a small mini water wave.

"Yes, and I think I know what you are going to ask me. The strange power is moving fast, I think at most we have 15 minutes."

"Well, we better get moving then."

Suddenly Sir K and Mathew seemed to move into another gear. They attacked harder and faster at the remaining Dark Guild members as if their life depended on it. The others seeing this was inspired and they too started to attack more aggressively.

Badger and Sloth were still fighting against the two sisters. They were quick and fast and now that they were working as a team, they were almost untouchable. The two sisters couldn't believe it.

"How, we beat you so easily in the tournament!" Aqua screamed as she blocked an attack.

Badger and Sloth didn't say anything, they knew they had the two sisters on their back foot.

Aqua then went for a strike with her metal fan. Badger blocked the strike and then kicked her hand and fan in the air. While doing so, Badger performed a backflip over his brother Sloth. Now Sloth could see Aqua was wide open and he dashed in stabbing aqua in the stomach.

Violet screamed in response to seeing her sister's blood fall to the floor. She recklessly charged in at Sloth completely forgetting about Badger, who was now directly behind her.

"Goodnight," Badger said as he sliced at the back of her neck.

The two sisters then fell to the ground at the same time. Badger and Sloth were tired and worn out. Working together they were skilful but doing so many acrobatics stunts in the middle of fight wore them down quickly, they knew they needed to finish their fight as soon as possible.

The two of them wanted to rest but when they looked around the arena, they could still see the others struggling.

"Come on let's go help out," Bader said.

Sloth nodded and the two of them quickly went to the third-year students who were looked like they needed the most help at the moment.

Meanwhile, Dan was currently facing Arthur in a one on one fight. A couple of Dark Guild members had tried to join the fight to tip the scales in Arthur's favour but Josh and Jake would then use their water magic to push them away.

Dan was seriously struggling against Arthur. He was mainly on the defensive blocking strong powerful blows. Every time the long sword would hit Dan's spear, he could feel the vibrations ringing through his body, causing his arms to feel numb.

Dan knew that if he carried on like this, he would eventually lose the fight and needed to do something fast. Arthur's attacks were not only getting stronger with each strike but he was slowly starting to get possessed more and more by the shadow plague.

The white in his eyes started to turn purple and the power of his Ki continued to increase. The next attack from Arthur caused Dan to stumble and fall to the ground.

"This is the end!" Arthur said as he swung for one last hit at Dan.

Then out from the side, a spinning tornado powered arrow seemed to shoot out of nowhere and knock the sword right out of Arthurs's hand. Dan didn't think twice before using his spear to stab Arthur right in the throat.

A few seconds later Arthurs body had become lifeless. Dan then moved his spear to slowly throw Arthurs body onto the ground. As he got up from the floor, he saw Cherry in the distance had fallen to her knees.

With the help of Badger and Sloth, the third-year students finished dealing with the Dark Guild members. When Cherry went to look around the arena, she saw that Dan was in trouble and used all her energy to shot one last shot, saving Dan's life.

Dan quickly went over to the third-year students and bowed down to Cherry dearly for saving his life, then he quickly noticed that everyone in the arena had stopped fighting. There were no longer any Dark Guild members stood up left alive.

Everyone was tired and worn out, their clothes covered in blood, scars and wounds all over from multiple attacks. If the fight went on any longer, they all would have lost their energy.

Everyone naturally moved to the centre of the arena were Sir K and Mathew were stood. The students wanted advice on what they should next and went to those in charge.

In the middle of the arena was, Sir K, Mathew, Jake and Josh were the a.d.u.l.ts were present. Then the third-year students, Jack, Harry and Cherry and lastly the second year students Badger, Sloth and Dan. Ian was still on the floor slowly breathing, Sir K was doing his best to treat the wounds, it looked like Ian would live for now but needed to get to a hospital as soon as possible.

The arena was suddenly peaceful, as the sound of fighting stopped but that didn't last long. From the entrance of the arena, the sound of people running and m.o.a.ning could be heard. The whole stadium felt like it was slightly vibrating, as the sounds of hundreds of people running could be heard.

Everyone's attention was now on the entrance of the arena, waiting to see what was coming next.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120 - 12 VS 100
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone was staring intently at the entrance of the arena. As if they were expecting something grand to appear any second now. The sounds of the m.o.a.ns were chilling but no one would move from the spot they were in.

Every person there had a reason why they needed to stay. Jack was simply following orders to look after Ray's friends while Ray was away. The third-year students had a debt to Jack and wouldn't leave without him. While the second-year students were still wondering where their friends were who went to the medical bay.

Lastly, Mathew was waiting for his dear sister and brother with Josh and Jake, while Sir K felt like it was his duty to get as many students out of the arena as possible, even if it meant him dying.

The group continued staring at the entrance waiting for the first thing to run through that hall. Then suddenly a silver-haired girl came running out panting hard out of breath.

"Slyvia!" Josh and Jake said as they saw their sister come out from the entrance.

Then following behind her was Max, Kyle, Nay, Monk and Gary.

But something was wrong, everyone could tell just from the look of their faces.

"Get ready for battle!" Slyvia cried. "We must not hurt them, they're the students."

Everyone although tired, listened to what Slyvia had said and readied their weapons but was confused by what Slyvia had said. Slyvia and the others quickly joined the group in the arena.

Then everyone was waiting nervously to see what would step out of the long hall in front of them. Suddenly, a student came stumbling out rolling on the ground, just by looking at this person you could tell they weren't in control of their body.

"That's what you were scared of?" Dan said.

But then shortly after just behind the stumbling student, all a hundred of the Zom-kids came storming out.

"It's as Slyvia said, do your best to not harm the students!" Sir K shouted, "But by any means, I am not letting a single one of you die here today, if it's you or them always chose you!"

Josh and Jake looked at each other as soon as they saw the students enter the arena.

"It is as we feared brother."

"You two go look for the ones controlling them, I will do my best to restrain the students," Mathew said.

The two of them nodded in agreement.

Mathew had a worried look on his face but it wasn't because of the students in front of him, but the dreaded feeling of something worse coming towards them. As Mathew looked up at the sky, he could see that dark purple clouds were starting to form.

"Keep them off me! I will deal with them all!" Mathew shouted.

The students looked at him like they were hearing things. How could one-person deal with all these students without harming them but everyone knew they were low on energy even if they were allowed to kill the students it was unlikely they would survive. All they could do was rely on Slyvia's brother.

The second-year students then formed a circle around Mathew while the others formed a line in the direction of the entrance with Sir K in the lead.

The Zom-Kids clashed directly into the first row of students. Sir K and Jack did most of the brute work, chucking students in the air and attacking their weak points. Jack was using his body as a meat shield; the student's barehanded strikes did not hurt him allowing the others to attack.

Of course, the line was not perfect and it allowed many of the other Zom-Kids to get through. This was where the circle surrounding Mathew would come in. They did their best to not allow any of the kids to get close to Mathew while he was busy chanting.

Meanwhile Jake and Josh had their own mission assigned to them by their brother Mathew. They had waited off to the side for all of the Zom kids to completely empty out form the entrance. Once they had, Jake and Josh snuck into the entrance and started heading inside as if they were looking for something.

They turned their head and looked at the carnage outside. It was currently 12 vs 100 out there and didn't seem like they were going to last much longer.

"Come on we have to hurry!" Jake said.

The two of them continued to run until they had finally reached the reception area. The 6 dark guild members were inside the reception slowly moving towards the arena.

"They are here, we must hurry!"

Jake and Josh quickly cast water spells attacking the 6 dark guild members. The first man went down and as he did something strange was happening outside.

A group of the Zom-Kids fell to the ground and started screaming flaying and clawing at their own bodies. Their own hands were causing scratch marks across their body, skin and flesh were starting to rip off everywhere, as if they were trying to get something out.

"What is happening!" Martha cried as she saw one of her fellow students roll about on the ground.

"Looks like they found them," Mathew said.

Then shortly after all the Zom-kids stopped attacking and started rolling around on the ground.

"No, No, they are all going to die!" Martha Cried

Then finally Mathew was ready.

"Water sphere!" Mathew shouted.

As Mathew cast his spell, a bubble of water appeared on all of the student's heads. The bubble completely covered their head leaving no room for the students to breathe.

Slyvia quickly ran to her brother's arm and started pulling at him.

"Stop it, Stop it you're going to kill them."

"It's the only way."

After a couple of minutes of the water bubbles being on the Zom-kids head's something strange happened. The zom-kids stopped moving and as they did a purple liquid started seeping away out of their holes. From their ears, eyes, nose, mouth everywhere it could escape from. The bubbles slowly went from clear, to purple in colour.

When all the bubbles had been filled up, Mathew lifted his hands into the air. All the bubbles followed and gathered to the spot at where Mathew was pointing at forming one huge purple bubble, then suddenly, the water fell to the ground.

Mathew had run out of mana; he was panting hard and could barely stand up.

"Are they dead," Monk said looking at the bodies on the ground.

"They should be fine now, it was the only way I knew to stop it," Mathew replied.

Slyvia smiled at her brother, she felt foolish for believing her brother would be able to do something as cruel as to kill all the students.

"But now we have a bigger problem, it's finally here," Mathew said looking up at the sky where all the dark purple clouds had gathered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121 - Avrion Number one enemy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The purple clouds above the arena were starting to cover the sky. The arena's light quickly darkened as everybody's face was now covered in a dark shadow.

"What is that?" Kyle asked.

"I have no idea," Slyvia said.

Then they started to notice something strange, it was as if the clouds were all gathering in one spot, the clouds didn't seem to be natural at all, as if they were moving by someone's will.

Mathew was the first to notice what was happening with the clouds. They seemed to be all hovering and merging together above the centre of the ring. Not only that the dreaded feeling he had this whole time whatever it was, was currently in those clouds.

The clouds continued to merge until they formed one big cloud directly above the centre of the ring. Mathew looked down and noticed that every single one of them were near the centre.

"Everybody run to the side, now!" Mathew shouted as he went to pick up Slyvia and Max under his Arm and run to the edge of the arena.

Everyone listened to Mathews command. They could tell that Mathew was some high ranking official just from the clothes he was wearing and after seeing him demonstrate his skill, they knew he was a person who was knowledgeable. At least more knowledgeable than them about what was going on.

Everyone spread out in a different direction, heading for the outskirts of the arena.

Suddenly

*Bang

A loud sound was heard, a bright shining light came out from the clouds and in an instant, hit the ground. The force was so powerful it caused the dust in the arena to sweep up and blind everyone.

After the loud bang, a strong force of wind flowed. Everyone was doing their best to just stay on their feet. The bodies on the arena floor were blown to the side of the arena, hitting and knocking into some of the students.

Finally, the wind stopped and the dust was starting to settle.

"What was that!" Max asked.

"I think it was a lightning strike?" Slyvia replied.

Mathew didn't say anything but just continued to stare into the centre of the arena where the lightning strike had hit. Sir K who was now on the opposite end was doing the same. They could both feel that the strong energy that was in the clouds, was now on the arena ground.

Finally, after a while, the dust was starting to settle and as it did a figure started to appear. Some of the students thought that it might have been a legendary magical beast or something else but as the dust continued to settle down, they could finally see what was standing there.

To their surprise stood in the centre of the ring was a humanoid figure, or at least it resembled the body of a human. It stood 8 feet tall in black armour with green trim. In the centre of the chest piece, was what looked like a closed eyeball that stuck out a little from the chest.

The figures face was completely covered by a black helmet, that also resembled an eyeball with two wings sticking out where the ears should be.

Sir K was currently at the side of the arena with the second-year students stood behind him. Monk noticed that Sir K's hand was trembling, shaking almost. Whoever this man was, Sir K was clearly affected by just his presence.

The black figure turned and looked at Sir K.

"Kaden, it's been a while hasn't it?" the black figure said.

"You have no right to call me by that name!" Sir K shouted.

The students were dumbfounded by who this mysterious man was but clearly, he had a relation to Sir K. Mathew, on the other hand, knew exactly who it was the moment he had set his eyes on him.

It was one of Alure kingdoms enemies, more specifically it was probably Avrion academy's biggest enemy. He was the Dark Guild leader known as Morfran.

Slyvia then too started to recognise some of Morfran clothing. "It couldn't be," she thought.

Morfran used to be an elder at Avrion academy, in school they had taught all the students about who he was but it was kept brief. An elder who had been banished for researching forbidden arts. The school or academy never expanded on this but said he went off to create the Dark guild.

Unlike the shadow plague that was the enemy of the whole continent. The Dark guild aim was more focused on the ruin of Avrion academy.

Mathew had no clue that the two had a relation to each over until this day, when he saw the Dark guild members taking the purple liquid for the first time.

"Although I would love to catch up that is not the reason why I am here, call those elders over here right now or I will kill every single one these students in this arena."

As soon as Mathew had seen Morfran land on the ground, he had slowly been trying his best to regain his mana. He had used most of it up on all of the Zom-kids. Although his mana hadn't completely regained it was the best time for him to attack now, while Morfran's back was turned and his attention was focused on Sir K.

"Water Slash." Mathew cast a sharp blade of water, which shot out of his hand.

Josh and Jake had come back from the reception area earlier and could see Morfran standing there, as soon as they saw their brother attack they decided to follow, shooting their own water blades.

"Useless," Morfran said as he saw the water blades come at him from two different directions.

When the water blades were a few inches away from him, Morfan's body started to morph into a streak of white light. The next second Morfan had disappeared and the two water strikes went right passed him.

The flash of light appeared again and Morfran was back where he was originally standing. Morfran then lifted his hand and pointed it towards the two brothers who were at the arena entrance.

"Bye, bye," Morfran said as two lightning bolts shot out of his hand.

The shots were fast, too fast for most of the students to even keep up with. The next second they could see Josh and Jake rolling about screaming in pain.

Mathew's eyes widened.

"It can't be, he has powers of lightning!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122 - Dark Guild leader
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The arena was currently silent after witnessing what Morfran had just done. The students, Sir K and even Mathew. The reason for this was because they had just witnessed a human perform lightning magic.

Lightning magic was one of the rarest of rare abilities. They had been legends of humans once possessing it but until now no one who was alive had seen anyone perform lightning magic. Only legendary beasts had the power to wield an elemental power that was so powerful.

The one who was the most confused out of everyone was Sir K. Sir K had worked at the academy when Morfran was still an elder here. Morfran wasn't even a mage, he was a poorly skilled knight who rose to the top using underhanded methods. He couldn't believe that Morfran was hiding something like this. If Morfran truly had lightning abilities all along, he was the type of person who would have flaunted it in front of everyone.

Which meant only one thing. Somehow Morfran was able to gain lightning abilities. Sir K thought that this was even more impossible but it had to be the answer.

"Jake, Josh!" Slyvia cried as she saw her two brothers wriggling around in pain.

Morfran then lifted his hand at pointed it at the group of third years.

"Well, um Sir K I believe is what the students call you now? Are you going to call the elders or am I going to have to start taking out these students one by one?"

Sir K started to analyse the situation around him.

Morfran was currently stood in the centre of the arena with his body facing towards Sir K and all of the second-year students behind him apart from Slyvia. His right hand was pointing out towards all the third-year students. Mathew, Slyvia and Max were currently at the edge of the arena behind him. While Josh and Jake were at the entrance on the floor to the left of Morfran.

This meant they had no chance of escaping as Morfran was able to attack each group without having to move.

Sir K didn't know what to do, he knew that Morfran wouldn't let all the students leave and head back to the academy with him. Morfran was basically suggesting that Sir K went off on his own but Sir K also knew the elders must have decided to abandon the students long ago since no back up had arrived.

"Too slow," Morfran said as he shot another bolt of lightning out towards the third years.

The bolt was going directly for Nay but before the bolt could hit her, Jack had pushed Nay to the side taking the attack head-on. The bolt hit Jack dead on and Jack was flung back into the wall of the arena.

"Dam you!" Cherry said as she shot two arrows out at the same time.

Morfran decided to not move and grabbed each arrow in his hand and burnt the arrows to ashes.

"Everyone attack!" Mathew shouted.

Mathew could see that Morfran wasn't going to let them go and Sir K was struggling to make a decision, right now they needed to all work together if they had any chance of beating him.

Sir K snapped out of it and each group went forward to attack Morfran.

"So, this is your decision." Morfran sighed as each group was coming at him. "Let's deal with the annoying one first."

Morfran body again started to morph into a bright light and the next second he had disappeared.

"Where did he go?" Slyvia said.

"AGHHHHHHHHHHHH!" they heard a scream come from the right of the arena.

Each group had turned to where the sound was heard and they could see Morfran had Cherry held up in the air with one hand. Cherry's entire body was shaking uncontrollably and eventually, Morfran dropped her to the ground.

Cherry's body wouldn't stop twitching while she was on the ground as if mini lightning bolts were constantly shocking inside her body.

"You bastard!" Nay said as she swung her whip out.

Morfran grabbed the whip with one hand.

"Bad idea."

Morfran then sent an electric shock running down the whip which eventually reached Nay causing a shooting pain through her body.

The shock didn't last for long, as the whip was suddenly cut in half by a black blade. Sir K had managed to come over and cut the whip but it was too late, Nay was no longer able to fight.

Two lightning bolts then came out fast heading straight for Sir K. Sir K swung his blade deflecting the Two blots causing them to hit the stands in the arena, rock and rubble exploded into the air.

Sir K then fell down to one knee. His body was still weak from the attack earlier and his Ki was out of control, if he pushed his body any more there was a good chance, he would end up being permanently damaged.

Morfran then lifted his arm aiming for Sir K once more but as he did a heavy chain came out of nowhere wrapping around his body. It was from Kyle.

"Didn't you learn from the last person," Morfran said as he held the chain with both hands.

Kyle then quickly threw the weighted part of his chain into the ground causing it to go a few inches deep into the arena floor.

"Now!" Kyle shouted.

At the same time, Harry and Gary hit the weight further into the ground. Allowing Morfran to be held and tied down by the chain.

This annoyed Morfran greatly as he shot two more lightning bolts in the direction of Harry and Gary, but before they could even hit, Slyvia had pushed the two out of the way and rolled just avoiding the lightning bolt. Slyvia was able to predict Morfran actions which surprised him.

Martha who was standing far away from everything had been charging all her Ki into an arrow this whole time. She had carefully studied Cherry's tornado shot and was doing her best right now to replicate it. She knew she would only have this once chance now that Morfran was unable to move.

Then when the time was right, she let go of her bowstring and the arrow flew out. As it did the arrow started to spin with such a great force a mini-tornado started to form.

Please read this story at its original source to support the author. If you see this anywhere else you are reading it illegally.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123 - Everyone defeated?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The arrow from Martha moved fast and now was only a few inches away from Morfran face but Morfran was unfazed by it all. His body started to morph into a white light again and as he disappeared the arrow went right through him and hit the other side of the arena wall.

"Dam it! He can still do that!?" Kyle shouted.

Slyvia was currently looking all around the arena to see if there was any way of telling where Morfran would appear. Then she spotted something, in the air, she could see little sparks of electricity in a certain area.

"To your leftover there!" She shouted.

Then Morfran appeared exactly where Slyvia had said he would.

"I knew that girl was going to be trouble," Morfran said.

As Morfran appeared a water shot from Mathew was coming right at him. This time Morfran did nothing and simply let the water shot hit him directly. The water splashed on Morfran's armour, like someone had just thrown a bucket of water on him.

"That can't be, just how powerful is this guy!" Mathew shouted.

Although Mathew still hadn't regained his full strength and his attack just now was only half. That attack would cause most people to be split in half but Morfran didn't even have a white mark on him.

Dan also decided to throw his spear at the spot where Morfran was standing and a similar thing happened. The spear simply bounced off Morfran's armour.

"But I used all my Ki in that attack, how?" Dan said as he stood there in disbelief.

Morfran started to stand there laughing.

"Is this the best of Avrion academy, oh how low you have all fallen."

Without Morfran noticing, behind him, two figures appeared out of the shadows. It was Monk and Jasmine. At the same time, both of them went in for an attack at his neck, where there was a gap in his armour but as soon as the two of them got in striking distance, without Morfran reacting, lightning started to shoot off his body and hit both Monk and Jasmine away.

"Huh, when did them two get there, have they been hiding this whole time?" Morfran then lifted both his hands in the air. "I'm getting bored of this now."

A dark cloud started to form in Morfran's hands. The cloud was constantly shooting off small bolts of electric. The cloud was slowly starting to get bigger and bigger.

"We have to stop him!" Mathew shouted.

Harry and Gary went in and did their best to attack him with their duel blades but every attack would just bounce off his armour. The two of them continued, hoping they would be able to stop him in some way.

Gary then put all his power into one strike and finally, Gary was able to leave a white mark across his chest.

Morfran looked down at the white mark that Gary had just caused.

"Looks like there are some special ones here after all, too bad you're all going to die."

Morfran then threw the small cloud into the sky and when it finally reached about ten meters in the air, the cloud burst. With the burst of the cloud, lightning bolts came raining down from the sky.

Bolt after bolt hit every space of the arena managing to hit each and every one of the students there. Causing them to all fall to the ground.

Then, the lightning finally stopped. Morfran looked around the arena that was now full of craters and black marks caused by the lightning strikes.

"Not a single one of you is left standing, as I thought, weak."

Although they weren't able to stand most of the students were still conscious. Jasmine, Cherry and Nay were affected the most as they were previously injured and were completely knocked out now. The attack had a wide range causing each thunderbolt to be considerably weaker than a normal attack.

Mathew had jumped on top of Max and Slyvia and took most of the lightning strikes but the lightning was still able to pass through and reach the two of them. The three of them weren't able to move but could still see Morfran standing there.

Everyone was staring at Morfran in the centre of the ring cursing at him and cursing at themselves for how weak they were, that they weren't able to cause even a little bit of damage.

Morfran then started to walk towards Sir K who was on the ground groaning crawling towards him.

"Oh Sir K, it appears that the academy has abandoned you all. Just to keep their little friend deep underground. It seems my plan has failed but I can't return empty-handed, can I?" Morfran said as he pointed his hand directly above Sir K's head.

"Bye, bye."

The lightning was slowly charging up in Morfran's hand, he wanted to make sure that Sir K would be finished with this strike but just before he could cast the spell...

*Wack

Morfran felt a heavy object hit him from the side, the attack was so powerful it caused him to go tumbling across the arena floor. Morfran quickly stood up to look at who it was.

"Arent you already dead?"

Morfran was surprised to see Jack, one of the first person he hit with a lightning bolt standing there. Jack currently had a black mark on his shoulder where the attack hit but there was no sign of blood. when the first lightning bolt hit Jack, he had been flung into the arena wall a few inches in. This meant when the lightning bolts rained from the sky, Jack managed to avoid most of them.

The initial attack on Jack was so powerful that it had knocked him out but Jack's body was strong, it had healed and was hardly damaged by the attack.

"It looks like there at least one person here who's worth fighting, to bad you went up against me." Morfran then went to pick up the spear that Dan had thrown at him earlier.

As he was holding the spear, he started to charge his electrical powers into the spear. It was now shining a bright blue colour but Jack was fearless and continued to walk up to Morfran.

Jack then swung his blade as hard as he could at Morfrans body but this time Morfran was prepared. With one hand Morfran held and stopped the giant great sword. Morfran didn't even move an inch, then Morfran stabbed the spear directly into Jack's stomach.

It was a struggle at first but eventually, the spear managed to go through Jack's body to the other side.

"Now that I've defeated the last of you, it's time for you all to die."

Jack was struggling as blood had started to form in his mouth. Jack did his best and spat the blood out onto the ground and started to laugh.

"You think, you've beaten us all." Jack said, "Let…me..tell…you..something,..my..boss..will..kick..your ass!"

"Oh, really and where is he?"

Suddenly, right by Morfran and Jacks side, a figure started to appear from the shadows.

"I'm right here!"

The next second Morfran was flying in the air and slammed into the arena wall. Everyone couldn't believe their eyes at what had just happened. They all looked up to see a single man standing there.

"Nes!" Slyvia shouted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124 - S class
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few meters just outside the arena, Ray was currently riding on Noir's back. He was using his dragon eyes skill to see what was happening in the arena. When he did it was worse then he thought. There was a single strong presence standing in the arena.

His aura was nearly five times the size of everyone else in there. While everyone else's aura was dimly lit, as if it was a small flame that could go out at any second. What was strange about the strong aura in the centre though, was it was a normal yellow colour.

Ray had expected the Aura to have a tint of purple just like the other members of the Dark Guild but this person didn't. While Ray was moving closer to the arena he de summoned Noir and decide to sneak in using his shadow skill.

He went through the reception area and could see the chaos everywhere.

"How could people kill their own kind like this so easily." Ray thought as he looked at a civilian on the ground that didn't even have a weapon or any armour on. "She wasn't even a fighter."

Then Ray's eyes seemed to trigger something happening in the arena, one of the smaller auras was still burning brightly. Now that Ray was a lot closer he could get a better look at the aura and recognised it well.

It was from Jack. Jack's aura was slightly different from everyone else's as his Ki seemed to be always active and spread throughout his body. While a normal person's aura would appear more flame-like in the centre of the stomach.

From far away Ray could only see the different colours and not see so clearly but looking at the situation now it was clear to Ray that Jack it was Jack.

Ray had entered the arena just as Jack was being stabbed through the stomach. Ray didn't have any sentimental feelings for Jack but seeing the image of one of his followers getting stabbed reminded Ray of the past.

Ray moved over to where Jack was as quick as possible trying his best to be unnoticed, then when it was the right time, he gathered all of his Ki into his gauntlet and slammed it into Morfran's chest.

Sending him flying across the arena and into the wall.

"Who is that guy?" Mathew asked as he heard Slyvia call his name.

"I don't really know him, I met him once outside, he's just an adventurer."

Mathew could only assume that Nes was an S class adventurer. While the others struggled to even put a scratch on Morfran's chest piece, he had Just witnessed this Nes person punch Morfran across the arena but that was strange. surely someone as powerful as this in the Allure kingdom would have their name spread throughout the land.

Ray then walked up to Jack who was on the ground and still had the spear stuck in his stomach, although the injury looked bad Ray could see that Jack's aura was still burning strong. Ray grabbed the end of the spear with his two hands.

"This is going to hurt."

Jack smiled and replied.

"I had it shoved through my body once already, surely it couldn't be more painful."

Ray then lifted Jack up on his feet he pushed the spear further into his body and as he did Jack's face twitched a little but no sound was heard. Something like this would usually make a man scream in pain but Jack hated showing weakness.

Ray then broke off one end of the spear where the head was and pulled out the rest of it in one motion, there was now a small hole that could be seen through Jack's body.

What happened next though amazed Ray even more. The aura around Jack's body started to appear more concentrated around the wound and as Ray was looking at the small whole, it seemed to be already healing.

Jack clearly didn't have a normal body Ray thought.

"Thank you but who are you?"

"You owe me your life remember? well, guess now you owe me two lives."

Jack's face was slightly confused but then it hit him. Jack took a closer look at Nes, the man didn't look the same but without a doubt, there had only been one person who had saved his life.

"You mean your R…"

Before Jack could finish his sentence, Ray placed his hand over Jack's mouth."

"Shhh, you must keep this a secret."

Jack nodded his head and understood.

Just then a large human-sized rock came launching at the two them. Ray reacted instantly punching the rock and causing it to break down into a hundred little pieces.

****

When Morfran was hit by Ray he had been knocked back so far he had hit the arena wall but not only that, the strike was so powerful that Morfran had been completely pushed through the wall to the outside of the arena.

Morfran was currently lying down on the floor wondering what on earth had happened.

"Dam these people keep coming one after another!"

Morfran then got up and walked over to the arena wall where there was a human-shaped hole. In anger, Morfran punched the wall as hard as he could causing a large piece of the arena to come off and go off in the direction of Ray.

"Now who on earth has decided to ruin my fun," Morfran said as he walked into the arena.

Morfran then lifted both of his hands and shot out two lightning bolts at Ray. As the lightning bolts came towards Ray he was ready to retaliate back by punching them.

Everyone in the arena could see what Ray was planning to do.

"Don't Ness!" Slyvia shouted. "His attacks are too powerful."

Although everyone had seen Nes's strength they still knew the true strength of Morfrans lightning strike. A magic attack was completely different compared to a normal attack. To be able to take on the attack like that head-on, you would need a crazy amount of Ki. Even Jack who had the most Ki out of all of them was shot back into the wall.

The two thunderbolts came at him and Ray punched them in return. As soon as the thunderbolts made contact with Ray's fist they burst into sparks of electric, like a mini firework.

"How is that possible?" Mathew said.

Jack knew Ray was strong but not this strong. Jack had only seen Ray fight a day ago so how did he get strong so quick?

"So this is the power of a 120 Mana points?"

****

Please make sure you are reading this on the official source. If you are reading this anywhere else it is illegal.

Special thanks to Jisoo Hae and Genevieve_DS for the gifts. It really helps.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125 - Mage or Knight?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wilfred and the other master Knights, along with elders had finally finished their meeting. They had decided in the end that it was too risky to send any reinforcements to the arena. Despite the amount of protest Wilfred had made.

All the citizens were currently taking shelter at the academy while most of the knights had also made it back.

The people had been told to gather up in the dining hall where they would be provided food while most of the knights stood on guard outside or on rooftops to see if any Dark Guild members were heading their way.

While Wilfred was making his way to the dining hall to check up on the citizens, a squad leader had come running up towards him.

"Sir we have a problem!" The man said with a horrified look on his face.

"What's wrong?"

"It's our knights…there have been reports that several knights in the academy have been knocked out."

Wilfred thought that a member of the Dark Guild had managed to sneak in or there was a traitor among them. It was a serious problem if that was the case.

"What's the damage?"

"There have been around 50 knights that have been reported but that's not all sir. A few of them are starting to wake up but there not able to use any of their Ki."

Wilfred felt a shiver down his spine. The incident reminded him of what Ray had done in the arena but surely there was a limit to his ability. Did he really absorb the Ki from 50 different knights?

"Did any of them receive any damage."

"No sir, they were knocked out clean but there were no visible wounds."

This had only confirmed Wilfred thoughts, it had to be Ray. Wilfred didn't know how to feel about Ray's actions. Then Wilfred thought back to the prophecy and the elder meeting he had just had. It was too late to stop Ray now; he had grown too powerful. It was now up to Ray whether he would destroy the humans or save them.

****

Ray currently had 120 points in total in his mana pool. He was using around 100 of it to supplement his Ki to make it stronger, while leaving the remaining twenty for the transformation. Currently, Ray was the strongest he had ever been.

Even Ray was surprised by how powerful his attacks had just been.

Morfran was furious. This was the first time in his life that someone had just punched away his thunderbolt skill like that. Morfran then proceeded to put both of his hands together. He cast another thunderbolt attack at Ray, only this one was twice as strong and twice as fast.

Ray could tell this attack was too powerful for him to hit back like last time. Instead, he used his shadow skills to avoid the thunder strike. With Ray's dragon eyes skill, he could see when Morfran was going to attack.

The direction of mana was easier to see then Ki, so Ray was able to move and predict where his attack was going to be before Morfran was able to cast his spell. Although the spell when cast was almost instantaneous, the use of mana wasn't.

Morfran relentlessly unleashed thunderbolt after thunderbolt while Ray continued to dodge them all.

"How does he know the black sash footwork?" Sir K said.

The footwork that Ray was currently displaying was almost identical to the same footwork that Sir K used in his battles. It was something that Sir K had learnt himself after years and years of dedicated training.

Sir K had never seen this man before today, yet without a doubt, he was using the same footwork.

Kyle too had noticed the same thing.

"Is he a student of yours Sir?"

"I'm not sure."

Sir K had taught many students over the years so this person could have been one of his students from a long time ago but Sir K was sure he would never have forgotten the face of someone as skilful as this.

Morfran could see that Ray was getting closer and closer to him with each strike. Although the Dual Handed Thunderbolt was stronger, it took a little longer to cast compared to the single-handed thunderbolt.

Morfran then changed tactics and decided to continually fire thunderbolts with each hand at Ray.

Ray was able to punch and knock some away like the first time, but there was far too many and Ray ended up getting hit a few times. Each time a thunder strike would hit him, Ray would get knocked back a few feet.

The attacks weren't fatal to Ray but they caused a fair amount of damage. If Ray didn't do something, he would be slowly worn down.

Ray then punched the arena floor to get a big chunk of the ground to raise up. Ray's plan was to use it as a shield.

"Do you really think a bit of rock can stop my attacks?"

Ray then grabbed the large rock with one of his gauntlets.

"Ice attribute."

Ray had not only stolen the mana from the knights at the academy, but also any elemental equipment they had was also taken. If the knights weren't going to use it to fight, then he would.

The solid rock in front of him started to freeze over and now in front of Ray was a solid wall of ice.

"He's a mage!" Mathew shouted.

Mathew couldn't believe it. Learning to master mana alone took years and clearly this man also had the skills to fight like a knight. The man in front of him looked young. It was impossible for someone his age to be able to master both Mathew thought.

"Endless Void," Ray said.

Ray then pulled out the spear he had obtained from Killer. He knew the shield wouldn't be strong enough to hold Morfran back but all he needed was a few seconds to get his weapon.

Morfran cast his dual thunderbolt skill which broke the ice rock in one hit. As soon as he saw Ray on the other side, he switched back to his single-handed thunderbolts.

This time instead of hitting the attacks with his bare hand, Ray knocked them back with his spear. The thunderbolt strikes that were all aimed at Ray, were suddenly heading back for Morfran.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126 - Mage with no spells
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Unlike the two-handed thunderbolt strike, the one-handed thunderbolt was a lot weaker in comparison. Ray decided to use the spear that he had obtained from Killer which had the unique ability to reflect anything weaker than itself.

With the power of Ray's Ki infused into the spear he was able to reflect back the lightning shots at Morfran. As the lightning shots came rushing forward, Morfran started to morph into a form of white light.

Disappearing and allowing the lightning shots to pass through him, then returning to the same spot again.

"That spear is useful, and I'll take it from you and add it to my collection," Morfran said as he once again started to morph into white light.

Morfran had the ability to not only cast lightning attacks but to even turn his body itself into lightning. Morfran would use this to avoid attacks and teleport around the arena. Once Morfran had turned into lightning, it was almost impossible to predict where he would appear.

Slyvia was able to notice where the mana was gathering in the arena, by using her Ki in her eyes she could see what looked like little ripples or tears in space. She wanted to relay this information to Nes but knew that by the time she had told him, it would be too late.

Morfran then suddenly appeared right behind Ray but as soon as he did, Ray spun around and hit Morfran in the head with the back of his fist. Sending Morfran once again tumbling across the arena floor.

"But how?" Slyvia thought.

What Slyvia didn't know was that Ray had the ability of the Dragon eyes which was a far superior version of the skill that Slyvia used. Ray could instantly tell where the mana was gathering in the arena, allowing him to predict where Morfran would reappear.

Morfran wouldn't make the same mistake twice.

"It seems like he can see me, just who is this person?"

Morfran then noticed something. The man in front of him had displayed abilities of magic, yet hadn't used any throughout the fight apart from the one time when creating the ice wall. If the man was truly a mage, then why didn't he cast any ice spells at him?

It would allow him to not only attack from close range but from far range as well.

Morfran then started to gather lightning in his right hand. Ray continued to chase Morfran down but Morfran would teleport around the arena. Although Ray knew were Morfran would appear it was useless. Ray was unable to catch up with Morfran's speed.

The only reason why Ray was able to hit Morfran those two times was because the first one was unexpected, while the second time Morfran had come towards him.

Morfran realised that his theory must have been correct. For some reason, the man couldn't cast spells.

"What is he doing?" Mathew said.

Mathew to was wondering that if the man was a hybrid Mage/Knight then why wasn't he casting any spells. Instead, he just saw the man chasing after Morfran.

What the others didn't know was Ray currently had no spells. Ray's body was strange. One time when going to the Avrion library, Ray had come across a magic book. He knew the system had stated he now had mana points yet when he tried casting the simplest of spells nothing would happen.

Ray came to the conclusion that the only way he could use magic spells was to unlock it from the system first.

While Morfran was busy running away, this whole time he had been gathering up mana in his right hand and finally whatever he was gathering was ready.

Morfran then lifted his hand into the sky and a little black cloud appeared similar to the one before only on a smaller scale.

"Nes, get out of there!" Slyvia shouted

Slyvia knew Morfran was planning to do the same thing he had done to them, to Nes. Morfran then chucked the small cloud into the air and burst into a rain of thunder, only this time on a smaller scale and more concentrated around Ray.

Ray tried his best to move but as he did a strike of lightning would hit him, causing him to be paralyzed for a few seconds. Shortly after, Ray received shock after shock from the lightning bolts. He was unable to move due to the temporary paralysis effect each shock had.

While Ray was stuck in the middle being hit by lightning continuously, Morfran started to gather a duel handed thunderbolt aiming right at Ray.

Finally, *BANG, the lightning left Morfran's hand and hit Ray dead on in the chest causing him to get knocked back into the arena wall.

Ray coughed out blood as he stood up from the ground.

"Dammit, 100 points still isn't enough, who is this guy?" Ray thought

At the same time

"Dam, he's still alive and moving, who is the guy?" Morfran thought.

"Do you think he can win?" Kyle asked looking at Sir K.

"Look at Morfran's body, his armour hasn't even been damaged, although the attacks on him looked strong, Morfran hardly took damage while this Nes person is slowly starting to be worn down."

Sir K then looked at Gary, Kyle, Martha, Monk and Dan who were all badly damaged and unable to move. Sir K looked at himself and he was in the best condition out of all of them.

"I have to help, I can't let you all die."

Sir K had been busy gathering His Ki back this whole time waiting for the right chance to strike but it looked like that time would never come. His only choice now was to fight with this mysterious man who had appeared.

But Sir K's gathering of Ki didn't go unnoticed. Ray could also see that Sir K had slowly been recovering. Ray decided to make his way over to Sir K while avoiding Morfran's lightning strikes. When he finally arrived, Ray picked up Sir K off the ground and moved him to the centre of the arena away from the other students.

"Can you fight?" Ray asked.

"Sir K nodded." He was ready to fight with the man, although their chances were slim, Sir K believed they had a small chance if the two of them fought together.

"Good, because I'm going to need you to fight him on your own for a little bit."

*****

If you are reading this story on any other website apart from then it is illegal, please support the author by reading the story at its original source.

Thank you to Cpen88 and PhantomNite629 for the gifts!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127 - What are you?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing the words come out of Nes's mouth. Sir K wanted to protest, suggesting that the best chance they would have was to fight together but as soon as Sir K turned his head. Nes was no longer there.

Ray had used the shadow skill to once again disguise himself and move around the arena. Ray had a particular place and person in mind who he wanted to see.

This left Sir K on his own to go against Morfran.

"You really think you can go against me on your own, bring back the other guy!" Morfran shouted as he shot sparks of lightning out from his hands.

Sir K had healed but he still wasn't at 100 percent but he didn't need to be. Sir K had decided after watching the stranger fight to put his trust in the man, after all, that was all he could do. So all Sir K needed to do was district Morfran and survive.

Unlike the first time when they were fighting, Sir K had the goal of defeating Morfran. Sir K's footwork was just as good as Nes, if not even better. He was easily able to avoid the lightning strikes coming from Morfran. The problem was Sir K didn't have the dragon eyes like Ray.

Morfran was now freely able to move around the arena and strike at Sir K unexpectedly. In response whenever Morfran would morph into lightning, Sir K would use his shadow skill to hide himself. The problem was Sir K didn't have a monstrous amount of Ki like Ray. Very soon Sir K would no longer be able to fight back.

Meanwhile, Ray had not only hidden himself but managed to make his way over to the group of third-year students. With his dragon eyes skill, Ray could see that most of their auras were weak apart form one. Jack.

Jack's body still flowed powerfully with aura and it had finished healing the wound on his body. Jack's healing abilities were even more powerful then Ray's and Ray wasn't even fully human according to the system.

If Ray knew any better he would have thought Jack was a magical beast rather than a human but his aura shined a single yellow colour indicating he was human, unlike Ray himself who had a mixture of yellow and red flames.

Ray then went up to Jack and whispered in his ear.

"I need to borrow some of your strength."

Jack didn't know what Ray wanted to do but without any hesitation, he nodded. After all, Ray had saved his life twice now and knew if they wanted to get out of here alive, they needed all his strength. Although Jack thought Ray meant he wanted Jack to fight with him.

Ray then placed his hand on Jack's back.

"Mana steal."

Suddenly Jack could feel the energy of his body slowly start to leave him and enter Ray's. It was actually the first time Jack had experienced anything like this. Jack had never been able to control his Ki it had always surrounded his body so it was a very strange feeling to him.

Ray carried on as he saw the numbers slowly go up.

An average knight had around 2 points of Ki, a talented person like Gary would most likely have their numbers around the 20s. A master night maybe around 40 or so. Of course, this amount didn't mean how strong you were but more about the potential of your strength currently.

It also seemed that this number could increase through training, like when Ray practised with the old man, people could increase their Ki naturally.

Ray knew Jack had a large amount of Ki due to the fact that no weapons were able to pierce him but he wasn't expecting this.

So far Ray had absorbed over 50 points of mana and it was still rising. As the mana slowly started to seep away from Jack's body the yellow aura surrounding Jack's body also started to thin. That's when Ray spotted something else that interested him.

Jack had two different auras. He had a strong powerful yellow aura that surrounded his body at all times but underneath that, Jack had a bright red flame in his stomach.

"What are you Jack?" Ray said

"I'm your follower," Jack replied with a smile.

Finally, Ray decided to stop the mana steal once he had absorbed all of the yellow aura away. What he obtained from this alone was plenty, for now, Ray had a total of 220 points of mana.

The problem was Ray's body was shaking, his muscles were twitching, he knew straight away what the problem was. It was the same thing that had happened to Slyvia. Ray's body was stronger than others after his evolution but he was still part human. His body had a limit and he had reached that limit.

Ray at most would be able to use the Mana and Ki for five minutes.

Sir K had just run out of Ki himself. Ray could see that Morfran was planning to teleport directly behind Sir K and finish him. At the same time, Ray activated as many of his cells in his legs as possible and pushed off them blasting off like a rocket.

The speed was similar to someone teleporting, the next second Ray too was directly behind Sir K. As soon as Morfran's body had appeared it was met with a huge fist to the stomach. The speed, the power, everything, managed to send Morfran flying through the Sky.

But Morfran had half expected this, he knew that the man wouldn't have run away. As Morfran was flying through the air he had changed the lightning he had gathered in his hand into a solid lightning bolt. It was purple in colour and almost resembled a sword.

Morfran then stabbed the lightning bolt hard into the ground. The strike was powerful though and Morfran continued to be dragged back eventually stopping just before hitting the arena wall.

Ray wanted to move in again to get another strike before Morfran could recover but when he tried, something was wrong. His legs wouldn't move.

*****

Please read the story at its original source to support the author. If you are reading this anywhere else it is illegal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128 - The fight is over
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Avrion Academy arena, Ray currently stood in the middle motionless. Sir K was standing by his side while Morfran was at the edge of the arena. Ray was trying his best to move his legs but for some reason, his legs just wouldn't budge.

It was as if they wouldn't listen to the command he had given to them. Ray originally predicted that he would be able to withstand using this amount of Ki with mana his body for a total of five minutes.

But now he quickly realised he had miscalculated. This might have been the case if his Ki was evenly spread out through his body like Jack.

But Ray had just supplemented the muscles in his legs with an inhuman amount of Ki. His muscles were simply overloaded and he could no longer move.

At the same time, Morfran was just regaining his balance and sense of direction. His armour still didn't have a scratch on it. This suggested that it was at a very high tier level, but this didn't stop him from receiving damage completely. For the first time, the hit from Ray had managed to startle him.

Morfran looked at his chest piece where an eye-like shape stuck out in the middle.

"That blow was strong. Should I activate it?" Morfran thought to himself as he touched the round eye.

Morfran wasn't sure with his current strength whether he would be able to beat Ray or not. Clearly, the power he displayed was that of an S class adventurer. Morfran then looked above him where a large purple cloud stayed hovering above the arena.

The cloud had reduced in size compared to previously. Before it had covered the entire arena and now the cloud was only one-fifth of its original size.

Morfran then lifted his hand and pointed his finger out at Ray.

"You have just been added on to the Dark Guilds list."

As soon as Morfran spoke these words he started to morph into a bright white light and the next second he was gone. The purple cloud above the arena started to slowly move away.

With the use of Ray's dragon eyes, he could see that Morfran had entered the cloud and was currently moving with it, but Ray was in no shape to chase him down.

"Is it over?" Martha asked with a smile on her face.

"I think so," Monk replied

Slyvia could barely stand up and most of the students still couldn't move. The lightning strikes had passed through their whole body causing a paralysis effect on their muscles. Thanks to her brother Mathew taking most of the lightning strikes, she was able to still slightly move.

She slowly lifted herself up and started to walk towards Nes. She wanted to thank their saviour with all her heart.

Ray could see Slyvia walking towards him…this was bad. At the moment, Ray was unable to move. There was only one thing that Ray could do. Ray then gathered the remaining Ki into his fist and slammed it into the ground as hard as he could. Sir K was able to see Nes's intention and moved away.

Debris, dust and rocks flew up everywhere in the sky, at the same time Ray had summoned Noir. Noir quickly carried out Ray onto her back.

"Get him too," Ray said as he pointed at Jack.

Like a flash, Noir ran over and carried Jack and Ray away. The debris and dust had worked, managing to obscure the students' and the others' vision.

Once the dust settled, the hero known as Nes could no longer be seen.

"Why did he run away?" Slyvia thought as she went to lie on the ground.

Sir K looked around the arena and noticed that Jack had gone missing. Sir K wasn't too worried though. Based on the interaction earlier, it seemed like the two of them knew each other. What Sir K was more concerned about was the students.

Many of the students had passed out or needed medical attention. The worst of all of them was Ian, who had been injured from the beginning of this whole mess.

Students were piled up all over the arena. Some were in the stands and some had died. There was also the death of many citizens and Dark Guild members. It looked like a great war had taken place and it sure felt like it too.

Sir K asked the students to remain where they were for the moment while he headed back carrying Ian over to the academy. He intended to inform them of what happened and how the Dark Guild was no longer in Avrion. Then later on, the knights would come to collect all the students.

Meanwhile, Ray had asked Noir to take him and Jack to the martial arts hall. The whole city was practically empty apart from Avrion Academy. Noir finally arrived and the two of them entered the dojo looking hall.

Ray's legs were still badly damaged and now even his right arm was unable to move. Noir gently rolled Ray off her back and onto the ground where Ray laid flat on his back.

"Jack can you sit over here?" Ray asked.

Jack did as he was told and sat next to Ray.

"Turn around."

Ray then proceeded to put his hand on Jack once more, this time activating the mana share skill. Ray had returned all 100 points that he had received from Jack. Ray realised that the skill was more dangerous then he thought. It was quite clear that his body was unable to handle that amount of mana.

And yet the system still allowed him to take in as much as he wanted. If he hadn't unlocked the mana share skill, it was a scary thought to think what state Ray would be in. Perhaps he wouldn't be able to fight properly ever again.

Ray was also still wondering what on earth Jack was. Jack had a huge amount of Ki like himself. Yet his body seemed to be able to control it better. Not only that, but Jack also had two forms of aura, similar yet different to Ray's at the same time.

Ray wanted to ask Jack, but he had too many things on his mind at the moment. Especially because of what the system had just revealed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129 - A New Plan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A month had passed since the battle between the Dark Guild and Avrion academy and the atmosphere was still grim. Only now were things starting to feel a little normal in the city.

Sir K managed to inform the elders of what happened, and they sent a medical team as well as knights over to the arena as soon as possible.

They tried their best to save as many lives that day but even with all the medical equipment in the world, there was nothing that could bring back the dead.

Around 30 Students had died that day and one of them included Ian. Martha and Slyvia cried their eyes out that day and the rest of the group cursed at themselves for being so weak.

Ray, on the other hand, didn't blame himself but the academy for acting so slow in the first place. Ray's anger only grew as he would think about it more. If only they had sent people sooner. If only Sir K and Wilfried hadn't stopped him from intervening.

Ian had lived a life similar to Ray's growing up, as they were both red-haired children but unlike Ray, Ian always saw the positive in people. Ray decided he needed to do something about the academy, no, about the whole human race if he wanted to stop things like this from happening.

Not only were there students that had died but also those that were told they could no longer fight. Cherry and Nay were two of these students. They had been hurt so badly from Morfran that they were unable to control their bodies properly.

For the past month, the students were exempt from training while the academy and city got its act together. The second-year students that used to number around 200, now were halved and this was similar for the third-year students.

Ray had originally wanted to use this month to gather more crystals but after the attack, there was always a master knight that was put on guard duty. They were stricter than ever with security.

During this time, Ray decided it would be best if he planned what he wanted to do. After thinking for a while, he came to a conclusion.

Ray was currently up on the roof of the dorm. It was his favourite spot in the academy as it gave him a full view of the city. He observed with amazement how quickly they rebuilt everything that was destroyed. It was hard to imagine only a month ago there was a major attack on the city.

"Status screen open."

The first page displayed Ray's basic information. After giving Jack back his 100 points of mana, Ray had 120 remaining. Just from containing the 120 points in Ray's body, he would feel uncomfortable as if his body was constantly full of slight pain. Ray found that after using 20 points of mana this feeling would go away.

Ray decided that it was best if he got rid of the extra 20 points.

Ray tried using the skill mana share on his pet Noir but for some reason, the system wouldn't allow it. In the end, Ray decided to spread the points between his teammates. Although Ray wasn't sure whether they would agree with his goals, he knew that they meant no harm to him and thought it was best if they had extra power to protect themselves.

Ray did this in secret of course, either when they were sleeping or during a handshake. Ray knew that if he wanted to store more mana, he would need to get more crystals to make his body stronger. The only thing he wasn't sure about was if the next evolution would change his appearance.

"Skill page."

These were the skills that Ray had before the battle between the Dark Guild. After facing Morfran and chasing him off, Ray had gained an additional 7 skills. Ray was slightly confused by the number as there were more people than 7 people there that day but now without a doubt, Ray knew the system had something to do with saving people.

Out of the seven skills that Ray had obtained, four of them were attack based skills that all required mana.

Just like the name stated, it allowed Ray to shoot a ball of fire from his hand. This was the most basic of basic spells and the power of the ball would depend on Ray's fire attribute. Each attack consumed 5 mana which surprised Ray. When using Mana as Ki, the rate it went down was considerably slow and after watching Morfran shoot thunderbolt after thunderbolt, Ray couldn't imagine how much mana Morfran had.

Similar to fireball, but instead it shot out a ball of ice.

Ice bind was a skill that only worked within a range of 10 meters. Ray had to place both hands on the ground for this to work. It would then shoot a trail of ice out which once it reached its target, would freeze the bottom of it. This skill used up 20 mana and Ray wasn't sure how effective it would be considering his ice attribute points were low.

This was a skill that allowed Ray to create a clone of himself. The clone would only have a quarter of the strength of the original and wasn't able to cast any skills. The clone felt more like an empty shell…it didn't have a mind of its own but would listen to Ray's commands.

The main problem with this skill is it took up half of Ray's mana points just to use it. At most Ray was able to create two clones of himself before he had completely run out of mana.

What interested Ray the most though wasn't the offensive skills but the next four skills that he obtained, especially one of these skills which was named "Contract."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130 - Red Wings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next three skills that Ray had unlocked didn't require any mana to use but each one was interesting. The first skill was called.

This skill only worked on people who were far weaker than the user. It was a type of hypnosis spell that allowed the user to ask one question. Whoever it was used against was forced to answer the question truthfully and after they would have no memory of the question being asked.

Ray had a lot of questions about the academy. Especially about whatever they were hiding and what the Dark Guild was after. Ray thought of many ways he could use this skill but it was a shame you could only ask one question on a person and there was no way to tell whether it would work or not beforehand.

The next skill was what interested Ray the most called Contract.

Contract was a skill that could be used only on people who were willing to accept the "Contract". If the person it was used on refused, then nothing would happen. For those that would accept, a marking of the user's choice would be branded onto the person.

This branding showed that your life now belonged to the user. If any commands where disobeyed, the user was able to end the contract, also ending the person's life.

The people who were contracted were linked to the user. What this meant was Ray was now able to use skills with contracted people. This required him to touch them beforehand. For every person Ray was contracted with, he would be able to either use the skill Mana Steal or Mana Share no matter where they were in the world.

The last skill was called.

Dragon Roar would only work on those that were contracted. Each person that was contracted would get a 5 percent boost in all their stats. This skill could only be used once per day.

Ray was quite pleased with all the skills he had obtained. For the last month, he was thinking over what do to with them and how he would be able to find out the academy's secrets.

Ray had planned to create an army for himself this whole time. One that could not only rival the human race but also the thing called the Shadow Plague. Ray had also now made a new enemy out of the Dark Guild. It looked like he would have to make this army sooner than he thought.

The problem was he couldn't trust humans. He had learnt that many times in the past, especially after the incident at the academy. That's where the Contract skill came in at the perfect time. It was a sure way to get someone to prove their loyalty to him.

Ray had invited three people up to the roof with him and he was currently waiting patiently for them to arrive.

Finally, after waiting for a while, the first person had arrived. It was a bulky muscular man who carried a giant great sword on his back. It was Jack.

Ray was interested in Jack for more than one reason. Jack himself seemed to not know of his origins. When Ray asked Jack what he was in more ways than one, Jack had no clue what Ray was talking about. Jack was either the best liar in the world or truly didn't know anything.

Ray tried using the Dragon's truth skill on him but it seemed to have no effect. Most likely because Jack was considered too powerful.

But Ray knew one thing and it was the fact that Jack had tried helping him at the arena, even when he was told to go against the academy. He had fought against Wilfred, one of the master knights without even asking any questions.

"It's been a while," Jack said. "Again, I'm sorry about what happened to your friend."

Ray had currently decided to socially distance himself from the others as much as possible. Attachment seemed unnecessary but the words Jack used stung a little.

Not because Ray thought of Ian as a friend but as someone who was the same as him. To Ray, it felt the same as when someone had killed a dragon. He felt sad because they were the same kind even if he didn't know them that well.

"I want you to listen to me. There are two others I have invited that should be here soon."

Jack said nothing more and joined Ray in watching the view as they waited for the next two. Finally, the roof door opened once more and two boys walked through. More precisely, they were both twins known as Badger and Sloth.

After the death of Ian, the students and other knights took their bullying to the extreme. A lot of the knights felt like it was the red-haired student's fault. Rumour spread of the prophecy and many people thought it was the reason for the attack from the Dark Guild. They wished that the red-haired children never attended at the academy in the first place.

Not only was Ian a close friend to the two twins but Ray could see the hatred growing in the two twins and thought it was the perfect moment to reveal his plans.

"I brought you three here today to tell you what I plan to do. I won't sugar coat it, but I don't like the way things are now and I want to change it. I'm trying to form a group who will work together to change this world. I've asked you guys today to join this group and in return, I shall grant you power."

Jack didn't even need to be asked and had already made up his mind. On the other hand, the twins were unsure. They didn't have any family left to go back to and Ian had always been like a big brother to them. They liked the sound of what Ray was proposing but didn't know how Ray could do such a thing.

They had seen Ray perform crazy things but not on a level where he could change the world.

Ray could see the twins were hesitant.

"Do you remember the man Nes that you saw chase of the Dark Guild leader? He will be the leader of this new group."

After hearing what Ray had just told them, they suddenly had a change of heart. With a man as powerful as that backing the group, they were sure they could do something.

Once Ray had activated the Contract skill, two big pieces of paper started to magically appear in front of the three people. Then slowly words also started to appear stating the conditions of the contract. There was nothing to hide as everything was written out for them to see.

The twins and Jack had already made up their mind and decided to join. Suddenly a computer-like transparent screen appeared in front of them stating whether they would like to accept or decline the contract.

Once the three of them pressed on accept, suddenly the piece of paper disappeared, at the same time, they could feel a burning sensation on their shoulder. When Badger lifted up his shirt to see what was hurting so bad, he could now see the mark of a dragon's head in a blood-red colour.

"This new group shall be called, the Red Wings."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131 - Another Path
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the three of them finished signing the contract, Ray tested a few things. Like the Contract skill stated, Ray was able to give mana as well as take mana from others. The problem was every person was different. Even if he was to take mana from Jack and give it to the twins, he didn't know how much the twins could take.

Ray also thought that it would best if the others grew stronger on their own and not to rely on him. Only in an emergency situation would they ask for Ray's help. There were a few other interesting things as well. The others were able to open up a status screen of their own.

It didn't say much for them other than who was a part of the Red Wings but it did allow them to message each other through the system no matter how far they were. Before the three of them left, Sloth turned around and asked Ray a question.

"I understand you not wanting to invite some of the others but what about Gary? I thought the two of you were close?"

Of course, Ray had thought long and hard whether he should invite Gary or not. It wasn't the fact that Ray didn't trust Gary, but in some instances, Ray had seen that Gary was power-hungry. If Gary was to learn of all the unique powers that Ray had, Gary would surely ask Ray for help against his sister.

Ray was fine with that but there was a plan and order to things. Gary, to put it into simpler terms was uncontrollable, a variable that was unpredictable for Ray and he couldn't have that in his team.

Ray smiled

"Gary has his own problems to deal with. It's best for now if we don't involve him in our matters."

What Ray said was true. Perhaps once Gary became more stable, Ray would invite him at a later time.

The start of the week had arrived and the knights were outside training. Things weren't back to normal yet as currently all sash training sessions were cancelled and only basic training was required for now.

It felt weird to a lot of the students as half of them were no longer there. Even the teachers could feel a strange energy. Once training was over, students were able to do whatever they wished.

Ray was getting ready to walk up to the city wall to plan his escape from the city. He needed to get stronger and needed as many beast crystals as he could as fast as he could get them. But just as he was about to leave the training field, Gary came up to him.

"Hey, do you mind coming with me to the library?"

Ray thought it was a strange request, especially coming from Gary. He wasn't the type to read books, so this definitely felt more like it was code for something else.

"Sure."

The two of them headed off into the library and chose to sit on a table near the far back where they wouldn't be heard by others. Once Gary looked around to make sure no one was around he said,

"Do you remember when we went down to that red door? Well I have some more information about it."

Suddenly, Ray was very interested in what Gary had to say. Ray thought back to when he overheard the elders speaking in the meeting room. They had discussed that they were protecting something, and Ray had a hunch that it had something to do with that red door.

"If you're thinking of going back their again, it's impossible. Since the attack, that thing has been even more guarded than before and do you remember last time? We almost died."

"What if I told you I found another entrance?" Gary said. "I found out that the red door is not the only passage underground. You remember those caves in the mountains just behind the city? Remember how the knights say it's full of deadly magical beasts? Turns out it's all a lie."

Ray wasn't surprised by the information he had just heard. The academy had lied about many things. What was one more lie added to that list.

"How did you find out about this information?"

"Jasmine was the one who told me. Ever since that day we went underground, she said she had been having dreams. When I asked her about it, she said the dreams where the same as the ones I used to have."

This reminded Ray of the voice he had heard in the dream that one time. Ever since that day, Ray had stopped hearing the voice.

Gary then went up and grabbed a book from part of the library. The front of the book read "The Dragon Knights' Journey"

"These dreams Ray, I think they mean something. Before the founders of the academy became Dragon Knights, they experienced the exact same thing."

Gary then turned to a page of the book and slid it over to Ray. Ray began reading the paragraph that Gary had his finger pointed at.

The paragraph read,

"I heard the voice for several nights and did not know what to do. It was as if something was calling out to me. A power far stronger than my own. I followed the voice and eventually found it…the Divine Being. She granted me power and cleared my heart of all evils. She showed me the true path in my life and the future of the world."

"So, you think that the academy is hiding the Divine Being?" Ray asked.

The Divine Being was said to be located at Roland Academy, not at Avrion Academy. Ray had also wanted to meet this Divine Being as it said she was the one who founded the Dragon Knights.

"Why haven't you gone to this place on your own?" Ray asked.

"Jasmine said when she tried going, there was a door. One similar to the one we met underground. She tried her best to open it, but it wouldn't budge." Gary then paused for a little before continuing.

"Ray, I'm not stupid. I know that door underground opened because of you. I need your help. Let's find this Divine Being together."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132 - Together this time
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside Avrion's library, near the far back away from the prying eyes of others, Ray and Gary were sitting down at a table opposite each other.

Ray was currently taking in everything that Gary had just told him. When they went down to the red door area together, Ray was only able to open the giant steel door due to the system. If what Gary was saying was true about the Divine Being, did this mean it was all somehow linked to him?

If so, Ray wasn't sure about getting others involved in his business. Ian had already died and Ray's path was going to be a bloody one.

"Why do you need to see the Divine Being so badly?" Ray asked.

Gary replied almost instantly.

"Power. Just like how the founders gained special abilities, if we meet the Divine Being, we too can get stronger."

This was what Ray was afraid of. It was fine to seek power for your goal. Ray himself was doing that exact thing but Ray was never so power-hungry that he relied on others. When he learnt he couldn't use magic, he decided to focus on his combat skills.

By chance, he was able to come across the system and gain massive strides in strength. Of course, Ray would use this to his advantage but the system wasn't a one-sided thing in the first place. It rewarded you based on your achievements and if Ray never came across something like the system, he would have trained himself.

Gary could see Ray was being quiet for some reason and continued to talk as he thought Ray just needed a little convincing.

"Do you know Ray that the Allure Kingdom is the weakest of the 6 kingdoms, and we can forget about the empire," Gary said. "Once the Dragon Knights disappeared, the other kingdoms started to bully us in trades. It caused poverty to spread across the kingdom. And yet because of where our kingdom was placed, we were forced to do battle on the front line with the shadow plague, causing the land to suffer even more."

What Gary was saying to him now was taught to all of the knights at school. Ray never bothered looking into it with too much detail. When he was a dragon, the continent just looked like one piece of land to him. He had no clue about borders or such.

"We were practically all bullied by the Dark Guild and when the news spread to the other kingdoms, they laughed at us for how weak we were," Gary said as he clenched his fist. "I've already spoken to Monk and Jasmine and they want to come too. They know something is wrong with Avrion Academy. When I came here, I thought I could change the kingdom and help my family out. Now I can see that's impossible the way I am right now."

Suddenly, a voice was heard from the side.

"I agree, something needs to change."

Gary popped his head up to see who was listening in on their conversation. When he did, he was surprised to see it was not only one person but a group of them.

Ray had noticed them a long time ago but once he figured out who they were, he thought there was no reason to make a scene.

"Slyvia and… what the hell are all you guys doing here?" Gary said

Out from behind one of the shelves of the library came out Slyvia but she wasn't alone. Standing by her side was Martha, Kyle, and Dan and behind all of them was Monk who was hiding behind Martha like a kid who had done something bad.

Of course, Gary spotted Monk and straight away knew what had happened.

"You!" Garry pointed at Monk, "You told them!"

"I couldn't help it. It was Martha…she blackmailed me. She was going on about how couples shouldn't keep secrets from each other!"

Suddenly the whole room went silent. As everyone turned to look at Monk and Martha. Monk's face was now bright red as he couldn't believe he blurted out the only secret he managed to keep for so long.

Martha sighed.

"It's not like we were going to keep it a secret forever. Well, now you all know."

Slyvia then stepped forward.

"I want you to take us with you. We all know that something strange is happening at this academy and…" Before Slyvia could finish her next sentence, tears started to build up in her eyes. But she swallowed the lump in her throat and continued. "And I don't want to lose another, not ever again."

Ray looked at all the others. Ray had promised himself at the arena he would protect his friends but Ray knew he was going down a dangerous path. He thought the best way to protect them might be to not get them involved in his business but now it felt like whether he chose to involve them or not, somehow, some way they would manage to get themselves involved.

"Fine, we shall go together as a group but only when I say so. Of course, not a word of this to anyone and that includes the master knights."

Everyone agreed and then they headed back to the dorm rooms together. As they were walking through the streets, Ray suddenly stopped.

"Looks like I forgot something at the library. You guys go ahead without me," Ray said as he ran back towards the library.

During the whole conversation with Gary, Ray had an odd feeling. It felt like he was being watched. It was the reason why he had activated his dragon eyes. When he saw it was Slyvia and the others, he seemed to calm down a little bit once they had revealed themselves. Ray still couldn't shake the feeling that someone was listening in on their whole conversation though.

Once Ray had left the library the feeling seemed to have gone away. Ray decided to head back to the library to see if he could find traces of anyone or if he could still feel the presence of someone watching him. Ray searched and searched but he couldn't find anything strange, nor could he feel the presence of another person.

Ray had no choice but to leave for now and head back to the dorms. That night though when Ray was in the middle of his sleep once again, he started to have a strange dream.

It was similar to last, where he was in an empty dark room but the room was illuminated by a single white light. Ray's body was drawn to this white light and as Ray tried to walk towards it, it seemed like Ray never got closer.

"You need to find me…." The white light said. "Before it's too late…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133 - Act with Fate
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter note (Black knights are the knights who are dressed fully in heavy black armour.)

(Black sash knights wear what they want armour wise but have a black sash tied around them and are assassins.)

Over the next few days, Ray spent most of his time by the city wall. Gary and the others were constantly bugging him about when they would be going out to the caves in the mountain. They were like a bunch of school kids excited to go out on a field trip for the day.

The most important thing that Ray needed to figure out though, was how to leave the city walls without being noticed. Ever since the attack, the security had almost doubled, especially at the front gate. They now either had a master knight or a black knight out on watch at all the times.

The black knights were a strange existence. When Ray first saw a black knight guarding the entrance of the red door, he could tell they were powerful due to seeing their aura using the dragon eyes skill. But ever since Ray had evolved, his dragon eyes skill became stronger.

When looking at most people, their aura stayed mostly the same, but it was different when he looked at the black knights. Now with his improved dragon eyes, the black knight's aura grew even stronger. Suggesting that the armour they were wearing had some sort of suppressive skill or was made out of a material similar to the red door.

What was even stranger to Ray was the fact that if they were that strong, why didn't they help when the city was being attacked? There were too many questions and not enough answers.

Ray was currently standing just outside the back part of the city wall. Here the city wall was built up against the back of the mountain. If you were to stand on the wall and look out, all you could see was mountain completely blocking your view.

Behind this mountain was a field of mountains and was one of the hunting grounds the students would go to. The caves were located on the side of the mountain that was just behind the city. This was why the sound of magical beasts could be heard at night, especially on the night of a full moon.

This was also why Ray thought it might be possible that one of the caves in the mountain actually led to the underground tunnels that they had discovered behind the red door.

Ray had been watching the knights on guard and was pretty sure of their shift pattern. He was struggling to find a way to escape without being seen. In hopes of finding a gap in the shift, Ray decided to approach one of the knights who was on guard duty at the gate.

"How can I help you?" The knight said as he looked at Ray's sash, indicating he was a student of Avrion.

"What's the shift duty of the knights at this gate?"

Suddenly the man's eyes looked lifeless. At the same time, he started to reply in a monotone voice as if he was hypnotised.

"There are a total of four guards on the top of the city wall on shift at all times. These guards are switched out every two hours. There are also an additional two guards by the city gate."

After the knight finished answering Ray's question, the colour in the man's eyes started to show again. As soon as he saw Ray, he once again asked.

"How can I help you?"

"I'm okay, I was just having a look at the mountain," Ray said as he walked off.

It was as Ray thought. It seemed like it was impossible If they were to try to sneak out of the gate. If Ray was on his own then perhaps he could do something about it using Noir but Ray had a group of eight with him.

Ray thought about it for a while until he finally came up with a plan.

Ray then went back into the dorms and called everyone over including Jasmine. He checked to see if anyone was watching them with his dragon eyes skill and it didn't seem like anyone was there. The feeling Ray had at the library didn't appear either.

Ray proceeded to tell the others of his plan. The others liked the sound of the plan but Slyvia was still worried about a few things.

"Won't the academy notice we're missing? What about if we don't come back for a while?" Slyvia asked.

"I wouldn't worry about it too much," Gary said. "You saw how the knights reacted when we were stuck in the arena. They abandoned us. If they found out we were missing, they wouldn't even have a search team look for us. We'll just take whatever punishment they give us when we come back."

The others felt slightly awkward by Gary's words. Each one of them had a clear image of what happened at the arena and they knew Gary was right.

"So when do we leave?" Monk asked.

"On the first night when there's heavy rain," Ray replied. "It's best we do this at night time as well. Both of these things will make it harder for us to be seen and if we can, it would be best if we avoid the attention of the master knights. I don't want them wondering where we all went off to. This will give us a chance to come back before they ever find out."

The rest agreed and eagerly waited for a night were rain would come and as if fate itself wanted Ray and the others to act, the very next day there was a heavy downpour of rain and heavy gust of winds. It was a full-on storm. The rain was so heavy that most of the knights took cover inside apart from the ones who were forced to stay on guard duty.

The sun went down and the storm continued on throughout the night. It was a full moon today but even the cries of the beast couldn't be heard through the storm.? The others decided to meet up in an alley behind two houses just by the back gate.

Finally, one by one everyone had arrived separately making sure that they didn't look suspicious travelling as a group.

"Is everyone ready?" Ray asked.

Everyone responded with a nod.

Then Ray opened up his status screen and proceeded with his plan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134 - Mighty Storm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The storm over Avrion city was heavy, the worst one they had experienced in years. The raindrops were the size of marbles and the wind was strong. The knights outside on guard duty could barely see further than ten meters in front of them.

Ray thought this was the perfect day for them to leave the city. Behind the alleyway, Ray had opened up his status screen and went over to a specific tab. Of course, the others had no clue what Ray was doing and could only see him standing there in silence but Ray was so focused they were too afraid to say anything.

Ray selected on all three of their names and all of sudden it was as if their minds where linked. Without speaking, Ray was able to communicate to all of them using telepathy.

"It's time to start the plan, are you all ready?"

"Ready!"

Although Ray had told the others his plan, he hadn't fully explained. A lot of the members were sceptical whether or not it would work. The reason for this, of course, was Ray had omitted a lot of the details. He had mainly just told them that they would use Badger and Sloth.

Badger suddenly came out running towards the guards by the back entrance screaming.

"You have to help! Please! My brother, he's been taken by a magical beast!"

One of the guards then approached Badger.

"Inside the city? Lead me to where you last saw him. I will call some knights to help."

Although one of the guards had agreed to leave the gate, there were still 4 on the wall and one standing by the gate. For their plan to be successful, they needed all the guards to leave their station.

Then all of sudden, a large wolf-like creature could be seen running towards the gate. The guards were slightly panicked as they could see the wolf had a boy held between its fangs.

"Brother!" Badger shouted.

The wolf of course was Noir. Ray had summoned her earlier and the boy inside of Noirs mouth was Sloth. Noir was only gripping hard enough to hold Sloth in her mouth without hurting him.

The wolf had caught the attention of all the guards at the gate. Noir then jumped onto the city wall and ran past all the guards at the speed of light. On instinct, all the guards went to follow her to save the boy.

"They're gone," Jack said as he watched from a hidden area.

"Alright let's go," Ray said.

Straight away all 8 of them ran out into the rain and towards the city wall. As they reached the gate, they suddenly noticed all the guards had disappeared.

"Where did they go?" Monk asked.

"Like I said I just got Badger and Sloth to ask for help to call them away."

Although Gary and a few of the others weren't convinced, they didn't care. They were more concerned about finding the Divine Being. Ray and Gary pulled two levers that were positioned on either side of the iron gate.

The gate started to lift slowly and each member ran through one by one. Once everyone had gotten through the gate, Ray and Gary followed.

"Jack, close the gate and let me know if something happens."

"You got it, boss."

Now that they had finally exited the city, there was no need for the guards to chase Noir any longer. Ray de summoned Noir causing Sloth to fall to the ground. Noir had long outrun the guards but they continued their chase in hopes that they would find the boy alive.

Finally, they could see the boy lying on the ground.

"What happened?" A knight asked.

The wolf suddenly let me go and jumped out over the city wall." Sloth explained while pretending to be hurt. Badger had just arrived at the scene and quickly ran over to his brother and hugged him tightly.

"Oh Brother, I'm glad you are still alive," Badger said as if he was in a dramatic movie.

Jack was watching the two from the side lines and he couldn't help feeling embarrassed. He was happy that Ray had given the twins this role and not him, as he couldn't imagine himself performing something like that.

The group continued running through the blazing storm, but their visibility was poor. To get to the mountain the group needed to go through a forest but the storm was so heavy that no one could see where they were going.

"Are you sure we're going the right way?!" Dan shouted as his voice could barely be heard through the storm.

"I know where I'm going!" Ray replied. Ray didn't need to see clearly. He was able to use his dragon eyes to navigate through the forest.

What bothered Ray was the magical beast at the top of the mountain they were heading for. Last time Ray had seen the beast was when he went to the foothills which were located a little bit away from where they were now. The beast was resting peacefully on a mountain top at that time.

Ray had no clue why the beast was currently at this specific mountain top as there had been no records of the beast having moved. Usually, the beast didn't act as long as students didn't enter its territory but for some reason, the beast had moved over to this mountain.

Not only that but Ray could see the beast was circling around the mountain and its aura was burning widely. It was as if something had upset the magical beast. Then a thought came to Ray's mind, was the storm and the beast's activity linked?

Ray knew the beast on top of the mountain was at least a super tier, perhaps even higher. It was quite possible that the beast itself was producing the storm.

Although Ray had grown much stronger then when he met the beast last time, it was quite clear to him that he would have no chance if the two of them fought.

****

Please read this at its original source for latest updates.

Thank you to chevaun and Luke_Sprintall for the gifts, they help me to continue bringing you guys more content.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135 - Untrustworthy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group continued the march through the storm and had eventually left the forest. They were finally at the base of the mountain.

"I'll lead the way from here," Jasmine said.

Jasmine was the only one who had been to the cave before. In fact, she was the one who had told Gary about the cave in the first place. Ray still had his suspicions about Jasmine. How was she even able to obtain information about the cave?

The only reason why Ray decided not to confront her about it was because he was now too interested in the Divine Being. Especially after he had that second dream, he knew he needed to find out what it was.

The group continued to march on through the mountain. Eventually the storm started to settle down a little as they got further up. It was a strange sight as it looked like the whole city was affected by the storm but for some reason, the mountain had remained untouched.

The further up they went, the less rain and wind there was. Eventually, they had reached the snowy area of the mountain. They had kept up a good pace. If a normal human being with no use of Ki was to climb up these mountains, it would have taken them days to get up this far.

As they were walking up the mountain, they could see several mounds of snow around them. It looked as if the snow had covered several large boulders. Kyle wasn't getting a good feeling when he looking at the mounds of snow. He felt like something was off.

Then suddenly he felt like he spotted something.

"Hey did anyone see that?"

"See what?" Dan replied.

"That pile of snow. I could have sworn I saw it move just now."

"Can you not be childish and play jokes on us like that?" Martha said frowning, "You know it's rumoured this place has strong magical beasts."

Just as Martha had finished speaking, several mounds of snow around them started to move. Kyle gulped as he saw the giant ice golem come out from underneath the snow. The golem had no head but a single eyepiece in the centre of its chest. It was mostly human-shaped apart from its square chest.

Ray had spotted these a while ago of course but he had already faced this type of magical beast before. The system no longer allowed him to gain crystals nor to absorb its mana and ice attribute. It seemed like the system had put a limit on his mana steal and mana eater skill when it came to magical beasts.

The group quickly whipped into action, while Ray did as little as possible. Ray thought it was best for the group to get stronger. He wouldn't always be there to protect them after all.

Slyvia took command, using everyone abilities to their max. She even accounted for Kyle's new chain weapon and Jasmine being with us, giving them clear instruction on how and when to attack. The main weakness of the ice golems was the fact that they were slow.

Slyvia, Martha and Dan were in charge of aggroing the creatures. They would attack the creatures and gets their attention, while Ray, Jasmine, Monk, Gary and Kyle would then stealthily take out the creatures from behind.

Everyone had grown much stronger and even though they were intermediate beasts, they were quickly dealt with. After everyone had finished carving out the crystals, the group continued to move forward with Jasmine in front.

Again after the battle with the ice golems, Ray only grew more suspicious. Although the group easily dealt with the ice golems, how was Jasmine able to come here on her own? Jasmine was clearly hiding something.

As they walked further up, the group encountered another group of intermediate magical beasts. This time they were rabid bunnies. These creatures had the features of rabbits but stood eight feet tall with the body of a grizzly bear. Before the others could even react, Ray had run out in front to take on as many as he could. He dealt with each beast with a single punch.

Ray had managed to defeat a total of 10 rabid bunnies while the rest of the group had dealt with four. The group was no longer surprised at Ray's strength after the tournament. The only thing that they were surprised about was how quickly Ray seemed to be growing stronger.

After the fight with the rabid bunnies, Ray managed to luckily obtain 8 crystals through the system and stored the other 2 in his endless void when the others weren't looking. Instead of keeping the eight crystals in Ray's system though, this time he decided to absorb them all straight away as he walked at the back of the group.

After what had happened last time, Ray didn't want to take any chances. If they met another creature in these caves or those tunnels like the minotaur last time, then Ray needed to be as strong as possible.

After absorbing all of the eight crystals, Ray's points had reached a total of 79. His whole body felt lighter and he felt re-energized. He was now only a few more points away from his next evolution.

"The cave, it's just up ahead here," Jasmine said

The group had passed many caves on the way over but Jasmine continued walking upwards until finally, they had reached their destination.

"Is this really a cave?" Monk asked looking at the entrance.

The cave walls looked unnatural and the entrance was bigger than all the ones they had passed. This one stood 10 meters tall and had smooth edges as if it had been carved into the side of the mountain. It almost looked like a tunnel; the cave was clearly man-made.

"Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go," Gary said as he took the lead.

The cave was dark and there was no light source but this was expected. This time each of the group had made sure they bought their own light stone crystals and even more for back up just in case.

The cave felt like it continued on straight rather than going down or up. After walking for a few minutes, they had reached a round steel door that covered the entire 10-meter tall cave. There wasn't a single gap for anyone to squeeze through.

"This was the door I was talking about," Jasmine said.

"Well Ray, it looks like it's time for you to do your thing," Gary said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136 - Familiar face
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If it wasn't for the fact that each member of the group was carrying a light crystal with them, they wouldn't have been able to see a thing. They had long gone passed the entrance of the cave which was the only source of light from outside and could no longer tell how deep in the mountain they were.

The light crystal shined brightly and each member was taking their time examining the steel door. Just like the red door, underneath it was composed of thick steel and had a circle style pattern down the middle.

Dan was currently fiddling around with the door to see if there was any way he could open it.

"Seriously, so there really is no way to open the door apart from Ray?" Dan said as he pushed his hand on the door.

Monk and Gary had explained what had happened when they went down to the red door before. They wanted to make sure that the rest of the group was prepared for anything, especially after what had happened last time.

Dan then walked over to the edge of the cave wall where he could see the steel door sticking around it. He looked at it for a moment before hitting it with his spear.

"What are you doing that for?" Martha asked.

"Well, maybe we can dig around it."

Dan continued to hit the cave wall by the side until a chunk of the wall came off. Underneath the chunk though was just more of the steel wall.

"It's best if you stop doing that." Slyvia said, "We don't know how far in this wall goes and I would hate for the cave to collapse on us."

"Fine, I'll just leave it to Ray then."

Ray then stepped forward and placed his hand on the door and just like last time a notification screen appeared.

As soon as Ray selected yes, the circular lock down the centre of the door, started to move. And suddenly the two steel doors moved apart into the side of the cave.

"What impressive machinery," Slyvia said.

"How come it worked when Ray touched the door?" Dan asked as he looked towards Gary and Monk.

Both of them simply shrugged their shoulders. Ray wasn't prepared to tell the others who he really was yet or that he had this special system.

"Is it because he's the chosen one?" Kyle said as he thought back to their dragon knight meeting they'd had a while back.

"Oh are you talking about the prophecy? So maybe the divine being really is down here." Dan said excitedly.

"Come on let's go," Ray said in order to stop the others from talking.

Ray didn't like the fact that they were talking about him. Ray himself didn't have any clue why everything was happening and he dam well didn't want to be part of some so-called prophecy.

As the group walked towards the steel door, they could see a large spiral staircase leading downward. Their light crystals only allowed them to see so far and there was no way for them to tell how deep it was.

Jasmine and Monk started to shiver.

"This is just like last time," Monk said.

Gary ignored the two of them and started to walk ahead of everyone else. Gary felt like he was close to discovering something big and he wasn't going to let anything get in the way of that.

The spiral staircase was long. After walking downward for half an hour, there was still no end to the staircase insight.

"Are we really going all the way down underneath the academy?" Monk asked.

"It looks like it," Jasmine replied.

The group continued to walk down the stairs while making small talk with each other.

"What are you going to say when we meet the Divine Being?" Kyle asked.

"I don't know but I hope she's gorgeous," Martha replied.

"She…what makes you think the Divine Being's a girl?" Dan said.

"What makes you think it's a boy?"

"Well you know, it's all powerful and stuff, so it has to be a guy."

"You know Dan, did you ever even beat Slyvia once in a ranking match? I didn't think so."

Martha and Slyvia then looked at each other. "Boys"

Finally, after another half an hour of walking down, they had reached the end of the staircase. The staircase had led them into a large church-like room. There were wooden benches on either side all facing in one direction. All the benches were currently pointing at a single statue in the room.

The statue was of a beautiful woman who was wearing a hood that mages often wore. In her right hand, the statue held a staff with an orb attached to the end and around the orb there were two small wings.

The group stared at the statue for a while before searching the room for any other entrances. Everyone had split up and gone looking around the large hall apart from Ray. Ray was stood still staring at the statue.

Slyvia noticed the Ray was still staring at the statue.

"I know she's beautiful Ray but I have to remind you she's only a statue."

"Do you know who she is?" Ray replied.

Slyvia looked at the statue and the room they were in for a while before giving an answer.

"If I would have to guess, this place seems like it used to be a temple or some type of place for worship. Nowadays it's taboo for anyone to have a drawing or try to recreate an image of the Divine Being but in the past, it wasn't so much."

"Are you saying this is the Divine Being?"

"I think it's a possibility."

Ray didn't say much else, but he had the strange feeling of familiarity when looking at the statue as if he had seen this person before. But for some reason, Ray just couldn't quite put his finger on it.

***

Please read the story at its original source to support the author and for the latest updates.

Special thanks to Luke_Sprintall and PhantomNite629

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 - The Future
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After searching the room for half an hour, no one was able to find anything that resembled either an entrance or an exit, so they all gathered back at the statue. Ray was currently still staring at the statue trying to figure out why the person seemed so familiar to him.

"Hey, do you think Ray is in love?" Dan whispered to Monk.

"He has been staring at that statue for an incredibly long time."

Martha then came up from behind the two and knocked them on the head.

"knock it out you two."

Then suddenly they heard a shout from one of the corners of the room.

"Dam it, there has to be an entrance somewhere."

As the group turned to look at who it was, it turned out the noise was coming from Gary. Gary seemed to be frustrated the most out of everyone.

"Well, should we head back?" Slyvia asked the group.

Ray then pointed at the statue.

"Underneath the statue, there's another door."

"What seriously!" Gary said as he rushed over to the statue and immediately started to push it.

"This thing weighs a tone," Gary said, "Come on are you guys just going to stare."

Dan and Monk then came over and tried pushing the statue again but it didn't move an inch just like with the steel door.

Ray had actually spotted the door when he first entered the room, it wasn't like he didn't want to help the others but he wanted to stay and stare at the statue for a while longer. He felt like the longer he looked at the statue the more it reminded him of someone.

Ray then walked over to the statue and the others moved, he placed his hand on the bottom part of the statue and just like before the system reacted again.

"Would you like to enter?"

Ray selected yes without any hesitation; Ray felt like he was just about to discover something big. The statue started to move backwards and underneath it reviled another staircase that led into darkness.

"Just how far down does this place go?" Dan asked.

Unlike the staircase before it, this staircase did not spiral down and just lead the group straight down until they had eventually reached a trap door. Gary lifted up the trap door to reveal a ladder. The sound of water running could be heard from underneath.

"I'll go first then shall I," Gary said as he slowly started to descend down the ladder. The ladder led to an even bigger empty room which was filled with nothing but rocks. The room had five tunnels in total but four of them had been sealed up with Iron doors, similar to the first one at the entrance

"Ray, do you think you can open those?" Gary asked.

Ray walked up to one of the iron doors and could see these were slightly different. These doors did not have a circular marking in the centre like the others. When he placed his hand on the door there was no reaction.

Ray shook his head.

"Well it looks like we have no choice," Garry said as he continued to walk through the only tunnel path that wasn't sealed up.

The group continued walking down the path and eventually, part of the cave wall started to turn into crystals. The crystals would give off a bright blue light illuminating the whole cavern.

"What are these?" Slyvia said as she stared at one of the crystals.

"Well if you don't know what they are none of us will," Gary replied.

Just as Gary said no one had a clue what they were nor had they seen anything like it before. It didn't look like a beast crystal. As the group continued to walk down the cavern more and more crystals started to appear on the wall until eventually, the whole wall was covered in the blue crystals.

They continued to walk until finally, a large single crystal stood floating in the air. The crystal was more radiant than any of the other crystal they had seen in the cave. It was an unexpected sight for the group but as soon as they had laid their eyes on it, they knew what it was.

The Divine Being.

Immediately the whole group felt like they were in the presence of something far more powerful than them and they knelt down on their knees and placed their head on the ground. Ray couldn't understand the reaction of the others around him.

"Ray can't you tell what this is, it's the Divine Being!" Slyvia shouted.

Suddenly, Ray felt something inside his body jolt. It was as if something in his body wanted to escape from him and join the crystal. Ray tried his best to fight but he could no longer. Its power was far stronger than his.

The piece of his body he was trying to hold onto suddenly left him and entered the Crystal.

Images started to flash through Ray's mind of destruction, sadness death. Ray was being shown a world were the shadow plague had won the fight against humanity, were the shadow plague ruled over the whole land. Not only were the humans gone but every single living beast with it.

Finally, the images stopped and the part of Ray that had entered the crystal had been returned to him.

"What was that?"

Then suddenly, Ray remembered one of the images he had been shown. It was an image of him in this very cave. It showed him how one of the people with him were being controlled by a dark evil force.

In his mind he saw a sharp poisoned blade slice his back, Ray went to turn around but he was already too late.

The image had become reality and he had already been stabbed. Ray could feel the sharp silver blade inside him. Ray's body and legs started to feel numb as the poison started to take effect.

Ray then collapsed onto the floor but was able to lift his head before he was completely gone. He heard shouts and screams from the others, then he saw Gary jump over to his side towards Jasmine. Jasmine who bore a smile on her face while her hands were covered in blood.

The last thing Ray saw was Gary swinging his sword at Jasmine's head before his eyes completely went black.

***

Please read this story at its original source to support the author and for latest updates.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138 - On Trial
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Ray managed to open his eyes once again, he was met with a scene that was now too familiar with him. The white ceiling and smell of chemicals was a dead giveaway. He was once again lying in a hospital bed.

Only this time, rather than the nurses and doctors who were tending to him before, his eyes were met with an old man who stood by his side. The old man was known as Humfree White. His main features where his white hair and long white beard that suited his name well.

Humfree was in charge of everything that went on in the hospital and not only that, he was the only official mage that was a part of Avrion. For Humfree specialised in healing magic.

"Looks like your finally awake," Humfree said with a huge grin on his face.

Ray tried to speak to the old man but his body still felt slightly numb and his throat was incredibly dry. Humfree then signalled for one of the nurses to bring Ray a glass of water to clear his throat.

"What happened to everyone?" Ray managed to croak out.

"I suppose you have a lot of questions but worry not, your friends are safe." Then Humfree's expression changed into a serious one. "All except for Jasmine that is."

Ray had thought what he had seen before he passed out, was a dream or part of his vision but with Humfree's words it only confirmed it. Gary had slain Jasmine.

"Have I been out long?" Ray asked.

"It has been a whole week."

Ray couldn't believe what he had just been told, a whole week, was he really in such a bad state? Ray had never felt this vulnerable before.

"You're lucky to be alive," Humfree said before whispering the details to Ray. "It seems like Jasmine was possessed by the shadow plague and she had attempted to murder you. She coated the blade with a deadly poison that is used only to hunt the most ferocious of Magical Beasts. We have no clue where she managed to find such a thing. Or how long she had been under the control of the shadow plague."

"How am I still alive?"

"I find myself asking that exact same question, thankfully you got to me just in time, usually if a poison like this was to be used on a human, they would die instantly but your body fought off the poison well."

"How did I get to the hospital?" Ray asked.

"Two of your friends waited with you while the others went back to the academy to seek help. They eventually managed to find Wilfred who took a different path to get to you quicker."

Although Humfree didn't say what this different path was, Ray could take a guess that it was most likely the red door in the academy. It was how Wilfred was probably able to get to Ray so fast once he knew of their location.

Humfree then sighed while looking at Ray.

"You and your friends are in serious trouble. The elders have called forth an emergency meeting to discuss what to do with you and your friends."

Ray clenched his right fist, "You mean, everyone could be kicked out of the academy?"

Humfree nodded, "You have committed a serious crime, discovered secrets that should never be reviled to a knight especially students like yourselves."

Ray was annoyed, after finding out that the Divine being was located at Avrion and not Roland, Ray felt like he was closer to discovering what had happened to him. He couldn't be kicked out of the academy now.

Ray then thought of something else. Why did Jasmine try to kill him? Yes, she was under the influence of the shadow plague and he had plans to deal with them later but so far, he had done nothing to aggravate them.

For all they knew, he was just a student at an academy.

Was it a random attack or all planned out? Ray wished that Gary had managed to restrain Jasmine rather than outright killing her. Perhaps then Ray would have been able to question her by using Dragon's truth on her.

While Ray was deep in thought Humfree continued.

"You will be watched from now on, although you may not see them out and about there will always be someone to guard you."

This was something Ray really didn't want to hear. If the academy sent someone to watch him how would he be able to act on his own.

"We a.d.u.l.ts made a mistake, we should have watched all the red-haired children closely from the start, although there was some who didn't take the prophecy seriously there are now many who do."

After saying everything Humfree wanted to say he got up to leave the room. As he did, Ray decided to close his eyes and get some rest. He could still feel that his body was being affected by the poison and he currently felt very weak because of it.

A few moments later and Ray could hear the sound of footsteps approaching him. Ray immediately opened his eyes thinking that it could be the enemy but it was a familiar face to him, it was Wilfred.

Wilfred looked down at Ray and had an expression on his face as if he was disappointed in his son for doing something bad.

"Ray I thought you could trust me, why didn't you come to me if you had things to ask, now I fear that it is too late to help you,"

Ray felt a little hurt from Wilfred's words. Wilfred had always been nice to him since he had met him but Ray couldn't trust anyone. After finding out about the purple liquid and the Pure blood's, Ray didn't know who to trust and again just now someone who he considered close to him had attacked him and tried to kill him.

"I am not part of the elders so it is now up to them to make a decision," Wilfred said as he turned away from Ray and left the room.

All Ray could do now was sit there and wait for the decision of the elders.

****

Please read this it's original source to support the author and for latest updates.

Special thanks to Juan_Cruz_4501, Genevieve_DS and kingog for the gifts they really help and support me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139 - Decision Made
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day had come and the sun was shining through the window brightly into the hospital room. Ray was currently staring outside the window as there wasn't much he could do. Ray had managed to make a full recovery and could move his body well again.

When Ray tried to leave the room there were two knights stationed outside that told him he was to remain in the room until further notice. Although Ray would have no trouble taking out the two knights and ignoring their orders.

Ray thought it was perhaps best not to, especially when he had a trial coming up. Finally, after waiting for some time a man had arrived and entered the room. He was there to escort Ray to the trial room.

The man looked Ray up and then before saying anything.

"Your trial is set to begin, please follow me."

The man didn't look happy about the task he was given, as if he was told to go collect a dog or something and Ray could sense this but despite all of this, Ray agreed to follow the man.

Eventually, the man led Ray to the courthouse in the city. It was a big building that was just as big as the dorms at the academy. Ray thought it was useless to have something this big in a city especially a courtroom. Because most of the residents staying in Avrion where knights themselves, the courtroom was hardly used.

Only when a knight would break the rules of the city would they be summoned to the courthouse. So trials rarely ever happened. Standing just outside the large two doors where the mysterious black knights.

The man and Ray walked straight past them and entered the courthouse.

The courtroom was big and looked similar to the dining hall inside Avrion academy. With paintings of famous knights on the wall. At the back of the courthouse were six throne-like chairs were each of the elders sat. Each one of them had a Black knight by their side.

To the left of them was a table were the five master knights sat including Wilfred and Sir K. There was also a bannister in the middle of the room that separated the room into two halves. One for the elders and teachers and the rest for the convicted.

On a table just on the other side of the bannister were Ray's friends. Slyvia, Martha, Monk, Dan, Kyle and Gary. Each one of them looked extremely nervous and were pale in the face. The man continued to lead Ray until he eventually motioned Ray to sit next to his Friends.

One of the elders who sat in the middle then stood up to speak.

"I remind you all, you may only speak if you have been granted permission to speak." The old man paused to see if the children understood before continuing. "May this trial begin."

"What is there to speak of, these children have broken the laws they should be banished." An elder said.

Many of the elders nodded their head in agreement from these words. But there was still hope for Ray and the others as Ray had a close connection with the old man at the martial hall, who was also an elder.

"May I remind everyone about Ray's importance, he is most likely the child foretold in the prophecy." The old man said.

Then one of the elders stood up in anger. He was a short fat old man with ginger hair named Gibby. "Since when have we knights been so weak that we have to rely on kids to save us. We have always dealt with things ourselves and we will carry on to do so. Do you truly believe this boy has what it takes to defeat the shadow plague?" Gibby Shouted.

Sir K then stood up from the side and spoke out of turn, he could no longer take it anymore.

"Are these not the children that fended off the Dark guild for us? When we as the academy abandoned them. I see you dealt with things very well back at the arena!"

"How dare you speak to an elder like that!" Gibby shouted back.

"Is what Sir K said not true?" The old man asked.

The elders and Gibby felt slightly embarrassed by the whole situation that had happened at the arena. Gibby then sat back down in his seat before continuing to speak.

"Even if that is true, we did not break any laws while they did and the laws must be followed at all costs."

Then another elder started to speak, Ray hadn't noticed till now because the cloak was covering his face most of the time but he recognised this man as well. It was Humfree the leader at the hospital.

"I believe at the very least that Ray Talen should be allowed to stay at the academy."

The rest of Ray's friends gulped as they heard those words. They knew that many members thought Ray was important for the Academy but what about them? All they were known as were Ray's friends.

"And what do the master knights think? You have known the students for the longest time?" Gibby asked.

Delbert was the first to speak up.

"The Divine Being is the one who had set these laws on us in the first place and they broke them. I believe the Divine Being is testing us, if we do not follow its rules and expel every one of them then we will be punished."

"Beautifully said." Shouted Gibby as he had a huge grin on his face.

"I agree also," Rose replied.

Martha's heart sank after hearing those words. Rose had been her teacher for the longest time as the leader of the green sashes and thought she would have at least stuck up for her.

"Then I believe it is time for the elders to cast their vote," Gibby said. "We shall call out the names of each student one by one."

"All those in favour of banishing Gary Bluebird from Avrion raise your hand."

All of the elders had raised their hand. Suddenly Everyone's face at the table was in shock at what they had just seen. As if reality had just hit them.

"You can't do this!" Gary shouted. "We gave our blood for this academy!"

Gibby continued to speak coldly.

"Gary bluebird, you are now banished from Avrion city until death, if you speak again we will have the Black knight escort you out of the courtroom."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140 - A loophole
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone sat at the table was now unmoving after hearing the decision made about Gary. The fact that not even one elder had voted for Gary to stay in the academy, came as a shock. Gary was the number one ranked student out of the second years, if he didn't get any leeway then the others already knew the result of their vote.

Gibby then went on with the next vote.

"All those in favour of banishing Monk, please raise your hand."

Again, just like before all of the elders had raised their hand. It was all too much for Monk as he started to burst into tears. Gibby ignored Monk's cries and continued on to the next vote.

"All those in favour of Banishing Dan please raise your hand."

Again, the same result. Dan mumbled cursing the academy under his breath. His fist was clenched hard.

The vote continued and each outcome was the same for Martha and Kyle who were too shocked to even make any sort of reaction. Finally, it was down to the last two, Slyvia and Ray.

Before Gibby could even say Slyvia's name she stood up in protest.

"How can you do this to us? I do remind you that I am part of the Heart family and if you chose to continue with this, the relationship with the Hearts' and this academy will be broken."

"She's right about that," Humfree said.

"There shall be no special treatment regardless of who or what background you have, rules are rules."

The vote continued with 2 of the elders in favour of Slyvia staying and the rest for banishment. The decision had been made. Before Slyvia sat back in her seat she had one last thing to say.

"You will all regret this."

Finally, it was time for Ray's vote. When asked the question about banishment similar to Slyvia, two of the elders were in favour of Ray staying while the other four agreed to banishment.

"As I said justice has prevailed," Gibby said.

Ray wasn't moving though and he wasn't reacting but underneath his calm look, his blood was at boiling point. Ray was currently deciding whether he should just attack the elders right here and now and take over the academy but there was one thing stopping him.

The black knights. For some reason their presence worried Ray, this uncertainty was what caused Ray not to act.

"We shall have a knight escort them to their dorms and stay on guard until they can be sent home."

Just as the two knights started to move, the old man stood up.

"Wait, no one shall be doing anything."

"The vote has been cast old man, there is nothing you can do to change that," Gibby said.

The old man then smiled at Gibby before giving his answer.

"I hereby relinquish my seat as an elder and select Ray Talen as my successor."

"What, can he do that?" One of the elders asked.

"Just what are you thinking." Gibby cried out.

"An Elder can see the Divine being whenever they wish and can name anyone as their successor. With this, Ray will be exempt from the banishment correct?"

Gibby gritted his teeth in anger, why would an elder go this far for a student. Then a thought came to his mind.

"Ha, you forget one thing old man, for before a successor can be chosen, the master knights must cast a vote." Gibby started to laugh. "All those in favour of Ray becoming an elder of Avrion Raise your hand."

But the next scene nearly gave Gibby a heart attack, for three out of the five master knights had raised their hand. Bernardo, Wilfred and Sir K had raised their hand, while Rose and Delbert didn't.

"How? this has never happened in the history of our kingdom, how can we allow a kid to have a seat as an elder!"

"I believe were not breaking any rules." Sir K said with a grin. It was the first time any of the students had seen Sir K smile.

"Fine but that doesn't let the rest are off. The rest will still be banished."

For a brief moment, while everything was going on, the students had forgotten about the situation they were in. Although now Ray was safe this didn't mean they were.

Slyvia then suddenly thought she had found a loophole in the system. She whispered to Ray and gave him instructions to which he nodded and then said.

"I wish to relinquish my position as elder and name Gary as my successor."

Gibby had nearly fallen out of his seat along with the other elders as they heard those words. Then the old man started to smile.

"It looks like these students have beaten you in a game of chess," The old man said.

After Ray gave up his position to Gary the same thing had occurred with the master knights voting Gary in. As an Ex elder they had permission to know the secret of the academy and there was no punishment for seeing the Divine being.

The group continued to do this, voting in each and every one of them as an elder, until finally, the last person's name was called which was Slyvia. Once Slyvia had been voted in as an elder she then realised that there was no one else that needed to be cast, so she decided to give it back to the old man.

The old man who had started this whole mess, his real name was Von. He had been at the academy since the Dragon knights had existed and knew something needed to be changed. He looked at the students and thought they were exactly the type of thing this academy needed.

"I relinquish my position as elder and name Von as my successor."

Von then shook his head.

"I'm afraid young lady, that is not possible. Once an elder has given up their position they can no longer obtain that title again."

"Wait! Does that mean!" A realization suddenly hit Slyvia.

The man then said.

"You are now one of the elders at Avrion academy, Slyvia Heart."

Ray and the others looked at Slyvia standing there in the elder's seat and couldn't think of a better person who could change and lead the academy.

****

Special thanks to?PhantomNite629,?kingog and?AbyssalSovereign every little gift brings me closer to my goal of becoming a fulltime writer :)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141 - Growing army
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Gibby could no longer get rid off or kick the students out of the academy, Gibby was still an Elder and ordered that the students be kept under watch for a few days. A couple of the knights did as they were told and escorted the students back to their dorms.

The old man Von, had been asked to become Slyvia's adviser. The other Elders had no choice but to accept. Slyvia didn't have a clue what Elders really did or any of the rules. Von would now advice Slyvia on decisions and try his best to catch Slyvia up to speed. This also, of course, meant that Slyvia was no longer a student.

Although she would be free to train as she wished, she wouldn't be able to attend classes and hunt like the others but that wasn't really a necessary thing for elders in the first place.

Back at the dorm, the knights had just finished escorting Ray and the others back to their room. Once the others had entered the room, the two knights kept guard by the door, making sure that no one was allowed out.

"This whole thing is crazy!" Kyle said. "Slyvia is officially an elder now, how did that even happen?"

Everyone remained silent, they were still trying to take in everything that had just happened to them. Ray was currently thinking that it might be best to offer a contract to Slyvia. Before Ray wasn't sure as it seemed like Slyiva still had some loyalty to the academy due to her family.

But now she had seen a horrible side of the academy. This meant that she would be more inclined to accept Ray's offer. Not only that but then Ray would have someone under his command that had access to a high position in the academy. The only thing now was, would Slyvia accept?

Ray then opened up his status screen once more and went to look over his Red wings tab. There was now one more name there compared to before, which meant Jack had been doing what he had asked.

Ray had played around with the system a bit more and found out some extra things about the contract skill. In the system, he was able to give certain contracted people extra privileges. One of these privileges was offering contracts to other people.

And Ray had given Jack this exact privilege. The contract was still the same and they were all under the leader Ray. So even if Jack offered a contract to someone, they wouldn't be under Jack but Ray. Under the tab now was the name, Harry. Ray, of course, told Jack to not mention that he was the leader and told Jack if anyone asked to say it was Nes.

As soon as Ray gave permission to Jack, Jack could only think of one person who was loyal to him and that was Harry. Harry had accepted which meant without even realising it, he was under the control of Ray.

Ray thought that it might be best if Jack invited Slyvia instead, that way if Slyvia said no, Ray wouldn't have to reveal his identity.

While Ray was busy thinking about these things, Gary had finally broken the silence.

"They were really going to kick us out, weren't they? After everything we did for them, I don't even know if I want to be here anymore."

Everyone had similar feelings to Gary now but it was different for Ray who had never believed in the Academy in the first place, so unlike the others, he wasn't hurt by this.

"But now Slyvia has a seat as an elder." Martha said, "Maybe things can get better. I think it's best if we don't act on impulse."

Monk nodded showing that he agreed with what Martha said.

"Do you really think one elder is going to change anything!" Gary said angrily. "They clearly had something against us all, maybe they are members of pureblood or infected by the shadow plague."

"We can't just go around accusing people like that though," Dan said.

"What else can we do?" Gary replied, "Even Jasmine…" Gary paused for a brief moment as his voice croaked a little. "Even Jasmine who was a dear friend of mine turned out to be infected by the shadow plague."

Everyone knew that it must have been tough for Gary, not only was he the closest to Jasmine but he was the one who had killed her with his own two hands. As soon as he saw that Ray was in trouble, he had decided to jump to help without a second thought.

"We can't even go outside at the moment, there's nothing we can do," Martha said. "And think of it this way, if what you say is true Gary, then Slyvia will need our help. The other Elders will be targeting her, maybe even planning to assassinate her. If we aren't there to protect her in this academy then who is?"

Unexpectedly Ray decided to step in.

"There's nothing we can do for now, let's get some sleep and we can decide tomorrow."

As soon as Ray spoke those very few words, everyone listened and did as he said. They all treated Ray like a leader, whatever Ray said was the final say on the matter, Ray didn't know this but the rest felt this way.

Ray had only said this because he had made up his mind. The academy was fragmented at the moment. Master knights and elders split. Perhaps this was the best chance for him to grow his influence and grow his army of the Red wings.

That night, everyone was deep in sleep. Everyone apart from Ray had been worrying about this day for a whole week and finally, at least they now knew they would no longer be kicked out of the academy.

As Ray was sleeping silently, unknown to everyone, a Dark evil presence had managed to enter the room. It slowly started to walk over to the students, until it eventually it stopped at Ray

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142 - Never Forget
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The man had appeared in the room out of nowhere. As if his body had emerged from the shadow itself. As he walked across the floor, not a creak or a single sound was made, it was like he was walking on the air itself. Finally, the man stopped and stared down at Ray.

He stopped and stared at Ray for the minute until he started to mumble a few words. Slowly dark shadows started to creep and wrap around Ray's body from head to toe. To Ray, it would all feel like a dream while in real life he was slowly being suffocated.

Ray could feel something happening to his body but his mind wouldn't wake up. Something was suffocating him and it was overwhelming him. It reminded Ray of when he saw the divine being, a similar power but at the same time entirely different.

"Ray run." The man said.

The man's voice had managed to trigger something in Ray causing him to open his eyes. When Ray did, all he could see was a dark shadow in the shape of a human figure. Ray's dragon eyes didn't show much either apart from confirming that the man was part of the shadow plague.

The man lifted Ray with the invisible force and out of his bed so now the two stood opposite each over. Ray struggled and struggled using every bit of his power to move but nothing was working. Ray then tried to shout but he was even struggling to take in the air so no words would come out.

"I have finally found you, at last, you must die!" The man said.

Suddenly the shadows around Ra's body started to tighten harder. With no way-out Ray turned to the system for help. He opened the system with his mind and checked to see if there was anything helpful but none of his skills were working. All that he could do was activate the contract.

Suddenly mana started to leave from the contracted bodies across the academy and enter Ray's own. Ray was careful and made sure the amount didn't topple over a 100. Although 200 mana points would ruin his body when using it, his body was able to heal from this. If he used any more mana then there was no telling what would happen.

When Ray finally had 200 mana points, he was able to barely move his leg. The force against him was incredibly powerful. Ray stomped on the ground as hard as he could causing the wooden floor panels to break but this isn't what Ray was aiming for.

"What is going on!" Monk shouted as he was woken by the loud noise.

Everyone in the room started to slowly open their eyes and all they could see was Ray being held up by a being completely made of shadows.

"Get off him!" Gary shouted as he charged in.

The shadow man moved one of his hands and flung it in the direction of Gary. At the same time, Gary suddenly went flying into the air and was knocked back into his own bed.

The doors to the room then swung wide open and Wilfred came rushing in with two guards behind him.

"Get off the boy!" Wilfred shouted with his long sword held in his hand.

The edges of his longsword started to glow green. The shadow man flung another hand at Wilfred but Wilfred ducked avoiding the invisible force, the two behind him were less fortunate managing to be struck and thrown against the wall in the hallway. Wilfred then slashed the shadow across the shoulder.

The shadows around the man moved and waved as the sword made an impact. Now underneath his shoulder, human flesh could be seen but the attack wasn't strong enough to pierce the skin.

The shadows surrounding the man acted like an ever-moving shield.

Wilfred went to attack again only this time it was a slash across the stomach. The shadow man had no choice but to let go of the shadows holding Ray's body. The shadows left Ray and joined the man blocking Wilfred's sword attack.

The shadow man then quickly Jumped up to the window in the room. "I'll come back for you!" The shadow said before leaping out of the window.

Wilfred followed looking over the window edge but there was no trace of the man. "It's impossible, I can't see him anywhere, as if he suddenly disappeared."

Wilfred then turned to the two guards to give his orders.

"Tell the guards to be on high alert, an assassin has tried to kill one of our students." He then rushed over to Ray to check on the condition of the boy.

Ray was currently knelt down on the floor gasping for air. It felt like if the shadows were around his body for any longer, he would have been a goner. The others had never seen Ray look like this before, so weak.

The others were suddenly frightened, Ray was the strongest out of all of them, he was stronger than many knights at the academy and so far, had managed to defeat every assassin that had come after his life but this time it was different.

If Ray could do nothing, then what could they have done?

Ray's body finally started to calm down and stop shaking as the oxygen returned to his body and blood cells.

"Take your time," Wilfred said, "Ray I need to ask you, did you manage to see the man's face?"

Ray shook his head. It was true the man's entire body had been covered in shadows and it was currently night time.

Wilfred then asked another question.

"Do you have any idea who the man was?"

Ray responded again by shaking his head but this time it was a lie.

The truth was, Ray had an idea of who the man was. When the shadow man spoke most of the time his voice was deep and darkened, as if he was possessed but this was normal for people who were infected by the shadow.

But as Ray was being attacked, he had heard a different voice from the man, one that had warned him to run. A voice that Ray could never forget.

His father's voice.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143 - Its time
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the incident with the shadow man, knights around the city were looking around every little corner to see if they could find anyone suspicious but they had come up with nothing. This meant that the shadow man was most likely long gone by now.

Once the search party was called off, Wilfred had come back to Ray's room and interviewed each of the students individually to see if there was anything he could find out from them. After speaking to each of the students they all said the same thing. They could see a man wrapped around in shadows but nothing else.

This confirmed Wilfred's fear. Wilfred perhaps thought that he might have been seeing things when he saw the man but the students confirmed his thoughts, it was a true infected human. Unlike the Dark Guild members who drank the purple liquid, a true infected had been possessed first hand by the Shadow plague.

The purple liquid was more of an artificial product and no one knew of its effects apart from high ranking members in the Alure kingdom Army and Ray. The Knights at Avrion were still clueless and just thought they had been attacked by the regular Dark guild members.

A true infected was someone who had been infected by the Shadow plague itself.

Most of the time the Shadow plague would choose to outright kill it's host once it gained control but those that were strong like Ray's father had a chance to become a true infected.

Ray also knew about this and it had only confirmed what his mother had told him when she visited him last year.

The city continued acting like normal. The students and knights continued their daily training while behind the scenes the elders and master knights were panicking about what to do.

Once training had finished, Ray had decided to stay at the martial arts hall for the day. The old man Von was no longer there since he was too busy helping out Slyvia with her Elder duties. Ray had also invited every member of the Red wings and told them to meet him at the martial arts hall.

Before they arrived, Ray used the transform skill to disguise himself as Nes. One by one the members of Red wing arrived and as they did, they bowed down to Nes.

Badger, Sloth, Jack and Harry were currently the only members of the Red wings group and they were all sat down opposite Ray.

Only Harry didn't know the true identity of Nes and Ray wanted to keep it that way.

"Could everyone please show their marking?" Ray asked.

Each member then lifted up the sleeve on their shirt to reveal the mark of a red dragon head on their shoulder. Ray wanted to make this routine for in the future, for when their group expanded there would be many members. Even those that might try to infiltrate the group. The marking was something that should be kept secret and only been known between members.

"I've called you here today to let you all know that Avrion is in trouble, more than I originally thought."

Slyvia had been informing the others of the situation between the elders and master knights as much as she could. She had told the others that after the attack on Ray, the elders and master knights went into a panic. Saying that they needed to prepare for war.

"Avrion is split, we don't know who to trust, the only people I trust right now and the only people you should trust right now, are those with the Red wings marking. Anyone can be after your life." Ray thought about Jasmine as he said this.

"I grant you all permission to invite whoever you wish into this group; invite your close friends you want to protect but more importantly invite those you trust. You may all leave now apart from Jack."

The three others bowed down before quickly leaving again while Jack had stayed behind. Now that Harry had left Ray no longer had to keep up his disguise and changed back to himself.

"It amazes me every time I see that?" Jack said. "what do you need boss?"

"I want you to ask my roommates to join Red wings for me, offer them a contract. Right now is the best time. I can see that each and every one of them is frightened after the attack. If they believe this Nes character that was able to fend off the Dark Guild leader offered them protection and power, they're most likely to accept. The most important person we need right now though is Slyvia."

Ray knew that Slyvia was important right now. If she was part of his organisation technically Ray would have a seat at the top of Avrion but Slyvia was cautious and the contract had too many restrictions. Would Slyvia really be able to put her life in the hands of a stranger?

Jack nodded and before he headed off, Ray said one last thing.

"One more thing, don't invite Gary. I need to do that myself."

Ray sat down patiently as he waited for the results of the others. This whole time Ray had been taking it easy at the academy slowly getting 8stronger. After all, he was in no rush to achieve things, he had his goals but he could complete them at any time but Ray now knew he was being naive.

Twice now the Shadow plague had gone after his life and Ray couldn't let this go on any longer. When he fought against his father who was a true infected, Ray felt powerless. Although Ray wasn't sure if all true infected whereas powerful as his father it came to a shock that he wasn't able to lift a finger.

....

Suddenly notification screens started to pop up in front of Ray, as he went to take a look at them, he could see that all of his roommates so far had agreed to join Red wings which was the expected outcome. Now there were only two left Gary and Slyvia.

It would be a while before Jack would be able to invite Slyvia as she was busier than ever these days, which meant now Ray was left to invite Gary.

But before that, there was something else that was more urgent for Ray to do. Something that was on top of his list.

It was time for him to evolve.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144 - Two for one
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jack had been following Slyvia for a while now waiting for the right chance to approach her. It wasn't the fact that students weren't allowed to see Elders or anything, after all, Ray saw Von all the time and Von even acted as Ray's teacher.

It was because Slyvia was currently being called into meeting after meeting. The city was in chaos and now that Slyvia was an Elder, she was required to join these meetings. Finally, Slyvia had just finished her last meeting of the day.

She exited the dark gloomy meeting room and started to stretch out her limbs just outside.

"I think I'm going to go catch up with the others," Slyvia said to Von.

Slyvia no longer stayed in the dorms and was required to sleep in her own separate room in a different part of the academy. The location wasn't known to most and it was to be kept a secret. The living conditions where 10 times better and Slyvia always had a black knight standing outside her door as a guard.

Von would make sure that the black knight was someone he personally knew, as he didn't want to take any chances.

After Slyvia finished her meetings she would make it routine to head to the dorms and hang out with her old roommates for a while. It was the only thing keeping her sane. She would do her best to keep them updated with the latest information, she even told them information that they shouldn't have known.

Although this wasn't too much a problem as technically everyone was an ex elder.

"I will escort you to the dorms, it will be safer that way," Von said with a smile.

Slyvia nodded and the two of them started to head to the student dorms.

Over the last week or so Slyvia had become an Elder which brought her closer to Von. They nearly spent every second together. Von was always patient and gentle with Slyvia when he explained things to her and always chose to stay with her.

Just as the two of them were walking down the hallway that connected the academy with the dorms, Jack stepped out in front of them.

"I need to speak to you Slyvia," Jack said.

Slyvia looked at Von before answering.

"Okay, where should we go?"

"It needs to be alone."

"If it's as important as I think it is, then he comes along as well. I trust him."

Jack thought about it for a while. Ray had asked him to invite as many members into Red wings as possible and Von used to be Ray's teacher so Jack actually so no harm in Von knowing about it.

"Okay."

The three of them went to the dorms and into one of the empty rooms. There were plenty of empty rooms ever since the incident at the Arena and they had been left empty ever since. The three of them checked the room and outside to see if anyone was listening before Jack made his request.

"I'll try to make this quick and short," Jack said, "I've been asked to invite you to join a group called the Red Wings and not only that but by the leader personally."

"Who's the leader?" Slyvia asked.

"I believe you remember the man who saved us at the arena? his name was Nes. He said that the academy is in danger, not just from the shadow plague but from itself as well and you now being an Elder are in danger. If you join the group, he will promise you protection where ever you are."

Slyvia was deep in thought, it was true that her life was in danger. She could see the way the other elders looked at her. If it wasn't for Von then the other elders most likely would have done something to her by now. She also knew that she couldn't rely on Von's protection forever.

"Who is in this group of yours?"

Jack then opened up his status screen that had a list of all the current members. Slyvia and Von couldn't see the status screen but Jack started reading the list and included the names of Slyvia's roommates.

Slyvia was surprised by the list of names she had heard. Nearly all the current members were students. At first, she was sceptical when Jack sad that Nes wanted to protect her and the others but looking at the list it seemed like the ones that had joined so far, were the ones that were in the most danger. Slyvia also saw no way how it would benefit Nes himself.

Finally, Slyvia had made a decision. If her friends were in the group she wanted to be to. She wanted to be able to protect them whenever she could.

"I see you have made up your mind."

Slyvia nodded.

Jack then looked towards Von.

"And you?"

Von had remained silent the whole time not giving his opinion and letting Slyvia decide for herself. The next thing he did even shocked Jack.

Von had nodded also agreeing to join.

"Now I warn you two this isn't your standard group," Jack said as he went onto the system and chose to invite Slyvia and Von.

Suddenly, out thin air, a contract started to form in front of their very eyes. All the details were written out including the fact that the leader at any time, could destroy the contract also destroying their lives.

Slyvia hesitated for a little bit after reading the contract but the old man Von didn't. He wanted something to change in the academy and he was already old, he didn't have much time left on this planet anyway so he wasn't scared of a condition like this.

Instead, Von wanted to meet the man who could perform magic like this. This was something the old man had never seen in his life. Even mages of Roland weren't able to do something like this, a life binding contract.

When Slyvia saw Von sign the contract away, she no longer hesitated and signed the contract as well.

The two of them started to feel a burning sensation on their shoulder, they both looked to see what it was and could see the mark of a Dragonhead.

"That mark is proof that you a part of the Red wings. If you are called upon you must show this mark."

Jack then showed Slyvia and Von a few things about the system. How they could use it to communicate with other members, as well as see everyone who was a member. Slyvia then noticed that Gary and Ray weren't on the list.

"Jack, are you going to invite Ray?"

Slyvia knew the two of them were good friends after the incident at the arena, so she was surprised to not see Ray on there.

Jack thought for a bit before giving his answer. Ray wanted to keep his association with the Red wings a secret. The group's name would soon be spread throughout the world and many would try to find the leader.

"Ray had declined when I brought it up to him, he agreed to help out but didn't want his life in the hand of another."

Slyvia thought that sounded just like Ray.

While Von was busy messing around with the system he couldn't help but feel amazed by its powers. Whatever it took, Von wanted to meet the leader of the Red Wings.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145 - One Time
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Ding

Suddenly, a notification sound could be heard. Ray opened his status screen and smiled at the result.

"looks like Slyvia accepted after all." Ray was pleased with Jack's work, honestly, a part of him thought that he wouldn't be able to do it but somehow, he had managed to. Just then though Ray also spotted another name.

"Von…. THE OLD MAN!" Ray couldn't believe his eyes.

If Jack had told him he had invited the old man, Ray would have been shocked but to find out the old man actually accepted. Without even realising it one of his teachers had become a follower of his. Ray felt a little guilty but he had no choice. The best thing to do was to keep his identity secret.

Everyone was already trying to kill him and he didn't need more people.

The next day once training had finished, Ray had decided to go look for Slyvia. He was currently waiting outside in the hall just around the corner from one of the meeting rooms. Ray had learnt from Jack, Slyvia's schedule so now it was easy for Ray to bump into Slyvia whenever he wanted.

The meeting finally finished and Slyvia was burnt out. So much information had been shoved into her head over the last few days and she was really struggling with it all.

"I'm sorry." Von said, "I wish I could do more."

Slyvia but on a brave smile.

"It's alright, I'll get the hang of it soon don't worry."

As Slyvia turned the corner, she suddenly saw Ray standing there. Slyvia quickly turned and went back behind the wall. She then peeked around the corner just to check if it was really Ray.

"It is him, is he waiting for me?" Sylvia thought.

Slyvia then started to look around her, she finally spotted a shiny metal ornament on the side that was part of the academy decoration.

"Look at me," Sylvia said as she stared into the shiny ornament and started to sort out her hair.

Von then cleared his throat to signal that he was still there.

Slyvia face then went bright red, she had completely forgotten he was right next to her. Slyvia took in a deep breath and then walked out into the hallway.

"Hey Ray," She said as she waved, "What brings you here?"

"I need to ask a favour."

Slyvia, Von and Ray decided to head to the roof of the dorm which was Ray's favourite spot. Ray liked this spot not only because of the view but it allowed him to keep an eye on the people around him better.

Ray then cut straight to the chase.

"I need permission to leave the city walls."

"That's going to be quite difficult, the other elders are keeping an eye on you more than anyone else, why do you need to go out so bad? maybe if you give a reason, I can convince them."

Ray thought about what to say for a while until he had finally decided on what he wanted to say.

"I need to get stronger; you see Slyvia I have this ability. I'm able to absorb Ki from living creatures and add it to my own."

This was the most Ray was willing to tell them. Slyvia had already experienced Ray giving her Ki so it wouldn't come as so much of a surprise and Ray suspected that Von had an idea after what happened to the students in the arena.

Of course, this was a lie, Ray's body currently couldn't handle any more mana or Ki, what he needed was the beast's crystals to evolve his own body.

"So it's true then," Von said.

"We both talked about the possibility of this." Slyvia said, "Is there anything else you can do?"

Ray shook his head.

"I need to prepare myself; you know I'm a target and I need to get more powerful. The fastest way to do that is for me to go hunting."

Slyvia thought about it for a while, in truth she currently thought that perhaps outside the city was safer for them all, then in the city at the moment.

"I'll try my best."

"Thank you."

A few hours later and Slyvia went to the dorm to meet up with the others and Ray once more, the two of them left the room and went to the roof again to speak.

"Me and Von talked about it, we think it's dangerous to ask permission from the academy at the moment. There was no way they would accept a request like this but we have come up with a solution. Von is a friend with one of the merchants that regularly visits the city for supplies. He is also close with the guards on shift at a certain time of day."

Slyvia then lifted her hand and showed one finger.

"One time, this will only work one time so you need to make the most out of it. The merchant has agreed to hide you in his cargo next week. He will return the next day but this is the only time we can do this."

One time was all that Ray needed. Ray was currently at 79 intermediate points so he only needed to hunt a few more beasts to level up. If he could, he would like to also obtain enough crystals so Noir could also level up but he was the current priority at the moment.

"Oh, and Ray, there was more thing, be on the lookout around you, Von told me that the academy has someone watching you most of the time these days. They call him the Lurker."

Slyvia's words had brought back a memory of Ray's. He had heard this name once before from Jasmine. When they had escaped the red door, Jasmine said Sir K had been informed by the Lurker. Just who was this Lurker?

Then another thought came back to Ray, perhaps this man was the same person who was at the library at that time. If that was true then this Lurker person was bad for Ray, as his dragon eyes ability had no way of detecting him but no matter what Ray needed to leave the city.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146 - Dragons Roar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a few days had passed, it was finally the day where Ray would go out of the city. Ray was confident in Slyvia's and Von's plan. If they hadn't come up with something like this, Ray had planned to use his transform skill to disguise himself as someone else.

The only problem with this was currently the city was on high alert. The city was monitoring every single person that came in and out of the city. So even if Ray disguised himself as a merchant, he would need all sorts of ID to pull it off and even knights weren't currently allowed outside the city unless they went out for a mission.

Ray woke up early that day and prepared all the things that he would need. He double-checked his endless void and made sure everything was inside there. He went to his training, as usual, to not arouse suspicion but this time once training had finished, he was to meet Slyvia and Von at the merchants centre in the city.

The merchants centre was a big giant warehouse, where merchants would come and drop off supplies in exchange for coin. The knights working there were mainly Red sashes who had been given an extra job. Inside the merchant centre, there were specific bays for each merchant, some were small and some were big depending on how wealthy the merchant was.

Currently standing outside one of the bigger bay's was Von and a fat merchant named Billy. Ray had Just arrived and Von gave a brief introduction to Billy.

"Can we trust him?" Ray asked Von.

"Huh, don't worry about that, me and Billy go way back, you can trust him as much as you trust me."

Before Ray would have even been suspicious to trust Von but now that Von had joined the Red wings Ray had more confidence in him. Ray nodded and proceeded to get into the back of the carriage.

Inside the carriage, there were several boxes that contained weapons inside.

One of the boxers were bigger than the others and that was what Ray would hide in.

Ray was now safely tucked into the box near the back of the carriage. He could feel the bumps and the carriage moving about. If it wasn't for his Dragon eyes skill, Ray wouldn't have a clue where they were but he could see the carriage moving through the city.

Finally, they had arrived at the city gate. One of the knights on guard went into the back of the cavern but didn't actually check any of the boxes like he was supposed to. He stood in the back of the carriage for a few minutes, before leaving and giving the okay to Billy.

Von beforehand had made sure that the guard who was on duty was one of his own men and told him of the situation. Von had many loyal knights around the city that would do whatever he asked over the other elders. Ray seeing the connections that Von had, it gave Ray an idea.

When he came back from his trip, he could call a meeting between all of the Red wing members and grant them permission to invite others. At the end of the day, it didn't matter if Ray knew them or not. The contract would force them to be loyal.

The carriage continued to travel for a while until they had finally reached a path in the centre of a forest, far away from the eyes of the city.

"You can come out now!" Billy shouted.

Ray quickly left the carriage and went to thank the man.

"Are you sure you don't want me to take you anywhere specific?" Billy asked.

"It's okay you have already done more than enough. I have made my own arrangements for travel."

Billy Then bowed down to Ray.

"We shall meet at the same time here tomorrow then."

Ray then waited until Billy was finally out of sight before summoning Noir. Noir was a lot faster than any horse so there was no need for him to cause trouble for the merchant. Ray climbed on top of Noir's back and headed into the direction of the swamp hunting ground.

Ray had already gained many intermediate crystals from the foothills and the Bug forest, so there was no need for him to go back there. The system would only give him so many crystals per creature he slew. The most important thing was for there to be a variety of different beasts for him to slay and the swamp was the best place for that.

The journey to the swamp didn't take long with Noir and after an hour of riding, they had finally arrived. Ray de summoned Noir, as the thick mud water was hard for her to travel in, making it harder for her to fight. He didn't want to have to worry about her while fighting.

Ray opened up his endless void and changed his equipment into the same equipment that Nes used. Ray then also transformed himself into Nes. Although No knights were currently out here hunting, there were still adventures from several guilds that would come here from time to time to also hunt.

Nes's identity was that of an adventurer himself, this way if anyone saw Ray, they wouldn't question him.

Before when Ray hunted at the foothills with only around 25 points, he was able to defeat an intermediate beast in one blow.

This gave Ray an idea.

Suddenly a clone of himself appeared. The clone took the appearance of whatever Ray currently looked like, so right now there were two versions of Nes. Using the doppelganger skill used up half of Ray's mana but with 50 points left Ray was still powerful enough to deal with an intermediate beast in one shot and this would also be true for his clone which took 50 per cent of his current stats, giving the clone 25 points of mana.

This would allow Ray to hunt with twice the speed.

Before giving the clone a command to go off hunting, there was more thing he decided to do.

Unexpectedly, Ray then let a huge Roar that was as loud as thunder. The sound echoed throughout the entire swamp. Ray started to feel his body get slightly stronger as a thin red aura surrounded his body.

But he wasn't the only one that felt this, back at the academy every single member of the Red Wing's suddenly felt their body feel stronger and lighter. At the same time, a notification screen popped up in front of them.

Everyone currently stared at their screen in disbelief but it wasn't the stat boost that stood out to them. It was the name of the skill itself.

"Dragon's roar"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147 - Return of the dragon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back at the academy, inside the dorms. The group was currently relaxing in their room together. Most people would usually go out around the city once their training had finished but these days the group often went straight to their dorms.

This was because each one of them was frightened about what could happen to them. They were scared of the possibility of being assassinated while outside, so whenever they could, they would remain indoors.

Gary and Ray were the only ones that seemed to not be too bothered about the things happening around them. Gary would spend most of his time training or at the library researching and Ray had always been a solo person.

Everyone was in mid-conversation and talking about whether they thought the city would be at war soon like many of the rumours had suggested. When suddenly, each one of them received a notification at the same time. It was the notification about the Dragon's roar.

The room went silent as everyone read the notification.

"Dra…dra..dragon's roar!" Kyle shouted. "What is this, who is this Nes person?"

Monk then lifted up his arm to take a closer look at the marking on his shoulder.

"Now that I think about it, doesn't this look a bit like a dragon's head?"

Everyone then proceeded to look at the marking and suddenly realised, it did indeed resemble that of a dragon's head.

"Wait isn't the group called Red wings." Martha said, "What have we gotten ourselves into?"

Meanwhile, Slyvia was currently in the middle of a meeting with Von. She had seen the notification screen but she wasn't able to react to it. Slowly though Slyvia was starting to piece things together, the Dragonhead marking, the name of the group, it was all related to the legendary Dragon Sen.

Slyvia thought the most likely reason for Nes to do this, was to cause a stir in the world. The dragon was known as a powerful force but hadn't been seen for the last 100 years. If there was anything that could go up against these powerhouses such as the Dark guild, the Empire and the Shadow plague,? then the only thing she could think of was a dragon.

Von on the other hand, who was standing beside Slyvia was shaking with excitement. He had a different view of the dragon compared to everyone else. There was a reason why the Divine being had named the founders of Avrion Dragon knights.

****

Back at the swamp, Ray was currently stood in muddy water that covered his entire boots. He had just finished activating his skill, Dragon's roar. Ray hadn't tested the skill out before so he was surprised to see that skill made Ray do some sought of battle cry. It seemed like he had no control over it either, it was compulsory if he wanted to activate the skill.

Suddenly, Ray's Dragon eyes could see red auras all heading in his direction. The Dragon Roar had attracted all the Beasts in the area. The basic tier beasts seemed to have been too intimidated by the roar and instead of coming towards Ray, were scurrying off.

The only thing coming towards Ray now was intermediate beasts and this was exactly what Ray wanted.

The fastest of the beasts that were approaching him travelled in the muddy water. It was faster than all the others and there were six of them coming from a different direction.

"Ready," Ray said to his clone.

The clone nodded and took a fighting stance.

When the beasts were only a few feet away, they all jumped out at Ray and his clone at the same time. The beasts had a long wavy body and stood 8 feet tall and about 2 feet wide. They were Battle Snakes.

Ray wasn't worried though. The Battle snake opened its mouth wide with its piercing fangs, hoping to inject its prey with its deadly poison but Ray stood there completely still. Before the snake could even reach him he had grabbed the snake right underneath its head and immediately squeezed as hard as he could crushing the small bones in the snake's neck, a near-impossible task unless you had great strength.

The other snakes continued to attack him and Ray dealt with each one with a single blow. Once all the snakes were dealt with, there were still plenty of other creatures left that were coming after him. Crocodile like creatures, Giant Hornets, Mud golems and so on.

The beasts were just too easy for Ray to deal with, defeating all of them with his clone.

Behind one of the trees in the swamp was a brother and sister pair named Candy and Tuffy. They had just recently joined a guild and had become adventures. They were out hunting in the swamp for their first time when they heard a loud roar. The basic tier beast they were fighting suddenly ran off in the opposite direction.

Candy wanted to get out of there as soon as possible, she was afraid that it would be a high tier beast they wouldn't be able to deal with but Tuffy let his curiosity get the better of him. They had grown up near the swamp area their whole life, so he was confident he could outrun whatever beast they would come across in the swamp.

That's when the two of them spotted Ray and his clone. They hid behind the tree watching the adventurer deal with each creature with ease.

"They must both be at least A class adventures to deal with them like that?" Candy said.

"Oh please, he's clearly being reckless, he will tire out eventually," Tuffy replied.

The two continued to watch Ray fight the beats until eventually, they were none left. They stood there in awe, they wanted to run out and ask who the man was. It was best for them to be on good terms with an adventurer as powerful as this but they weren't sure if the adventurer would treat them kindly.

There were many stories of Na?ve adventures dying to bandits and so on. While the two were debating on what to do, they suddenly heard the man speak.

"You two can come out from behind that tree," Ray said

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148 - Slip up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing the adventures voice, Candy and Tuffy were wondering how on earth he was able to see them. The two of them were very confident in their stealth skills and they had approached the area when Ray was busy fighting the intermediate beasts.

Ray didn't have time to worry or look around in the swampy area to notice them. Of course, the reason why Ray had spotted them was because of his dragon eyes. It allowed him to see right through the tree they were hiding behind. Ray didn't worry about them as their auras weren't strong.

Suddenly, Tuffy decided to come out from behind the tree and immediately bowed down to Ray.

"I'm sorry we didn't mean to spy on you, we were going to help if you got into any kind of trouble sir."

Ray looked at Tuffy standing in front of him. At most the kid looked about 12. Ray was surprised that kids this young were out hunting in an area like this.

"What are you two doing out here?" Ray asked

Candy's heart started to beat faster as she was still hidden behind the tree. She was wondering if Ray knew she was there, and now it was quite obvious he did. Candy also then quickly came out and bowed down.

"We were out here hunting some basic tier beasts; we were completing a quest for our guild." Candy said. "Suddenly, the beast we were hunting ran away and we heard a loud roar come from this direction."

Ray didn't know much about how guilds or the human world worked. He had taken a different path than most, going straight from his home town to being schooled in an isolated town, to finally ending up at Avrion.

This wasn't the typical route for most kids. Candy and Tuffy's parents were incredibly sick. They had no choice but to join a guild to complete some quest in exchange for some coin but their skills weren't great and at best all they could do was be careful and hunt basic tier beasts.

Ray then looked at his status screen. From battling the intermediate beast Ray managed to obtain around 10 intermediate crystals and he had defeated around 20 beasts. Meaning that 10 crystals still remained inside the beasts he had slain.

Ray then looked at the two kids in front of him. They weren't well dressed and their weapons and armour looked like they had been taken from a junkyard. Without realising it, Ray started to stare at Candy for a while.

Candy quickly hid behind her brother thinking that the adventurer was planning to do something to her. Ray then snapped out of it and opened up his endless void.

A space portal opened up next to Ray and he reached in to grab some equipment for the kids.

"Here take this." Ray then gave Tuffy a sword while also handing Candy a dagger. The two of them without hesitation accepted the items. This made Ray worry a little as they were too trusting even though they had just met him.

The equipment Ray had given them was from the martial arts hall. Ray had obtained many different weapons from there during the fight with the Dark guild, he had originally planned to sell most of it but it wouldn't be a big deal for Ray to give away a couple of basic tier weapons.

Tuffy was busy swinging about the new weapon. It was lighter and a lot sharper than the sword he was using before. While Candy immediately went to thank Ray.

"Thank you, sir."

"Don't worry about it, Amy."

"Amy… but my name's Candy."

Ray wanted to suddenly go crawl into a hole. He tried his best to avoid an awkward situation and started walking away from the two to carve out the crystals from the beast.

"Wait!" Tuffy called out running after the man. "We can't just take these things for free, let us help you."

Ray looked at all the beast's corpses around him. Carving a beast and taking out its core took a while and Ray didn't even know which ones contained a core or not. Even with the help of his clone, it would take some time.

"Fine, but you can only keep ten per cent of the cores you take out."

Candy and Tuffy's eyes lit up. They were actually offering to help for free and never expected a reward but this was something that they couldn't turn down. With their strength, they would have never been able to hunt down intermediate beasts unless it was already wounded from fighting something else.

The two of them got to work and went looking for Crystal cores as quick as they could. While Ray was busy carving one of the beasts, he was wondering why he was being so kind to them. Ray instinctively usually treated everyone he met as a danger but perhaps because these kids looked so powerless to him, he didn't feel any threat what so ever.

Just like how Human's saw ants. It was something he could deal with any time, so if the ants wanted to help Ray instead of hurting him, he would let them. Then Ray noticed that he kept looking in the direction of Candy.

He thought back to his slip up he had made earlier.

"Amy would have looked like her at that age."

Once they were done carving out the crystal cores the two kids handed Ray all of the crystals they could find and then Ray threw one of the cores back to them.

Tuffy couldn't stop staring at the shiny crystal core.

"What are you going to do now mister?" Candy asked.

Ray had enough crystals for himself to evolve but he needed more for Noir. The Dragon's roar buff had ended long ago and he could only use the skill once a day.

"If you want, we can lead you to some more hunting areas." Candy said, "We grew up around here so we know the area pretty well."

Although Ray had his dragon eyes skill it would only allow him to see so far and currently, he couldn't see any life around him.

"We have to be careful though," Tuffy suddenly said, "We need to make sure we stay out of the Mud Carb's territory."

"Mud Crab?" Ray said as his interest grew.

"Yeah, it's the strongest thing in this area."

Ray thought about the kid's suggestion for a little while before agreeing to their proposal. Ray needed to get stronger as quickly as possible and who knows how long it would take him to search the swamp for intermediate creatures.

The three of them then decided to move deeper into the swamp. While the kids wanted to do everything they could to avoid the Mud Crab, Ray had a different idea.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149 - Mud Crab
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Candy and Tuffy escorted Ray to a section of the swamp, Ray asked them several questions about this so-called Mud Crab. The Mud Crab was apparently the big boss of the swamp, similar to the winged beast that stayed on top of the mountain, only the Mud crab was a lot weaker.

In hunting areas, there was generally one creature that was stronger than the rest. The stronger the leader was the stronger creatures it would attract around it as well. If the leader was only an intermediate class, then that area would most likely only be filled with basic tier creatures.

This was the case of the Black forest that was near Ray's village when he was younger. The wolf Ray had slain was also the boss of the forest, which was why the forest was filled with only basic tier creatures.

From the description the kids were giving of the Mud Crab, Ray could guess what tier it was at. The kids could see that Ray wasn't taking them seriously. They were trying their best to talk about how scary the Mud Crab was.

"I promise you the mud Crab's shell is unbreakable," Tuffy said while Candy nodded in agreement.

"No one in our guild has been able to defeat it yet." Candy also added.

"Oh really?" Ray replied, "So let me ask you, what tier is this Mud Crab?"

"It's an advanced tier beast." Tuffy Replied.

Ray had to stop himself from blurting out with laughter. He had guessed that the beast might be a king or super tier but not advanced. The kids knew that Ray was strong but didn't think he was able to defeat an advanced tier beast. The difference between each tier for beasts were great.

Even if an army of basic tiers tried to defeat an intermediate tier, they would stand no chance and it was same going up the ranks.

If Ray was to guess his current strength right now, he would put it at that of the bottom of the king tier beasts. When Ray fought the minotaur underneath Avrion, Sir K was the one who had finished him off but if Ray was to fight it now, Ray thought he would most likely win.

So dealing with an Advanced tier Beast would be no problem for him.

The kids took Ray's silence as a small victory. They thought they had managed to convince Ray of how powerful the beast truly was but it was the opposite. Ray was hoping that the beast would be at least at the king level so he could see how much he had grown. Fighting against an advanced tier beast meant nothing to him at the moment.

"Nes, can I ask you a question?" Candy said politely.

"Go on."

"Why hasn't your brother said a word?" Candy asked while pointing to Ray's clone that was silently following them from behind.

"Oh, I completely forgot about him." Ray clicked his fingers and suddenly the clone vanished into thin air.

The kids rubbed their eyes thinking they were seeing things.

"It's a skill of mine."

Ray decided to de summon his clone as he realised there was a downside when using the clone. The clone would stay out as long as it was still alive but if Ray didn't deactivate the skill, his mana points would never increase above 50/100. It was as if his mana was constantly powering the clone.

"You mean you're a mage, wow that's so cool I've never seen one before!" Tuffy shouted. "But you look like a warrior?"

Ray laughed nervously.

"I'm a fighter mage, I use weapons and magic."

The kids seemed to be even more interested in Ray now.

Finally, the kids had led Ray to a part of the swamp that was mostly filled with just water. It looked like a giant lake of muddy water while the outskirts of it were filled with trees and vines. Inside the lake though, there were several green boulders.

"You see those there?" Tuffy said pointing at the boulder closest to them. "They're called Green clops, if you get close to them, they'll start moving all of a sudden. This place is perfect for anyone who is looking to train, as they only react when someone gets close. This way adventures can fight them one by one rather than a whole horde of them."

Ray started to walk towards the green boulder and just like Tuffy had said, the boulder started to shake and move. A single red eye had opened on the top part of the boulder and suddenly the boulder stood up. It was covered in mud making it difficult to see what its body looked like, all that could be seen was its giant red eye.

"Careful, there known for its hard…" Before Candy could finish her sentence Ray had punched the giant mud ball and caused rocks and mud to splatter all over.

Ray was pleased with the hunting area the kids had shown him. It was rare for creatures to bundle up like this unless it was in their nature like bee type creatures. Ray got lucky last time due to the Dragon roar attracting everything around him. So, for them to know of a place like this was practically a gold mine for him.

Ray continued going to the boulders dealing with each one as easy as he did the first. The kids got to work quickly as it was more difficult for them to find the Crystal cores due to the way Ray was dealing with them. Parts of the Green clops would splatter everywhere and into the mud, making it hard for the kids to find the right body part containing the crystal.

The muddy lake was gigantic and it looked like there were about 100 green boulders. After Ray had defeated 30 of them in the first half of the lake, he suddenly stopped. The kids were wondering what had happened.

It was simple though, Ray was no longer gaining any Intermediate crystals from the Green clops, so there was no need for him to continue killing beasts.

The kids thought Ray's actions were weird. He had defeated each of them with ease and didn't look like he was tired. If he continued to kill the beasts then he could go on to sell their crystal cores.

"Come on let's get out of here," Ray said.

Suddenly though, in the centre of the lake, a loud rumbling sound could be heard. Small waves were starting to be pushed out towards them.

"What going on!" Candy shouted.

Tuffy was too frightened to say anything, he was just shaking in fear pointing at the centre of the lake.

When Ray turned around to get a look at what was behind him, he saw a Giant Crab covered in mud. It was the Mud Crab.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150 - F class Tag
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Candy and Tuffy stood still with their bodies shaken from the sight of the Mud Crab. The Crab was as big as a house and its body was completely covered in mud apart form it's two claws.

"What are you two still doing here!" Ray shouted. "Get out of here!"

The kids tried to move but their legs just wouldn't listen to them. The Crab then reached out its big claw and tried to snap the two kids' bodies in half.

When the Crab's pincers had already surrounded the kids, all it needed to do now was close its claws.

*Snap

Candy screamed while Tuffy held on tight to her.

"Do you two want to die!?" Ray said as his two hands were held up against the two pincers.

The Crab was using all its strength to try to close its claws on the man in front of it like he had done to all those before but for the first time, the Crab was powerless. The Crab looked into Ray's eyes and it could genuinely feel the power emitting from them, it was scared.

It knew it was looking into a being who was more powerful than itself. The Crab started to ease the pressure on its claws and started to walk backwards away from Ray.

"What is going on?" Tuffy asked.

"It looks almost scared; I've never seen that before." Candy said.

But Ray wasn't going to let the Grab go off that easy. Now that the Grab no longer had its claws on Ray, his hands were free. He placed both of them into the muddy water and then activated his skill "Ice bind."

The muddy water started to turn into a trail of Ice until it had eventually reached the grabs leg's that were hidden underwater. The front two of its legs were frozen. The ice wasn't powerful though because of the low points in Ray's ice attribute but he didn't need it to be.

Ray just needed the Crab to stay still for a single moment. Ray Gathered the strength in his gauntlets and punched it in the centre of its body. Suddenly, cracks formed across its whole body. The crab was badly hurt but it was indeed an advanced creature, one punch wouldn't be enough.

Ray continued to repeatedly punch the Crab each time damaging its hard shell more and more until eventually, a piece had broken and flew off. Finally, a notification screen had appeared.

Ray kissed at his teeth as he saw the notification screen pop up. Ray was hoping that the system wouldn't have given him a crystal for this one, as what he needed more than anything right now was a weapon. Ray still had the spear from Killer but Ray wasn't very skilled at using a spear.

He missed using a sword. Although the gauntlets were powerful, they had a problem with them. They were a brute force weapon and were blunt. If Ray had a high tier sword during the fight with the crab, he probably would have been able to deal with it a lot quicker slicing the Crab in half. Instead, he had to attack the Crab several times with his fist.

Tuffy immediately Ran up to Ray once the crab's body had fallen into the muddy water.

"Wow that was amazing, what rank are you? you must at least be an A-Class adventurer."

"A class?" Ray didn't know much about how guild's ranks worked, although they did teach this at school Ray would only pay attention to the things that interested in him.

Tuffy started to look all over Ray as if he was trying to find something.

"Huh, I don't see your tag anywhere?"

"Tag?" Ray replied

"You know this," Tuffy said as he pulled out a chain that was around his neck. At the end of the chain was a dog tag made of metal that was Red in colour.

"You see mine and Candy's are red, which means we're F class adventures."

"Oh yes, now I remember I lost it; I must get a new one when I can."

Ray was trying his best to cause no suspicion but then realised if he truly wanted to have this secret identity of an adventurer, he would have to learn about them. To make his story more believable it would be best if Ray joined a Guild under the adventurer's name Nes. But that would have to wait for now, while there were still things going on at Avrion.

Tuffy smiled and then paused before going over to the Mud Crab. Although it was dead and unmoving Tuffy still remembered that he and his sister had nearly died from it.

"Don't worry about getting the crystal form it, I already retrieved it during the fight," Ray said.

The three of them then started to head back out of the swamp area.

"So, what are you going to do now Nes?" Candy asked.

Ray now had a total of 25 Intermediate crystals he had obtained from the system and 22 intermediate crystals in his endless void. He was pretty sure that this amount would be enough for him and Noir to evolve. All he needed to do now was to find a quiet place.

"If you don't have anything to do you can come back to our town with us, you can get the reward money for destroying that Crab?"

Ray wasn't interested in getting a reward for defeating the crab. He was more interested in getting a room for the night where he could sleep and be alone.

Ray then asked the kids where this town was and it wasn't too far from where he was meant to meet the merchant the next day. It was getting late and the sun was starting to set, Beasts were a lot more active at night and Ray needed to be in an absolute safe spot when he was evolving. Last time he was unable to move from the pain and couldn't imagine if something tried to attack him.

"Okay, sounds like a good idea," Ray replied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151 - A New Evolution
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two kids along with Ray had finally arrived at the nearby town. The town was quite small compared to Avrion City. Which was expected but it was still big compared to Ray's village. The estimated population of the town was about a 1000 people.

The sun had now completely set and the streets were lit up with light crystals in lamps. It was quite a beautiful sight Ray thought.

Because of the time, the kids needed to head back to their family as soon as possible, otherwise, their parents would start to worry. They had agreed to take Ray to the guild early in the morning before he was due to set off.

Before heading home, the Kid's took Ray to a nearby Inn to sleep for the night. When Ray arrived at the desk, he realised that he had no coins on him to pay for the room for the night.

"Do you accept Beast crystals?" Ray asked

"Only Coin!" The middle-aged women behind the desk said.

Candy then pulled some coins out of a little purse she had and put two bronze coins on the desk.

"Is this okay Auntie?"

The women looked at Ray and scoffed at him.

"Getting a kid to pay for your room." The women mumbled as she walked off to get a key.

"I'm sorry, I forgot to bring money out with me," Ray said

"It's okay," Candy said with a smile, "The three crystals you gave us will bring us a lot more than that."

After Ray was handed the room Key the two kids waved goodbye and agreed to meet Ray at the Inn bright and early in the morning.

Ray entered the Inn room which was pretty bare. All there was in the room was a bed and a desk. It felt like he was back at the dorms in the academy. Ray sat on the bed and made sure no one was around him before deactivating his transform skill.

"Finally," Ray said.

The transform skill didn't take up much mana. If Ray wasn't fighting the amount of mana used would be gained back, which meant he could keep up the Nes form forever. It was still a strange feeling though; he could feel when the mana left his body and when it returned. It was as if he was consistently eating all the time and then going to the toilet.

Ray then opened up the status screen, he currently held 25 intermediate crystals that he was able to absorb. First, he would give the Crystals to Noir and save 5 for himself just in case Noir didn't evolve.

Last time Noir took a while to evolve, Ray didn't know the reason for this as his own evolution was almost instant.

Ray then started to feed the crystals to Noir one by one and slowly saw Noir's numbers go up until finally.

Elemental wolf.

The wolf will be given a random element attribute. Depending on the attributes given the wolf will have a resistance to that element, as well as perform certain attacks with that element.

Battle Wolf

This is a unique class of wolf that is only available to wolf's that have an "Owner" The wolf can equip weapons and battle armour made from Beast crystals. Note: Armour must be specially made for the wolf.

Ray looked at the two options and was struggling on which one to choose. The elemental wolf could be powerful but that really depended on what element it would get. If it got a rare element like thunder then it was defiantly worth it but it wasn't a guarantee.

The second option interested Ray quite a bit. There were search things as Tamer Mages. These mages were able to tame Beasts that had weaker magical ability then itself, so it wasn't unusual for someone to have a pet Beast but was rare. The thing was, Ray had never seen a magical beast wearing crystal armour before, this was a first for him.

After thinking over it for a while, Ray decided that Option B would be beast. The better equipment he could get for the Wolf only meant he was able to get stronger.

Last time Noir had taken years to evolve, Ray was hoping it wouldn't take that long this time as Noir had proved not only useful but a good companion for trips when he was on his own.

Now it was finally time for Ray to use the crystals on himself.

Ray started to absorb the crystals one by one and he could see his points slowly going up.

...

And finally.

Unlike with Noir, Ray had no option to choose from and the evolution had started immediately. A burning sensation could be felt throughout his body. Ray was doing everything he could to hold in his voice.

The pain seemed to be worse this time compared to before, he could see his bones breaking down forming again, his muscles being torn apart, forming again and again. It was the worst pain Ray had ever felt in his life.

Ray had clenched his hands so hard together that his nails had pierced his skin and blood was starting to drip onto the white bedsheets.

Then suddenly, the pain started to go away. Ray could start to feel a burst of energy. Once again all of the senses in his body had improved. He could hear the people from several rooms over. The people out on the streets.

His senses were currently too heightened and he needed a minute or two before he could adjust to everything. Then finally Ray opened his eyes.

Last time Ray had gone through an evolution his body hadn't changed but this time, when he looked down at his arms, they were different.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152 - Race Change
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray looked at the message then suddenly had a thought; did this mean that the evolution had a chance of failing. If it did, then would this mean that Ray would die? Or would he simply not evolve or even could no longer evolve. It was a message that hadn't appeared last time.

The system was truly a strange thing.

Then another notification had popped up.

Ray was no longer a Dragon knight but now was a new race called, Draco. With the Race change, Ray quickly then looked at his body to see if he noticed any differences. The first thing that stood out to Ray was his arms.

Where they used to be a clear smooth skin on his arms, it was now replaced with a scale pattern. The scales started from his hands and slowly started to fade as it went up to his arms but not only that. Ray had what looked like fins on the side of his forearms. Only, when Ray went to touch them, they were as hard as a rock.

Inside the bathroom, Ray was looking at himself in a small mirror to see if there were any other changes to his body. The mirror showed that his body had mostly retained its shape apart from the thin like things on his arm but with a single look people could tell he wasn't fully human.

Ray had the biggest smile on his face. At last, he was slowly turning back into a Dragon. Ray then thought of the possibility with each evolution he would slowly start to get his Dragon form back.

There were a few more changes that Ray had noticed, when using his dragon eyes skill on himself he could see his aura had changed. The red aura had grown in size compared to the yellow aura. The yellow aura still dominated most of Ray's body though.

When Ray left the bathroom there was one more thing that shocked him more than anything. It was his bedsheets. He lifted up the bedsheet and looked at the stained marks on them. There were small droplets of blood markings but these weren't bright red like a human, it was darker than usual.

Ray thought back to when he was in the middle of his evolution, he remembered trying to bear through the pain and while doing so he ended up digging his own fingers into the palm of his hand, causing blood to be drawn.

When Ray went to look at his palms they had completely healed, there wasn't even a mark, suggesting that he had been hurt. Ray then put his thumb into his mouth and bit down just hard enough to cause blood to be drawn.

A dark red colour could be seen. Almost too dark to notice it was blood. This was a problem. One of the clear differences between humans and beats was their blood colour. Black blood indicated it was from a beast while Red blood was from humans.

Ray could use his transform skill to cover up the markings on his arms but there was nothing he could do about his blood. For now, it was okay as the blood was just darker than usual which wouldn't arouse suspicion but, in the future, Ray would truly have to worry about this.

After finishing his evolution Ray went to look at the time, he noticed that is was already 6:00 Am and the sun was starting to rise. He had been going through the evolution a lot longer than he had thought.

Ray decided to get as much sleep as he could before meeting up with the kids.

A few hours later and Ray could hear knocking on his door outside.

"Sir, there are some children outside who are waiting for you." A maid said through the door.

Ray quickly got out of bed and instantly transformed into the man named Nes. The kids were currently waiting downstairs in the Inn. The reception area doubled up as a restaurant for guests and the kids were currently eating a large meal.

As Ray walked down the stairs the kids couldn't help but stare at him. They had only seen him yesterday but something about Ray felt different. The kids couldn't quite put their finger on it though. Tuffy then waved to Ray, Ray spotted the two and started to walk over and sat down next to them.

"Did you pay for this yourselves?" Ray asked, he knew the two weren't well off just from the equipment they had and he also noticed that their food was a lot better than all the guest sitting around them.

When Ray was walking past, he had heard the guest mumbling about the kids wondering if they had stolen some money to be able to afford something like that.

As soon as they saw Ray walk over to them their opinion quickly changed. Nes looked like a wealthy adventurer, especially with his high-end armour and Gauntlets. If he had paid for the meals they could understand.

"We cashed in those crystals you gave us and got 3 Silver for them." Candy said.

There were four types of coins available, a Bronze coin was worth a 100 pence. Pence were small pieces of coins made out of stone but had the stamp of the kingdom on it. A silver coin was worth a 1000 pence or ten bronze coins and finally, a gold coin was worth 10 silvers.

If one was to trade in a basic tier crystal they would receive one bronze coin, if it was an intermediate crystal they would receive one silver and finally anything else above would be paid in gold.

The Armadillo chest piece that Ray had bought had the price tag of 10,000 on it. Meaning you could either pay 10 silver or 1 gold. Or you could even do what Ray had done and traded in ten intermediate crystals.

The amount shocked Ray but not because of how high it was but because they had been given the same prices, he got at Avrion. Students were meant to either get a 10 percent discount or 10 percent increase when trading in stones, which Ray had never once received but thanks to Slyvia the Blacksmith never charged him for forging the equipment so he couldn't complain now.

The kids had finished eating their meal and then Candy asked.

"Well, should we head to the Guildhall then?"

Ray nodded and the three of them headed off to the Guildhall together.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153 - Guild hall
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two kids and Ray walked through town to the Guildhall. It was a unique view for Ray, unlike Avrion the town was filled with ordinary citizens, merchants and adventures who wore all different levels of equipment. Just like Tuffy had said, nearly all of them had their tag out on display.

There were a few adventures Ray noticed that didn't have their tag out on display but those ones generally had worse equipment than others. Most likely they were wearing a red tag which was the lowest Rank of F class, so they didn't want to have it out for embarrassment.

At last, they had finally reached the Guildhall. It was the biggest building in town and stood right in the centre. Upon entering the Guildhall there were many long tables with groups of adventures sat down on them.

Then to the right there was a huge bulletin board that was split up into different sections, above each section was a letter then went from F to S. The further down you went the fewer quest they were as they got harder.

Ray looked at the bulletin board and noticed there actually wasn't any quest past B class on the board, in fact, there was only one on there and that was to defeat the Mud crab.

"Aren't they any harder quest?" Ray asked.

"In a small town like this?" Tuffy replied, "The quests are paid by the town's taxes, that's how the Guildhall make their money. Because this is a small town, they probably wouldn't be able to afford anything too expensive. Besides, there's nothing around this area that would warrant anything above B class in the first place."

As Ray carried on moving along, he noticed there was a separate bulletin board which was a fraction of the size, on top was written the word "Guild quests".

Tuffy noticed that Ray was looking at the bulletin board strangely up and down.

"Oh, you must have never seen one of these before," Tuffy said, "It would make sense if you come from a big guild. You see this Guildhall is owned by the government and its part of the town, so it doesn't belong to a specific guild. Some quest they receive will be too much for one person to handle so they put up guild quests. These quests are based on your guild Rank though which is separate to an individual Rank."

Ray continued to ask Tuffy questions as he was suddenly interested in these sorts of things. His Red Wings needed to gain influence not just at Avrion but around the whole world and what better way to do it then to create his own guild.

Tuffy explained to Ray that for each quest someone completed you would get two types of points, Guild points and Ranking points. You were only allowed to take quests of your rank and once you reached enough points you would be upgraded to the next rank.

Ray also learnt that there were two types of Guildhalls. Depending on what town or city you were in there might be more than one Guildhall. One was a government-run Guildhall that was owned and funded by several merchants around the continent. This meant that the Guildhall didn't belong to any Kingdom or empire but the system was recognized no matter where you went.

In these Guildhalls, you were allowed to, accept quests, accept guild quests, trade-in beast crystals and weapons and rank up you or your guild ranks.

The second type of Guildhall would be owned by a Guild itself. This building would usually have the mark of the Guild held proudly on top of the building. The building was owned by the guild itself and quests could only be completed by the guild members.

Some big cities would a have a few guilds while some smaller towns would be completely run by a single Guild. It was advantageous for a Guild to have their own Guildhall, as they would keep all the profits from completing a quest, regularly collect taxes and have a good trade on beast crystals. The only problem was there was a huge start-up cost involved and you needed a big reputation for people to ask you to complete quests.

After Tuffy finished explain the three of them went to the Guildhall counter to tell them of the quest they completed.

"We're here for the reward on the Mud Crab quest!" Tuffy said excitedly.

As soon as Tuffy said those words many of the people inside the Guildhall had turned their head. Many of them had tried to take on the Mud crab but failed, so they were wondering just who on earth was able to defeat it?

The women behind the desk working for the Guildhall couldn't believe it either.

"I can't just give you the reward, do you have any proof?"

Tuffy looked towards Ray. Ray knew this would be a problem. Right now, the only thing Ray had on him to prove he had defeated the Crab was the Advanced crystal. Although Ray was able to show them the Crystal by taking it out from the system, the crystal wasn't able to leave his hand otherwise it would disappear back to the system.

The Guild would definitely want to examine the crystal before handing out any type of reward.

"Don't worry about it, I don't need the money," Ray said to Tuffy.

The Guild members in the room started to laugh.

"I knew someone couldn't defeat that beast, dam little brat was just making up fairy tales, as usual."

"Did the kid really think they would just believe him if they said they beat the thing, and solo at that!"

Tuffy and Candy could overhear the people speaking badly about them and Ray. Tuffy was actually known amongst the adventures in town for exaggerating tales and thought this was just him being him, but Tuffy wasn't lying this time but he was too embarrassed to say anything back.

That's when suddenly.

"He's not lying!" Candy shouted, "Me and my brother saw it with our own eyes, go out into the swamp and check if you want!"

"Oh, like that time when he saw a phoenix on the north side of the lake, or when he found a treasure at the edge of the swamp but a creature had taken it or let's all talk about that time he saw a dragon."

Tuffy was shaking more and more as he heard the man's words, sure he exaggerated from time to time but this wasn't one of those times. Tuffy let his anger take control of him and had enough, he took out his Dagger and lashed out at the man.

But it was useless, the man grabbed Tuffy by the wrist and held Tuffy around the neck in a headlock, placing Tuffy's own dagger across his neck.

Suddenly, the man then felt a hand on his shoulder.

"Let go of him!" Ray said.

***

Special thanks to DarkShadow_DS, Fenrir2040, and Meme_Lord_5233 who is the current top supporter!

Also we hit the 1000 Stone Goal, Let's hit this weeks goal of 1200 Stones!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154 - Remember that Name
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There were five men altogether sat at the table closest to the counter. Each of them wore a purple tag out proudly showing that they were all D class adventures. There Guild was well known in town as the Hounds and regularly harassed people but never took it too far.

This was one of the reasons why no one had gone against their wild behaviour but for the first time ever in this small town, a single man was going up against them.

The Hounds were shocked, as Ray was one second standing right by Candy's side and the next second his hand was on one of the members known as Iron claw.

Iron claw was the leader of a small sub Unit of the Hounds and had been placed in this particular town.

"What do you think you are doing?" Iron claw said. "Who gave you permission to touch me?"

"Just let the boy go," Ray said with a sterner voice this time, still holding on to Iron claw's shoulder.

Iron Claw tried to move his shoulder to shrug the man off but he couldn't move an inch.

"Do I have to remind you he attacked me first?"

"He's just a kid, he's already learnt his lesson so just let him go."

The other members of the Hound were confused as to why Iron claw hadn't hit the man already, like he usually would have. Little did they know that Iron claw was unable to move his shoulder.

Suddenly, one of the members of the Hound got too impatient.

"If you won't do anything then I will." The man said as he jumped off from the table towards Ray.

"No don't!" Iron claw shouted but it was too late.

Ray then lifted one of his hands and then used the skill "Iceball." A ball of ice shot out from the palm of Ray's hand and hit the man dead in the stomach causing him to fall to the ground.

Everyone around them who was watching suddenly started to gossip.

"He's a mage!"

"I thought he was a fighter; I've never seen a mage before."

"No wonder he was so confident."

The Guildhall worker behind the counter was starting to panic, afraid the situation would get a lot worse. She was repeatedly pressing a button that was located under the counter, which was used to call the Guild Guard.

"I won't ask you again," Ray said.

Iron claw could see something strange in Ray's eyes. It was a look he had seen many times before when he went out hunting, the look of a beast that had captured its prey. Iron claw was afraid if he let go of the boy, he would lose the only advantage he had.

Ray was now sick and tired of waiting, he started to activate the ice attribute in his gauntlet that was holding the man. In an instant, it nearly froze Iron claws whole arm that was holding onto the boy.

Ray then gripped the Iron claw's hand that held the boy and smashed it into a thousand shards of Ice.

Although Iron claw felt no pain due to the ice and adrenaline, the shock of losing his hand was devastating.

"Kill him!" Iron claw shouted at the top of his voice.

Each member of The Hound drew out their swords and weapons and went for the attack.

"I hear mages aren't good at close range combat!" A man shouted as he swung his sword.

Ray ducked the attack with ease and punched the man in the stomach sending him flying through the air and into the Guildhall walls.

"I'm not a mage."

Ray then went from one person to next dealing with each of them in a single blow, causing destruction to the table and walls of the guild. The onlookers stayed a good distance away but they stood there in amazement seeing Ray display his overpowering skills.

"What guild is he from?" A person watching by said.

"I don't know, I've never seen him here before."

When Ray had finished dealing with all the members of the Hound, he went up to each one of them and placed his hand on their body.

"You will never be able to fight again."

Ray then used the skill mana drain on each member but was disappointed by the result. Each of the members had only given him one mana point each. Most likely because they had never been trained to use Ki before unlike the knights at the academy.

Just then the two large doors to the Guildhall opened. A young-looking man in his twenties entered wearing bright Silver and gold armour. The man's name was Ark and he was the guard of the guildhall.

Guildhalls would usually hire a guard form a stronger guild to help out with disturbances like these. And Ark was a member of Flying Angel a top Ranked Guild.

As soon as Ark opened the door, he could see straight away that the members of the Hound had been defeated and standing over them was Ray.

Ark drew his sword and pointed it as Ray as he walked forward.

"Are you the one causing a disturbance here?"

But before Ark could even get close to Ray, Candy had stepped in between them.

"Ark, don't worry it's a misunderstanding, he was just helping me and Tuffy out."

Ark Noticed Candy straight away as he often looked after them in this town. In fact, he was the one that recommended them two to a guild that was related to Flying Angel.

Ark then withdrew his sword.

"Fine, you can explain the details to me later."

Ray then looked at the big clock that was placed above the entrance of the Guildhall. It was nearly time for him to meet the merchant and he couldn't be late.

"I have to go," Ray said as he turned to the two kids.

The woman who was behind the counter immediately came running out.

"Wait! you have to pay for all of the damage you caused, if you don't, I'll report you!"

Ray was in a rush and needed to leave immediately, in his haste he used his skill endless void and pulled out all of the 22 intermediate crystals he had obtained and placed them on the ground before leaving. He didn't know if it was enough to cover the damages but thought it would at least be close enough.

Ark was then curious about the crystals Ray had left behind; he had seen similar crystals before. He picked one up from the pile and started to examine it.

"What! These are all crystals from a Green Clops, how did he obtain so many?"

The others had heard Ark's words and couldn't believe their ears. They all knew how powerful a Green clops was. Many of them had to team up as a five-man team to take one out. So far only Ark was able to solo the Green Clops. Ray had clearly left more than enough for the repairs of the Guildhall.

Suddenly, another man came running into the hall out of breath but with a huge smile on his face.

"Have you heard the news!" The man shouted. "The Mud Crab in the swamp, it's been defeated!"

Suddenly, everyone's heart had skipped a beat. They started to remember the words that Tuffy had said and not only that but the fact that they had just witnessed his amazing fighting skill and now another man had confirmed the defeat of the Mud Crab. They no longer thought Tuffy's words were a lie.

"Who was that man?" Ark asked candy who was standing by his side.

"I don't know, all he said was his name was Nes."

"Nes huh, I'll remember that name."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155 - Secret Meeting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray was currently running as fast as he could to the meetup point. He no longer could rely on Noir as she was currently evolving but that didn't matter too much. Even without Noir's help, Ray's running speed was faster than most.

While navigating his way through the forest, Ray couldn't help but get a thought out of his mind. When Iron claw was talking about Tuffy's lies, one of them was about Tuffy seeing a dragon. Of course, Ray thought that it couldn't be true.

Even when Ray was still alive as a dragon, he wasn't able to find another one for a 100 years but that didn't mean there wasn't one. Ray thought it was a shame that he had to leave in such a rush, if he had more time, he would have been able to use the Dragons truth to see if Tuffy was lying or not.

At least Ray now knew were Tuffy was and when he could leave the city freely, he would be able to come back and ask Tuffy about the dragon in the future.

****

Meanwhile back at the academy, Slyvia couldn't stop thinking about the message she had seen the other day. "Dragon's roar." The only thing that she could think of was perhaps the ability was somehow linked to that of the Dragon Knights.

Not much was known about the Dragon Knights, only the Elders were old enough to have seen them in person. After giving it much thought Slyvia though it would be best to ask Von about them.

"Ha, I see that message has interested you as well," Von said with a big smile. "To be honest, even between the elders not much is known about the Dragon knights. They kept a lot of things to themselves."

"Is there anything more you can tell me about the dragon knights?" Slyvia asked with her puppy dog eyes.

Von thought hard for a moment before replying.

"Ah, we actually have a book at Avrion."

Sylvia's face suddenly sank.

"But I have already been through the library and read all the books about the Dragon knights."

"But that was before you were an Elder, now you also have access to the Elders personal library," Von said. "There's a collection inside, of all the writings each member had ever done. A room just about the Dragon knights you might even say. Although many of the words written down seem to be in some sought of code."

"What are we waiting for!" Slyvia said excitedly. "Let's go."

"I'm afraid there are too many eyes on us at the moment. It's best if we wait for things to calm down."

Slyvia was disappointed but she understood. Von was always doing things in his best interest for her. Slyvia also had her own matters in the Elders room to deal with. Every meeting so far there seemed to be one person in particular that had it out for her and that was the master knight Delbert.

Slyvia thought back to just before her brothers had left the academy, they had told her to be careful. The only way the Dark guild was able to plan an attack, that big, was if a high-ranking member was involved and Slyvia had her guesses that it had something to do with Delbert but right now she had no proof.

Von could see Slyvia had a complicated look on her face, she had a lot on her shoulders after all and she was only 17 years of Age.

"Slyvia, don't think we are doing nothing about what is going on at Avrion, we shall make our move soon, just wait till the time is right."

****

Ray had managed to safely meet up with Billy on time and just like before, Ray travelled in the back of the carriage to Avrion city. He had got in just as easy as he got out but of course, this wasn't something Ray could do all the time, as it relied on Von's trusted men being on shift.

Ray thanked Billy once more for all his help but before Ray was able to leave, Billy had received a message to pass on to Ray from one of his men.

Billy went up to Ray to whisper into his ear.

"This evening come back to merchant hall, Bay 22 right here. There will be a meeting organised by Von."

Ray was quite surprised to hear these words; he was wondering if something had happened in a short time while he was away. When Ray had arrived back at his dorm, it turned out he wasn't the only one invited to this meeting, all his roommates had too.

Once evening had arrived, A knock was heard at the dorm's door. To everyone's surprise, it was Wilfred who was there.

"Everyone grab a cloak, we must do our best to not be seen tonight." He said. "A secret meeting is about to take place and you must not speak a word of this to anyone."

All of them did as they were told and followed Wilfred to the merchant's bay. The other students didn't know their destination but Ray had already been informed beforehand.

The guards that would have usually been stationed outside and inside the merchant building, couldn't be seen and everyone Ran straight through to Bay 22.

Once they had reached the bay, they were all taken to a room in the back which had a large round table in the centre. It looked like it was able to fit about 30 guests on it.

When the students entered the room, they were surprised to see Slyvia and Von already there sat down but they weren't the only ones. Sir K, Bernardo, Jack, Badger and Sloth were also there but there was one more that surprised them even more.

It was a woman who was sat down by Sir K's side. Ray had a familiar feeling when looking at her but couldn't quite put his finger on it, until.

"Mother!" Martha shouted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156 - Two teams
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Ray's eyes met with the woman sat down next to Sir K, he knew he had seen her before. Her name was Ann Woodhock. The first time he had met her was when he and Gary were being escorted out of their village. Ann was an adventurer who had asked for the knights help down the foggy path at that time.

Martha calling out to her mother managed to jolt Ray's memories. The thing was she wasn't a knight of Avrion, so Wilfred or the others must have used some sought of a method to sneak her in, Ray thought.

Although Martha wanted to catch up with her mother, the atmosphere in the room wasn't right and she knew something was up.

Wilfred waited for everyone to be seated before he began to speak.

"I'll start by telling you all this meeting is being discussed in absolute secrecy and not a word of this can get out to anyone."

Everyone at the round table nodded before Wilfred continued.

"This meeting had to be made because as you may know there are some people at the Academy that cannot be trusted. The master knights here along with Von, discussed who we could trust in the academy and that led us to all of you."

Wilfred then took a deep breath.

"My scouts have informed me that the Shadow plague is on its way to Avrion academy. We at the Academy are safe but I fear for the surrounding towns and villages."

The students started to think of their families that lived nearby while an image of Candy and Tuffy appeared in Ray's head.

"Our army has been spread thin as we have sent support to the Alure kingdom to fight the Shadow plague on the front line and we have also decided to send another army to engage with the shadow plague before they reach the villages and towns but these armies are small in size,? I'm afraid they will only be sent out to delay the shadow plague and not defeat it."

"Why can't we send a stronger Army to defeat them?" Garry said.

"Do you remember the mysterious man who attacked Ray?" Wilfred replied. "That man was someone who is known as a true infected. They have the ability to cover their bodies in shadows, making it almost impossible to hurt them. Our Army so far hasn't been able to defeat a single true infected."

Everyone's eyes opened up wide as they heard Wilfred say those words. They had all heard tales of how strong a true infected was but thought they were simply exaggerated. For the first time, they were being told that no one had ever even defeated one before.

"This information, of course, has been kept from the public as to not cause panic, the people must believe we can win the fight against the Shadow plague." Wilfred then sat down in his seat as Ann stood up.

"My name is Ann and I am an Adventurer that has been hired by Wilfred to investigate the assassin that attempted to take the students life known as Ray. We were able to track the assassin to a certain location. To a cave located on a mountain just behind the academy."

Monk then stood up in his seat like a bullet.

"Isn't that the cave that leads to the divine being! Is it safe!"

"I have gone to check on the divine being and it is perfectly fine for now," Wilfred replied. "The divine being's power is that of light which is the opposite of the shadow. Infected will find it hard to get close to the divine being."

"I think you're underestimating the Shadow plague," Gary interrupted. "Jasmine was right next to the divine being and was still being controlled."

Then for the first time in the entire meeting, Slyvia stood up.

"That's why I suggested we invite all of you. Not only are you trustworthy but you are some of the strongest knights that the academy has ever seen." The centre of the round table suddenly started to shine and a 3D hologram appeared of the city.

"There are currently two ways to get to the Divine being, the Red door and the cave in the mountain. The plan is two teams will enter the mines below from these two entrances. This way the Infected has no way to escape. The plan is either to catch the infected or find a way to kill it. This way we can learn how to deal with a true infected and send the information to the Army."

Sir K then stood up to speak.

"The first team shall be led by me and the black sashes, we shall be entering through the cave where the Shadow infected was last seen. This means the team will consist of Myself, Ray, Gary, Monk and Kyle. When leaving the city, we must not be seen, this is the natural Job of the black sashes."

"The second team shall be led by me." Ann said, "We shall be entering through the Red door, I don't know all of your names so forgive me." Ann then pulled out a little list. "My team shall consist of Martha, Dan, Jack, Badger and Sloth."

"This meeting shall come to an end and we shall be acting at midnight today." Wilfred said, "Are there any last questions before we set off?"

"Do we know who the assassin is yet?" Monk asked.

"I'm afraid not," Wilfred replied.

Ray was currently conflicted with the mission at hand, he knew who the infected person was, it was his father. His father had warned him and saved him from the shadow plague when it attacked. Ray couldn't stop thinking of what the academy would try to do to him if they managed to capture him.

They would probably torture him for the rest of his life until they finally found a way to kill him because that's all they cared about, was their survival. Not once had Wilfred or the others mentioned of a way to cure his father, instead, they just wanted to find a way to kill him.

Whatever happened on this mission, Ray would not let them kill his father.

******

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, Divine_Orji and Ppowell for the gifts.

If you would like to see some artwork of reincarnated into a human? you can check out my Patreon, it's free.

/JSManga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157 - The Iron Doors
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two separate teams were currently getting all their equipment ready and getting a debrief from the two leaders, while Slyvia and Von were discussing other options.

"Do you think we should contact Nes for help?" Slyvia asked.

The contract allowed members to message each other as well as the leader, Ray would have to accept the message before he could read it though. If Ray sent a message, on the other hand, the message would appear without the team members having a choice.

"He knew danger was coming, and he might already know a way to defeat a true infected. Perhaps he can even protect the city?"

Von thought for a while before giving Slyvia reply.

"Have you looked at all of the members of Red wings?" Von replied, "Nes is meant to be an adventurer from the outside right? Yet every single member so far in the Red wings are part fo the academy in some way. Most likely this Nes person knows about everything that is going on already and not only that, I think he's closer to us then we think."

The two teams where now ready to head out and go their separate ways. Ann's guild members were currently stationed at the cave since they weren't allowed to come into the city. They were watching it closely in case they spotted anyone else enter or leave, while Von had some black knights of his stand guard at the Red door.

Sir K's team headed off first as it would take longer for them to arrive at the cave compared to Ann's team. Using the shadows and all of the training they had learnt over the last two years, it was easy for them to scale the city wall unseen.

Of course, it was much easier with Sir K taking the lead, as he was commanding everyone with ease as if he had done it 100 times before. They ran up to the mountain and a great speed taking paths that would allow them to avoid all the beasts on the mountain.

The longer they would take the more chance the true infected would have to complete its goal, whatever it was trying to do down there. Sir K's team had finally met up with Ann's guild members as they entered the cave, Ann's guild members agreed to watch their back.

Sir K had handed over a pinging crystal to one of the guild members. If there was any danger outside, they would only need to hit the crystal and it would send a ping to his crystal.

The crystal could be split multiple times and no matter where you were if a piece of it was hit, it would ping with its other parts as long as they came from the original crystal.

The team headed into the cave but instead of rushing in, they were now walking about carefully. They carried on going deeper into the cave and the students each used their light crystals to light up the way. Eventually, they had come to the Giant steel door they had met before, only this time, it was already open.

"Someone is definitely down here?" Sir K said.

"I thought Ray was the only one who could open these?" Kyle said.

"That's actually not true," Sir K replied. "The door is made out of Bedtatium, the strongest metal known on this continent. The circle lock is a complex lock and can only be opened by a code that is set once by its creator. Only the Master knights and Elders know this code."

"Is this why Wilfred thinks one of the higher-ups have betrayed us?" Gary asked.

Sir K nodded.

"Wait a second, then how come Ray can open the doors?" Kyle asked.

The room went silent and Sir K ignored Kyle's words. Sir K was actually hoping that Ray would answer Kyle's question but Ray decided to remain silent about the whole thing. It was clear to Sir K that Ray wasn't going to tell them even if they asked and right now, they needed to work together.

Ann's team were currently just about to enter the mines through the red door. Jack was standing outside when he received a message from Ray.

The message read.

"If you see the infected person, let me know straight away. Do your best to make sure the others don't kill it."

"Okay, Boss."

Jack didn't need to ask why, he was sure Ray had his reason for doing what he was doing. Due to Ray's actions, he was able to save the students from the Dark guild. So Jack believed in Ray. Ray had also sent the message the Badger and Sloth but didn't tell any other members of the Red wings. Because the matter concerned his father, he only wanted to let those know that knew his identity.

Ann and her team then proceeded through the Red door and started to descend down the long winding stairs. Until eventually, they had reached the large cavern that was void of everything but weapons and a few beds on the floor.

"What is all this?" Martha asked as she looked at the supplies on the floor.

"It looks like at one point they must have used this as an army camp," Ann replied.

Finally, after walking around in the huge cavern they had reached the large iron door. This door was still sealed shut.

"It looks exactly like the one in the cave," Martha said.

"What are they for?" Badger asked.

"Wilfred had told me they were made to keep the beasts from below from rising up" Ann replied. "These mines apparently go on for miles in all sorts of different directions and were used to deliver supplies to the nearby towns and villages during times of war. Then the magical beasts found out about them and started using them to attack the city."

"Who knew we could be attacked at any second without these doors." Sloth said.

Ann then placed her hand on the centre of the door. A circle light started to shine in the centre and numbers started to be projected. Ann started to move her hand and as she did, so did the numbers. She arranged the numbers in a certain sequence and when she did, the doors started to open.

The doors slowly started to pull apart and open but as it did a giant black claw could be seen coming out from the other side.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158 - Extra Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Ann saw the claw, she knew she needed to take action. She leapt back and grabbed Martha along with her, both of them then readied their bow aiming at the door, prepared for whatever was going to come through.

The door had only opened wide enough for the beast to fit its hand through but slowly the beast was becoming more visible. When the door had opened wide enough, a large figure leapt through knocking Dan aside, the figure carried on moving and swiped its claws at Jack.

Jack lifted his Great sword in time to block the attack but was sent back a few feet in the process.

Ann was now able to see the large figure in full view. The beast had a long wolf-like snout with 6 red eyes. It was crouching on its back two leg's, while its hand had deadly claws. Foam was coming out of the beast's mouth as if it had been infected with something.

The beast was known as a Kangaclaw, it was an advanced tier beast that was usually the same size as a human but this one was unusually large, almost twice the size and it looked like it had gone mad.

"Watch out!" Ann shouted, "It's in the early stages of being infected."

The others knew this was bad, a beast that had been infected by the shadow was a lot more powerful than a regular one. It would almost increase in power by a whole tier, making it at the King class level.

Ann then shot multiple arrows out once at the beast, aiming for its eyes hoping to take out its eyes sight.

"We have to defeat it fast, we still have a chance while it's in its early stages."

The Kangaclaw turned its head causing the arrows to stick into its shoulder. It then readied its two back legs as if it was charging them ready to pounce at any moment. Then *boom at lightning speed the Kangaclaw exploded with power and was heading straight for Martha and Ann.

Ann was panicked, she hadn't expected to meet a beast of this level down here, she herself was only a D class adventurer, something of this level she would be able to take on with a team but not with a bunch of students she thought.

But just then a giant sword came swinging at the Kangaclaw, knocking the Kangaclaw back and into the air. It looked like a baseball player who had hit a fastball away.

"You think you're strong huh!" Jack shouted at the beast who was now in the distance.

"How?" Ann thought.

After knocking the beast back, the two twins Bader and Sloth immediately started attacking the beasts legs. The Kangaclaw tried it's best to claw at them but the twins were agile and flexible avoiding each strike.

Dan who had been knocked over earlier had also joined in attacking the beasts and even Martha was now no longer by Ann's side and was firing arrows.

Ann stood there in amassment at the students. They had all acted without her command and not only that, they were each incredibly strong especially the student known as Jack. The beast had come at her at full force, the power someone must have to be able to hit the beast back must be huge, Ann thought.

For the students to be able to act this strongly and to not be afraid they must have experienced something far worse. Ann was right, even though the students were afraid of the beast in front of them, it was nothing compared to Morfran the Dark guild leader they had faced.

Each one of them felt hopeless when they met with him but at least against this thing, it felt like they had a chance.

Ann no longer stood there in admiration and followed Martha strategy of firing her arrows while contently moving. The Kangaclaws attention was now on them. The twins continued to move between the beast's legs while attacking when they saw the chance and Dan was currently fending of the Kangaclaws strikes.

It was indeed a powerful beast and if they were to face it alone, they stood no chance. The attacks from the twins could only leave flesh wounds and the only ones that we're able to do damage were the arrows coming from Ann. It was why the Kangaclaw focused its attention on them.

Meanwhile in the cave somewhere Ray and the others continued to search the mines to see if they could find any clues. While they were walking through, Ray had received a message from Badger.

"Our group have encountered an advanced beast; it looks like it's been infected by the shadow.>

Ray suddenly stood still and replied back.

"Let me know if you need more power?"

But there was no response from the other team for they were now all engaged in combat.

"Hey what's wrong Ray?" Monk asked as he noticed Ray had stopped.

"Sorry I thought I noticed something but it was nothing."

Ray wasn't too worried about the safety of the others though. If it was only an advanced beast then that man should be able to deal with them. A man who Ray believed to be as strong as himself.

The Kangaclaw was getting agitated, it now ignored the two twins who were attacking its legs and once more began to charge up its legs for another attack on the two girls.

"Dan get out of the way!" Jack shouted.

Dan Immediately rolled out of the beast's way and when he looked at where the voice came from, he noticed that Jack was in the air with his Greatsword held behind his back.

Using every bit of strength, Jack slammed the sword down right on the Kangaclaw's neck. The sword managed to pierce the skin of the Kangaclaw but there was some resistance.

"I need more power!"

The veins on Jack's arms started to bulge as blood was being pumped to his muscles, his hair on his body started to stand tall. Jack was getting more powerful by the second.

The sword continued to be driven into the beast's neck but it still wasn't enough.

"ARGHHHH!" With a large scream, Jack's muscles seemed to be growing even more and even his teeth had grown in size.

Finally, the Kangaclaw's body collapsed onto the ground and its body went limp. Black blood was pouring out everywhere and Jack's body had returned to what it once was.

***

Special thanks to Divine_Orji for the gifts it really helps :)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159 - True Infected
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once the beast had been defeated, the power that was surging through Jack's body started to die down. With that, his muscles relaxed and went back to normal and his teeth along with his hair started to shrink back to.

Jack had no clue what had just happened to him. He had never felt power like that before and it was a first for him.

"Thank you for looking out for me Boss."

Jack had actually made a mistake thinking that Ray was the one who supplied him with power in his time of need but Ray had done nothing. Everything that Jack had done had come from himself. Luckily for Jack the others didn't notice any changes on Jack while he was fighting.

The cave was far too dark and their light crystals would only light up so much of the room. They were also too focused on the Kangaclaw to even notice any changes in Jack's appearance.

Badger and Sloth continued to update Ray on the whole situation. The defeat of the advanced beast didn't come as a surprise for Ray. Ray knew Jack was special. Before Ray had evolved into a Draco Ray would perhaps have put him and Jack on an equal playing field.

Dan was currently examining the beast's body. He had never seen an infected beast before so it was a first for him. He then noticed something strange on one of the beast's legs. Dan knelt down and lifted it.

It appeared to be a steel chain that was fastened to its leg. Dan started to follow the chain and noticed that it went beyond the giant iron door.

"Hey look at this!" Dan shouted

"A Chain?" Martha said.

"Perhaps it was placed here as a guard?" Ann followed the chain and noticed it was tied to a giant steel peg that had been hammered deep into the ground.

"The question is, who would be strong enough to capture one of these?" Badger said.

As they were all standing there looking at the dead beast on the floor. They could all suddenly hear the sound of footsteps. They remained silent to try their best to locate where the steps were coming from but it was hard to tell with the echoes bouncing off the cave.

However, each of them had a good idea as they all turned to look beyond the Iron door. Darkness completely covered the other side of the door making it nearly impossible to make out anything. But they saw a single flame walking, coming towards them slowly.

They watched in tense silence, as the Shadowy human figure came into view. It was the true infected they had been looking for holding a torch in its hand. Even though the person was stood still the shadows continued to move around the man's body as if they had a mind of their own.

Dan stood back in fear, he remembered the suffocating feeling he felt when it was in the room that time and it wasn't even targeting his life.

Jack stepped forward but Ann placed her hand out in front of Jack signalling him to stop.

"Greetings, I see there are some faces here I don't recognise." The infected man had a deep voice that sounded distorted and unnatural.

The others immediately readied their weapons. Ann knew this was bad, out of the two teams they were the weaker of the two. Not only that but if they were to meet the infected, she hoped it would be further in the cave where Sir K's team would be able to meet them.

But they hadn't even gone through the Iron door yet, so it was unlikely Sir K's team would get here anytime soon. Ann then secretly reached down into her quiver and pulled out a small green crystal. It was the pinging crystal. She flicked the crystal with one hand signalling all the others who held the crystal.

At the same time, Badger had informed Ray of the entire situation.

*****

Sir K had given several different pinging crystals to each team, this way he would know if the guards outside needed help or if it was related to something else. The crystal ringing indicated that Ann's team were in trouble.

"We have to move now!" Sir K said.

Sir K and the others doubled their pace and were heading for the quickest route to where Ann was.

****

The true infected stood only a few feet away from Ann and the others. A word hadn't been spoken for a while now and Ann was Afraid any second now it would attack.

"Why are you down here?"

The infected laughed.

"I'm here to give you a gift," The shadow man pointed at the group. "You wish to find a way to kill us, don't you? Well, why don't you try it right now!"

"My pleasure," Jack said as he gripped his Giant sword but once again Ann stopped Jack from going forward. All she wanted to do right now was buy as much time as possible.

"Jack don't fall for it, it's clearly a trap," Martha said.

"This isn't a trap as I said, it's a gift."

"We don't want your disgusting gift!" Badger shouted.

"Wait a moment." Ann said, "Maybe we should listen to him, tell us what exactly is this gift of yours?"

The infected man started to laugh once again.

"Humans are always the same looking for the easy way out."

But then something unexpected had occurred. Jack was suddenly down on one knee and he could barely stand. He was sweating madly and it felt like all of his energy was being taken away from him. He wasn't the only one, Dan was the next to suffer the same fate, next was Badger and sloth and finally even Martha.

"You! What are you doing to them!" Ann cried.

The infected didn't say anything back because even it was shocked about what was happening.

Then suddenly, a piercing feeling was felt through the Infected's chest. As the infected looked down it could see a hand holding his black heart.

The infected managed to turn its head to look at who had defeated him.

"I'm sorry Father, you shall suffer no more."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160 - Dragon Tears
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The True infected didn't last long, as Ray pulled his hand back out from its chest, it instantly collapsed onto the floor. Now that the Infected person had collapsed, they all had a clear view of the person behind it. The man they had met back at the arena named Nes.

Of course, Jack, Badger and Sloth watching the whole thing knew it was really Ray. Ray then quickly cast his shadow skills before disappearing back deeper into the cave and away from the others.

"Who was that?" Ann asked.

"It was really him, he saved us again. He was the one who scared away the Dark guild leader." Martha explained.

"He protected us, just like he said he would," Dan said looking at the infected body. "We're saved."

Martha and Dan had only recently joined the Red wings, their main reason for joining was protection. They were scared of the things the academy was hiding and scared of the people after their life. After learning that Nes was the leader they immediately agreed to join.

They were still sceptical about whether or not Nes would be able to save them when they needed him to but somehow, someway, Nes had once again saved their lives.

Deeper in the cave where no light could be seen, Ray was sitting down with part of the cave wall up against his back. He was sat in complete darkness alone. His hands were placed on top of his head and he didn't know how to feel right now.

Ray wanted to meet the true infected before anyone would get to him, before the two groups split up Ray cast his skill doppelganger, that way he would be able to help the two groups if they were in desperate need. The only thing he had to choose now was which group to send his true self with.

It was a gamble but Ray felt like the True infected had purposely let himself be seen by the others when entering the cave in the mountains, so Ray chose to go with Ann's group while hiding in the shadows as Nes.

When he saw the True infected this time it was completely different from the times before. With the evolution, Ray's dragon eyes skill also became stronger but there was one thing Ray could always see when looking at a True infected and that was his father's yellow aura around his heart.

When Ray looked at the True infected in the cave just now, there wasn't a hint left of his father inside, he had been completely taken over. Ray didn't want his father to suffer anymore he had to finish the True infected there and then.

Ray could see the True infected was powerful, more powerful than he was even with the evolution but its mind was focused on something else. Ray started to gather the Ki from his team members to launch a single surprise attack.

Ray's body could now handle a total of 200 mana points without feeling a strain on his body but he needed more power than that to defeat the True infected. He gathered a total of 300 points from all the members of the Academy and then in one strike, aimed for the most concentrated part of shadows, the heart.

Ray was still sat in the corner trying to get a hold of his emotions, images of him and his father as a child training together started to pop in his head and finally for the first time since he had turned into a human. Tears started to roll down his face.

Ray stood up and screamed at the top of his lungs. The place started to vibrate with the sound of his almighty roar. It sounded similar to when Ray would cast his Dragon's roar skill, only this time there was no buff to his teammates.

"What was that noise?" Dan asked.

"I don't know but our mission has been accomplished, let's go and grab the body," Ann said

But when the others went to where the True infected fell, there was no longer a body there.

That was because Ray had taken the body with him deeper into the cave. His father's body was currently lying still on the cold wet floor. Ray wanted to look at his father one last time before saying goodbye.

"What am I meant to tell mum now, I said I'd save you but instead you were the one who saved me."

Ray placed his hand on top of his father's head and gave one final goodbye.

"Thank you, dad and goodbye."

Ray's gauntlet slowly started to heat up until it eventually lit up in flames which passed on to the body and after holding his fathers' body for a while, there was nothing left but ashes.

Somewhere in the cave, Sir K and his group were moving as fast as they could to Ann and the others, it couldn't have been long since they entered the cave, Sir K expected that Ann had encountered the True infected near the entrance of the iron door and he was right.

But while the whole group was running Monk noticed something about Ray's clone. Ray's clone was running up ahead and Monk suddenly felt a splash of water hit his face from upfront. When he looked at where the water was coming from, he could see tears coming from the clone's face.

Sir K and Ann's group eventually met up, Ray's clone went off to explore the cave a bit more and when he was away from the others, he de summoned his clone and switched places. Sir K was shocked after hearing the words come out of Ann's mouth. He couldn't begin to imagine how Nes managed to get past the Iron doors.

Before leaving they sealed up the iron doors at both entrances and headed back to report the news.

Back in Slyvia's room, she was currently alone with Von and had just received news of everything that had happened.

"It looks like you were right, he was watching us this whole time," Slyvia said, "I wonder who he is?"

"hmm, Although I am also intrigued to find out who the man is, the most important thing now is meeting with Nes. Because he has finally done something that no one has been able to do before. Defeat a true infected." Von said.

While the others were talking about him without even realising it, Ray was once again on the roof of the dorm looking over the edge at the city.

He hadn't had time to check it out earlier because he was too distracted with his father's death but he had received a notification.

***

Special thanks to Kreuz and Fenrir2040 who is killing it with the gifts lately. Thank you for the support really helps.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161 - Brotherly Bond
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray opened up his status screen to have a look at the new skill he had just obtained. If Ray's theory was correct and he gained a new skill every time he saved a life, it meant that the True infected would have been able to kill everyone there.

He wasn't able to gain a skill of the students because he saved them all before but he had received a new skill for saving the life of Ann Woodwock, Martha's mother.

This skill can only be used when the skill Doppelganger is activated. The user is able to swap its real body with one of its clones no matter how far apart they are from each other. Once this skill has been used there is a cooldown period of one hour.

The skill was useful for Ray, Ray always had a worry in the back of his mind that if he went out hunting one time and the Academy found he was missing or was under attack, there was nothing he could do. It would take him too long to get back. This solved that problem for him.

Although, even if the clone was able to take his place in training and be seen, the clone was unable to interact with people. It didn't have the ability to speak.

When Ray closed his status screen, he was surprised to see another message appear and it was from Von.

"I would like for you to call a meeting between the Red wings and inform them of how to deal with a True infected. I also have a request. I would like to invite Wilfred, Sir K and Ann to the meeting."

Ray knew what Von's intentions were, he was most likely asking Ray permission to invite these three people into the Red wings. Ray actually thought it was a good idea as he always welcomed more power and these three were strong but would they even join? This was his main concern.

The other concern that Ray had was he had indeed found out how to defeat a True infected but was unsure if the others could use the same method as his.

Ray sent a reply back to Von agreeing to call a meeting tomorrow. Ray then immediately sent a message to all the member of the Red wings. Just as Ray had finished, the sound of the door opening to the Dorms roof was heard.

"Hey, how are you doing?" Gary asked as he came over to join Ray at the ledge. "It's been a while since it's just been us two hasn't it?"

"Now that you mention it, it has." Ray didn't know why but it was as if he was avoiding Gary without even realising it. He had long decided to invite Gary into the Red wings but something was holding him back.

"What's wrong?" Gary asked.

"When you found out Amy had died, how did you deal with it?"

Gary looked out at the city before giving his answer.

"I haven't Ray, even though everything that's going on with the city at the moment I still think about revenge every single day. It's like there's a weight on my heart that just won't go away until I find the people who killed my sister."

For the first time, Ray felt like he could really connect with Gary, he currently had the same feeling tugging on his heart. Ray hoped the feeling would have gone away so he asked Gary. The answer Gary gave was not what he was hoping for, it meant Ray would have to deal with this pain until he had dealt with the Shadow plague.

"Gary… I want to invite you to this special group I'm a part of."

"I know about it Ray."

Ray stood there for a moment.

"What!?"

"Did you think Monk could keep a secret or that Kyle would be able to keep his mouth shut gossiping about it with the others."

"Then why didn't you come to me sooner."

"It's your choice right, after all, aren't you the leader. Your Nes right?"

Ray took a few steps back, he had been trying so hard to keep the secret but here Gary was saying he already knew?

Gary continued.

"I saw you use ice abilities and fire abilities before when we were fighting the Pureblood members and back at the arena before Nes" Gary said using his fingers as quotation marks. "Before Nes left the arena I saw him summon a wolf that looked exactly like the one you had that time."

Ray didn't know how he was meant to feel but for some reason, he felt bad about the whole thing and he naturally said, "I'm sorry."

Gary then slapped Ray on the back.

"Don't be, this isn't like you. Remember I'm the one who should be apologising to you Ray. I owe you my life and I know you have your secrets and when you're ready you will tell them."

Gary then put out his hand in front of Ray.

"Let's do this together."

Ray looked at the hand and shook it.

"Together."

Ray then opened up the system and offered Gary a contract. Just like the others, Gary couldn't believe his eyes, a piece of paper had appeared out of nowhere and all the conditions were set. Just what was Ray? Gary thought.

Gary signed the paper and after doing so immediately looked at the list of members.

"What the! You're telling me I was the last person you invited, bro. I thought we were like brothers. How the hell did Dan get an invite before me, he Hated your guts at one point and that little creep Harry is on here."

Gary continued looking down the list.

"Huh, the elder is on here too!"

When Gary had finally calmed down Ray explained to Gary that there would be a meeting at the martial arts hall tomorrow between all the members of Red Wings. The two said goodbye and Ray planned what he was going to do for tomorrow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162 - True infected Weakness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day had arrived and once the routine training had finished, the members of the Red wings started to head for to the martial arts hall and on the way, they couldn't stop talking about meeting Nes and about what he had done in the cave below.

"So Nes really killed the true infected?" Kyle asked.

"Yeah, you don't understand, I felt like any second I was going to die," Dan said "power started to seep away from my body just from looking at the guy, then when we all thought we were going to die. Bang! Nes comes out of nowhere."

Dan and the others didn't know about Ray's ability to absorb mana and Ki from the other members whenever he needed. Dan had thought at the time, the energy leaving his body was being caused by the True infected when it was actually from Ray.

"Just who is he?" Monk asked. "I mean like, how did he get into the academy, how did he even know we were down there?"

"Maybe it has something to do with that contract we signed," Martha replied. "I don't think we have to worry about him too much. Like Jack said when he invited us, he was going to protect us and he did."

The group continued to talk about the mysterious Nes person until they had eventually arrived at the Martial arts hall. Von, Slyvia and Jack were stood at the entrance of the Martial Hall while Ann, Wilfred and Sir K were already inside.

As the members entered the room one by one Jack asked each person to show the marking of the Red wings. Wilfred and the others were staring at disbelief. Von had explained a little bit about what was going on but Wilfred was amazed how many people were part of this Red wings group, while the Academy had no idea something like this existed.

Wilfred had also noticed that each member was showing a marking on their shoulder. Wilfred wasn't liking what he was seeing, as he was getting the feeling they had joined some type of cult that forced people who joined to be branded.

Once all of the members had entered the room everyone was surprised at who was there with them. Many of them had no idea Von was part of the Red wings nor did they know Gary had just joined. They could look at the list of members at any time but it wasn't something they would do on a daily basis.

They would often only interact with the system when needed. Gary was currently starring in Harry's direction.

"Can't believe he got invited before me," Gary mumbled.

Then suddenly, in front of the people who had gathered, shadows started to appear and an image of a man emerged. It was the man they knew as Nes.

Immediately all members of the Red wings went down on one knee and bowed down.

"We welcome the Boss!" they all said at the same time.

Ray was a bit speechless at what was happening himself. He had never asked any of the Red wings to act like this. What Ray didn't know was Jack had informed everyone when inviting them, that they must call Nes Boss when they see him. He even told them to greet him in a specific way.

Jack felt a little proud of himself as he looked at everyone bowing down.

"You guys can relax and sit," Ray said.

They did as they told and sat down on the floor while Ray himself even sat down.

"Did you notice that?" Wilfred whispered to Sir K.

"Yeah, he entered using the Shadow steps, a skill only used by the black sashes." Sir K replied.

"Perhaps he used to be a student of ours."

Sir K remained silent; he was still unsure of the man's identity himself but they all knew that wasn't important right now. The reason why they had gathered was to find out about information on how to kill a True infected.

Nes began to talk.

"You have all been gathered here today because there is some important information I must give, in order for us to fight the shadow plague together. Originally I wanted to keep this information to only the Red wings but Von suggested we share it with trusted members of the academy."

Ray had phrased his words very carefully. He wanted to make it sound as if he was doing them a favour and he owed them one, slowly Ray wanted to plant a seed in the Master knights mind if he wanted them to join.

Ray then continued.

"The way the True infected have been able to survive so long is because what you are seeing is an illusion. When attacking the True infected shadow's body what you are actually are attacking is just an illusion. The only way to kill it is to be able to see past this illusion and attack its heart."

The members started to mumble thinking it was a lot easier than they thought. They started to gain confidence now they had learnt the truth behind the True infected but Wilfred and Sir K thought differently. If it really was an illusion it meant it was a powerful one, one that was two powerful for their own eyes.

This was also true for Ray himself. When he was only a Dragon knight, he was unable to see past this illusion. It was only when he had evolved into a Draco and his Dragon eyes had evolved with it, could he see past it.

Wilfred then raised his hand to be respectful. Ray nodded allowing Wilfred to speak.

"If I may ask, how were you able to see past this illusion?"

"I have a special ability that allows me to see the true form of others. I can see things in colours surrounding the body. When I saw the True infected, I realised that the aura surrounding the man didn't match the image my real eyes were seeing."

Wilfred's mouth was left wide open at what he had just heard and even Sir K had a similar reaction, While Von started to smile. They all felt something as soon as they heard Ray's words because the vision that he had just described, they had heard similar descriptions of it before. It was the ability of the Dragon Knights.

****

Special thank to ryzntm, PhantomNite629, DarkShadowDS and kingog for the gifts they really help and give me a boost when im working on my series. You fuel me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163 - Make me stronger!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This whole time the academy had been following the prophecy hoping to find the answer they were looking for. The Divine being had told them that their saviour would have Red hair, so they started by gathering all the children with red hair.

Wilfred had suspected that perhaps these children would be the successors of the founders of Avrion and would soon grow to have similar abilities as the 5 Dragon knights of Avrion but no such thing ever happened. But right here, right now, they had finally found someone with the ability, however, the man had black hair.

"I'm not sure if this information will help." Ray said, "But at least it will give you a fighting chance."

The members were suddenly starting to understand. Of course, it wasn't as easy as they thought. No one so far had been able to defeat a True infected. That included the master knights meaning they weren't able to see through this illusion, yet somehow Nes was. This only made Nes seem like a greater person in their eyes.

Wilfred then stood up.

"Nes, what's your aim with this group?"

Ray paused for a while before answering.

"I want to cure this world of its disease."

The others hearing these words from Ray's mouth felt like Ray was talking about the Shadow plague and they were happy with his answer but Wilfred could see through this Nes person. He wasn't only talking about the shadow plague but he was also talking about the Humans as well.

Wilfred had one thought, "This man is a dangerous person."

He wasn't protecting them but using them.

Von then stood up and walked towards Wilfred who was stood by Sir K and Ann.

"I was actually hoping to invite you three to join the Red wings. Nes has allowed me to offer you an invitation to this group."

"Von have you gone mad!" Wilfred shouted, "Where do your loyalties lie, have you completely forgotten about the Divine being?"

Then suddenly Ann stood forward and bowed down in front of Nes.

"Please if you can, I would like to join your faction."

"Of course," Ray replied.

Ann had already made up her mind. Her daughter was already a part of the group and she would do anything to protect her daughter. At the same time, this man had saved her daughter's life twice and even hers. She had to repay him somehow.

Ray immediately offered her a contract and just like before, a piece of paper appeared out of thin air. As soon as Ann had accepted the contract a mark started to appear on her right shoulder.

"What in the Divine beings name is this?" Wilfred said.

Wilfred had never witnessed magic like this before, even the Dragon knights didn't have power like this.

"What about you two?" Von asked once again.

"I'm afraid my loyalty lies with the Divine being," Wilfred replied.

"I would also have to agree." Sir K said.

"Before you make up your mind, I want you to hear one thing." Von then turned to Ray and asked Ray a simple question.

"Nes, the other day I received a notification. It turns out I wasn't the only one but every member of the Red wings at the time did as well and there was something that stood out that I just haven't been able to get my mind off. The system stated that a skill called Dragon's roar had been activated."

Suddenly, everyone's ears were on fire. This was frequently a topic of conversation between the Red wings members and they had all come up with their own theories and it looked like finally, they would get an answer.

Ray was actually planning to bring this up himself as his winning point over Sir K and Wilfred but it seemed like Von was helping him out.

"All the skills I had gained came to me one day, suddenly I was told by something that I was a Dragon knight."

Ray had thought long and hard about a good excuse to come up with and this was the answer he came up with. If the others thought everything he could do was because he was one of the Dragon knights it would all make sense to them.

It would even explain why his skills had the name dragon in it and also why all members of the red wings had the mark of a Red Dragon.

This was also the conclusion that Von and Slyvia had come to.

"As you can see, I believe the divine being has chosen this man to lead us," Von said. "Will you two not reconsider the offer?"

Wilfred then looked into Ray's eyes one more time before deciding. Before answering, he clenched his fist.

"I'm sorry, I can't. I will do my best to support you but I must believe in the Divine being's words. Our saviour will come to us later in the form of one of the red-haired children. Even if it's not one of the ones at this academy, it might be the children at Roland or even children spread through the other kingdoms and empire."

"I respect your decision," Ray said, it was an unexpected outcome for Ray. Ray was surprised to see how much faith Wilfred had put into this Divine being.

"And you Sir K?" Von asked.

Sir K then unexpectedly started walking up towards Ray and stood directly in front of him.

The students gulped as it looked like Sir K was about to do something any second now.

"Can you make me stronger?" Sir K asked with serious undertone in his voice.

Sir K had felt humiliated when he went up against Morfran the Dark Guild leader and Sir K also had a personal grudge with the man. If he wanted to face him on an equal footing next time, he would have to get stronger but for the longest time, Sir K felt like he had hit a brick wall with improving himself.

Ray then looked at the group of students sat down.

"Jack, care to have a little spar with Sir K?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164 - 5 Percent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing his own name Jack immediately responded and started to head towards the front where Ray and Sir K were standing.

"Sir K, do you think you could take a full blow from this student here?"

Although Sir K might not have a crazy amount of Ki like Jack did, Sir K was a lot better at controlling Ki and also had better equipment.

"Sure." Sir K responded confidently.

Before the two were to do their demonstration, Ray made sure that Jack used a different weapon instead of his giant Great sword. Even if Sir K was confident, Ray would hate for a new member of the Red wings to get hurt in a demonstration.

"Now Jack, I want you to hit Sir K as hard as you can with your sword and Sir K do you best to block."

They both readied their grip on their weapons and just as Ray commanded, Jack gave a full swing aiming directly for Sir K's weapon. Sir K was prepared though and at just the right time concentrated all his Ki into the part of the sword where the two made an impact.

The power of the two swords clashing vibrated the whole room.

"That student is really strong to be able to do a strike that powerful," Ann said.

"Well, he is the number one student in the school," Martha replied, but as she said those words, another thought came to her mind. Was Jack really the strongest in the school? If she had to guess she would have to put Ray somewhere at the top as well.

It was a shame that he hadn't agreed to join the Red wings but Martha knew that was Ray's style anyway.

"I admit the attack was strong but this student has always had this power." Sir K said.

"Don't rush Sir K, the demonstration isn't over."

This time when Ray used the skill, he was ready for it, He tried his best to suppress the sound deep within him but it was useless and a loud roar came from deep within.

The Roar was so intimidating it caused Wilfred to draw his weapon afraid that the man was going to act. However, Von lifted his hand to Wilfred indicating that it was all okay.

At the same time, each of the members of Red Wings received a notification stating that all of their stats had been boosted by 5%.

"Okay now repeat the exact same thing again."

Sir K thought this was ridiculous, just because the leader let out a roar all of a sudden Jack's attack was meant to get stronger? Although Sir K had doubts, he still agreed anyway.

Jack swung the sword once again as hard as he could and Sir K lifted his sword at just the right time. Only this time instead of the two swords clashing in mid-air the strength was too strong for Sir K. He was forced to let go of his sword otherwise his writs would have broken.

Sir K stood there speechless.

"That little roar is an ability of mine, it will boost all members of the Red wings by 5%."

Sir K knew that 5 percent didn't sound like a huge amount but the more powerful you were the more a percentage would have an impact, 5 percent would make a huge difference.

That was a crazy amount to improve and not only that but Ray had also stated every member of the Red wings received this effect.

If he was to have an army of his own, a skill like this could change the tide of the battle.

Sir K then immediately went down on one knee.

"Please, allow me to be part of the Red wings."

After Sir K finished accepting the contract, the meeting of the red wings was over and everyone was to proceed there day to day activities as normal.

Although Ray now contained a huge amount of power within the academy, he didn't have control. It was important to keep the city functioning as it always has been doing, in order for the rest of the knights to continue fighting the shadow plague.

Once everyone had left, Ray sent a special message to Jack, Gary, Badger and Sloth, the only people who knew his real identity. Ray grew tired of staying in Nes's form all the time and wanted to just be himself.

The five of them met inside the academy on the bottom floor.

"So what are we doing here Ray?" Gary asked.

"There's something that's been bugging me ever since I first came to this academy. I plan to head back to the underground cavern and I want you guys to come with me."

"A good old adventure again huh, count me in," Gary said.

"You didn't have to ask boss," Jack replied.

Badger and sloth, of course, nodded in perfect sync.

With the increase of power in Rays Dragon's eyes skill he found out how complex the mines underneath the academy truly were. There were several paths that led through the whole city and one of these paths led to the cemetery.

When Ray first arrived, he saw in the Dragon knights' tombs below a red burning aura. The problem was the cemetery had always been guarded above ground but there weren't any knights below. Right now, it was a perfect time as well.

The knights in the city were few since they had sent two armies out. Most of the guards who were left behind had a connection to Von or Sir K in some way. If Ray was to give the order, they simply would ask the guards to step aside from the Red door.

Ray immediately sent a command to Von asking him to make sure that there would be no guards guarding the red door at a certain time. Although Von was interested in asking why he wanted to go back underground, he didn't question it.

Ray was slowly starting to uncover all the secrets of Avrion Academy and once he had enough power and learned everything he needed to learn, it was time for him to head to the outside world and pay a visit to Roland academy.

***

Special thanks to Fenrir2040 and kingog for the gifts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165 - The Dragon Knights Tomb
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray and the four others were currently navigating their way through the underground tunnel. It made him think back to when he had first met the Divine being. When a part of Ray was shared with the Divine being, he found out that the Divine being underneath Avrion wasn't complete.

The Crystal was just a fragment of the whole thing. Ray then thought back to the rumours about the Divine being also being underneath Roland academy. If he put these two things together, most likely a part of the Divine being was also located at Roland academy.

That's when Ray decided he needed to finish his business at Avrion academy and start to search the continent for these fragments of the Divine being. Perhaps then he would finally get his answers about what happened to him and what on earth were those visions he saw.

"Do you know where you're going because of those Dragon eyes of yours?" Gary asked.

"Yeah, they allow me to see through the walls and I can see a great distance."

"Wow, you can use magic, you can summon a beast and you can even disguise yourself as another person, maybe you really are the chosen one."

Ray didn't like being called that, this whole time he had been denying it but the fact that the Divine being chose to show him those images and no one else, made him think differently. Maybe he really was this person they spoke of in this prophecy but then Ray had another question to ask, why him?

After navigating their way through the tunnels for a while, Ray could finally see that they were directly above the statues of the Dragon Knights in the cemetery. Directly below where he was standing was a trap door, and in the distance, Ray could see the Red aura underneath.

"Let me go down there first," Jack asked.

Ray agreed, out of everyone here if Jack was to encounter something, he was the most likely to survive. Even though Ray had more power than Jack, his body wasn't as strong.

Upon opening the trap door the appearance of an iron ladder was seen. Jack climbed down first and once he gave the okay the rest of them followed. They carried on walking along the tunnel and then suddenly a large stone door was blocking the way.

This wasn't like the Giant iron doors they had seen before, this one was different. The Stone door had strange writings that had been engraved into the door but even Ray couldn't read it.

"What does it say?" Badger asked.

"I don't know," Gary said, "can you read it, Ray?"

"It says anyone who disturbs the dead will be punished with death," Jack said to everyone's surprise.

"You can read it?" Ray asked.

Jack nodded. The mystery surrounding Jack only grew but it seemed like even Jack had no clue why he could read it and the others couldn't.

"Do you think the doors locked?" Sloth asked.

Jack immediately then walked in front of the others and kicked the stone door as hard as he could. The door went flying back and landed up ahead somewhere in the cave.

"Looks like it's not locked," Gary said.

When walking past the door though. Badger noticed that there was a lock on the ground. This suggested that the door had been locked but someone had been here before them and tampered with it.

When they entered the room five rectangular coffins could be seen lying side by side. On the coffin, each of them had the symbol of Avrion engraved on the front.

"Wow, it's really the Dragon knights?" Badger said excitedly as he rushed forward but then Badger discovered something shocking as he looked at the coffins.

Bones and skulls had been chucked to the side and even some skulls had been smashed in.

"It looks like someone beat us to it." Garry said, "Perhaps this person was looking for the same thing you were Ray?"

Ray started to examine the bones and the coffins and noticed something.

"Whoever broke in, they did so a long time ago. The dust has settled on top of everything, maybe the person who came in here wasn't the same person who vandalized the coffins."

Ray then activated his Dragon eyes once again to search for the Red aura he had sensed before. When looking around the room there was another large black door at the back.

Jack then proceeded to move to the door and just like before tried kicking the door down but the result was different this time as the door remained sturdy.

"It looks like this door is like the others, I guess it's time to do you trick Ray."

Ray then walked up to the door and placed his hand once again on the door.

the message that appeared may Ray think a little bit, they were already in the Dragon knights tomb. Perhaps this room was merely a decoy Ray thought.

The doors then opened wide and they entered an even larger room. This room similar to the last had five coffins but they were more spread out and lot larger. The coffins surrounded a single large statue that stood in the centre. Ray had seen the very same statue once before.

It was of a woman who wore robes and a staff in her hand. When he had asked Slyvia about it she had stated it was an image of the Divine being. Beyond the statue of the divine being was an Arching open doorway but it was impossible for the others to see past it for it was too dark.

Ray then pointed at the open doorway and said.

"Just past there is what I'm here for."

"Please let me go first," Jack asked, "If there is something in there and you were to be badly hurt then we would all have no chance of surviving. it's best if I go first."

What Jack said hade made a lot of sense to Ray. Jack was a tank-type character who was able to take a lot of damage, while Ray was there Damage dealer.

Jack was the first one to go through the dark hallway while the others waited outside for Jack's response. After some time had passed there was no response from Jack, nothing.

Ray tried sending Jack a message through the system but he still had received no reply.

"What do we do now?" Sloth asked, "It shouldn't take this long to check if it's okay."

Ray also thought it was strange.

"Okay, let's go in together."

****

PS. if you like my stories you can check out my new Novel called My Vampire System. It will not affect the update schedule of this story whats so ever as this story is my number one priority.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166 - Green Slime
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group walked through the arched door slowly and cautiously. For whatever reason Jack still hadn't come back and wasn't replying to Ray's message.

Walking past and through the door, the room was covered in darkness making it hard for them to see anything.

Also, the red aura that Ray had seen up to this point suddenly vanished as soon as they had entered the room. Indicating that either his Dragon eyes skill was being suppressed or whatever he was looking for was able to hide its presence.

Gary was the first person to discover something.

"Over here!" Gary shouted as he lifted his light crystal to reveal a human figure stuck to the wall.

"It's Jack!" Badger said.

Jack was currently being held up onto the wall by what looked like a green slime substance. He also looked like he was passed out. Gary tried to immediately pull Jack out of the green slime causing the slime to stick to himself as well. Badger and Sloth also tried to help but the slime was just too sticky.

"let me try." Ray first tried using only a small amount of Ki but even he was struggling. He slowly started to use more power and finally was able to pull Jack out of the green slime.

As soon as Jack was free from the green slime he slowly started to regain consciousness.

"Huh, where am I?" Jack said as he looked aimlessly around the room.

"It's alright, we freed you from that green slime," Gary said.

"Green slime?" Then suddenly Jack remembered what happened but it was already too late.

"Watch out!" Jack shouted.

Then directly behind the group, a large green snake-like figure appeared around 10 meters tall. It bared its fangs and hissed out loud. Then it spat a big glob of green slime from its mouth. Jack's warning gave to group enough time to prepare and everyone managed to avoid the attack, each jumping in a different direction.

Everyone now could get a clear look at the figure. It had a snake-like body but also had three spider legs on each side. Ray looked at the creature closely but no matter how much he looked through his memory bank, he had never seen a creature like this before, even as his time as a dragon.

It meant Ray was unable to determine what tier the creature was. On the other hand, Gary did notice the creature but he had only come across it once by accident while he was reading a book in the library.

When Gary was doing research, he stumbled across a book of Mythical creatures. The book contained many stories about sightings of creatures such as Dragons, Vampires, and so on but these stories were never confirmed to be true and went down as mere myth.

The creature Gary was currently staring at was known as a Slime snake and it looked exactly as it did in the book.

The snake then looked towards Badger and Sloth and was readying for another attack. Ray quickly cast his fireball skill shooting a flame ball from the palm of his hand. It managed to hit the Slime snake right on the head.

The snake shook off the attack but it didn't seem like it had done much damage. Jack then came charging in at the Snake and swung his Giant sword hard at the creatures leg's but the giant sword simply bounced off.

The Slime snake then quickly wrapped it's body around Jack binding him causing him to lose grip on his sword and dropping it to the ground. Badger then jumped forward trying to free Jack but the Snake immediately shot out another slimeball from its mouth sticking Badger to the floor.

"Dam it! The beast is strong, we may have to run!" Ray said out loud making sure Gary and Sloth could hear him.

The beast's skin was to tough for Ray to do any damage to it. If Jack's swing did nothing then a punch from Ray would be the same. Right now Ray wished more than anything he had a high tier sword with him.

Ray then continued to fire his Fireball and Iceball at the snake. Although it didn't do much damage it did cause the snake to slightly flinch. In the end, the snake had no choice but to loosen its grip on Jack causing him to fall to the ground.

The Snake started to run away but Ray didn't want to let it escape. He started continuously shooting fireballs and ice balls. It seemed to work on the beast somewhat. Then when Ray caught up with the beast he went to cast his Ice bind skill.

Without even realising it, Ray had used up all of his mana. Each fireball and iceball skill required 5 mana for it to be cast and Ray was shooting them at the Snake like he had an unlimited amount of mana. In the brief moment were Ray had stopped using his skills the Snake managed to run off in the distance and could no longer be seen.

Before Ray did anything else, he decided to use his mana steal skill on the other members of the Red wings to fill his mana back up and would give it back to them once he had completed his task.

Gary quickly ran over to Jack to check if he was alright while Sloth went to pull his brother from the green slime.

"That thing was so fast and quiet, what was it?" Jack asked

"I think it was a Slime Snake, I read about it in a book once," Gary replied

"I've never heard of anything like that before."

The group then regathered as Badger started to slowly regain consciousness.

"Is it gone?" Badger asked.

"I'm not sure." Ray replied, "For some reason ever since we entered this room my Dragon eyes aren't working or at least they don't work on it."

"Well, what do you want to do?" Gary asked.

"Most likely that Snake was put here as a guard, which means it was guarding something big, let's keep going forward," Ray said.

****

Special thanks to Alexander_Bingham, Charler_Jaqoyo and Fenrir2040 for the gifts. Some new and regulars with the Gifts and I thank and welcome you all for helping me on my author journey!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167 - Lenny Steel
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Ray sounded full of confidence and wanted to carry on moving forward, the others were a bit worried. The beast was powerful and it looked like even if Ray was alone, he wouldn't have been able to do much to deal with it.

But they felt like they had no choice. They had agreed to help Ray and Ray had already helped them all so many times in the past before.

"Do you remember who that book was written by Gary?" Ray asked.

"I think it was by some guy named Lenny Steel."

Suddenly the name jogged a memory of Ray's. A long time ago when he had first arrived at Avrion, Ray went to try to find information about the Dragon knights. That was when he came across a book written by Lenny Steel that stated the Dragon Knights had special abilities.

Slyvia had told Ray that many of Lenny steel's books were widely discredited due to how much fiction he would write about and how he would exaggerate tales but rather than an exaggeration, it looked like this Lenny Steel author had experienced it all before.

If he remembered correctly, Wilfred had said he used to be a knight at Avrion academy who had been kicked out long ago.

"Did the book say anything about the Green slime?" Badger asked.

"It seems it just has a knockout effect, there's no poison so you don't have to worry," Gary replied.

Before heading further on deeper within the cave, Sloth discovered another body that had been hit by the green slime. The body had been there longer than a few days and it looked like the man was already dead. In his hand, the man held a letter.

Gary spotted the letter and immediately opened it and started to read and as he did, he had a concerned look on his face.

"What's wrong?" Jack asked.

"Ray I think you better read this." Gary then handed the letter over to Ray.

The letter's contents read.

This letter is an urgent one as it seems one of the red-haired children named Ray, is the boy spoken about in the prophecy. The boy could ruin our entire plans, it is impossible to expel the boy as he has the backing of the other elders and master knights but don't worry, we the Purebloods shall deal with his life before the Dark guilds attack. I have handed this letter to one of my knights to pass on to you.

When looking at the equipment the man was wearing even closer, they noticed that the man was wearing a white sash indicating that he was a knight of Avrion.

"Doesn't this letter prove that someone in the city is working with the Dark Guild and Purebloods?" Gary asked.

"Yes, but what is it doing down here?" Jack said.

"There's a possibility that the mines were used as a secret messaging service," Ray explained. "Maybe the beast wasn't a guard after all but had always lived down here."

"Can we use this letter to prove that maybe one of the elders or master knights are working against the academy," Sloth asked.

"Maybe not, it might be best to give the letter to Wilfred or Sir K, heck even Von and see if any of them recognise the handwriting," Gary said. "If not, there's no way to prove who wrote the letter in the first place."

The group continued to move forward and tunnels started to branch off once again in different directions. They were no longer underneath the Dragon knights Statues. Ray could only assume that the Red aura he had seen underneath was the Slime Snake they had encountered.

But Ray was determined to carry on through the tunnels in hope, he could find something. If the man who had died holding the letter regularly used these tunnels as a route, it meant he had to be heading somewhere.

Ray's dragon's eyes worked as normal down the tunnels which suggested that the Slime Snake had an ability to conceal its aura which meant it was indeed a powerful beast. Even Ray wasn't sure if he would be able to defeat it with his current power.

As the group continued to move forward, they went past many mining tools laid out on the floor.

"These must have been left behind from the people who made these tunnels," Gary said.

"Yeah but the question is why were they left down here?" Badger replied

As they continued walking, they were met with several more Iron doors. They had learnt from Wilfred that these doors were created once Beasts started to navigate through them and started to attack towns and cities.

But after unlocking another iron door instead of the cave-like wall that they had been seeing so far, they now were looking at a hallway that had been carved out perfectly using stone. The floor was no longer bumpy and was made of stone slabs similar to the wall.

Jack with no hesitation started to walk through.

"Be careful Jack, we don't want the same thing happening again," Ray said.

Jack nodded and this time the group started to walk through the stone tunnel carefully. As the group started to walk forward Badger managed to walk on top of a wobbly tile.

In that instant, a creature with a monkey-like body and fangs of a snake burst up from the loose slab. Gary immediately sliced the creature's head off with a single swing of his sword. The beast's head continued to roll on the ground while its body was now lifeless.

Badger's eyes looked like they were about to pop from his head.

"You're welcome," Gary said.

As the group continued walking, they encountered many small creatures through the cave but none of them were higher than a basic tier and they dealt with them easily.

Finally, they had come across once again another Iron door. Ray placed his hand on the door and the Iron door opened to reveal a large round room.

Light crystal technology had been used in the room so they were able to see everything clearly.

"Just what in the world is going on here!" Gary said as he stared at multiple human bodies, that had been chained down to tables.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168 - Stone Bridge
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the large room was a total of ten tables which each had a human body chained down to them. The bodies were in horrible shape and were lifeless. Most of them had bruise marks by their ankles and hands. Showing that they had struggled so hard to break free, that it caused them injuries.

Badger and sloth were trying their best to not throw up. The smell coming from the room was foul. Ray and Jack were the only ones that were able to examine the bodies closely.

"It looks like they were trying to perform some type of surgery," Ray said.

"What do you mean?" Gary asked who had now taken off his sash that was tied around his waist and had placed it over his mouth like some type of mask.

"Well if you look closely, every single one of them has had their hearts taken out."

Jack then started sniffing around the body as if his nose had caught a whiff of something. Badger and Sloth's faces were horrified wondering how Jack was able to put his face so close to something like that.

"The blood," Jack said. "It's fresh."

"Wait, does that mean it wasn't done too long ago?" Badger asked, "What if they come back here?"

They all then started to examine the room to see if they could find anything. They noticed that there were many strange Jars with different body parts of beasts. Some things were unrecognisable to many of them.

Then Suddenly, Jack spotted something in one of the Jars, it was a liquid he had become quite familiar with.

"Hey, Ray come over here," Jack said.

When Ray took a look at the continents inside the Jar, he immediately knew what it was. It was the same liquid that the Dark guild and Pure blood members used. When the members drank it, they obtained extra power form the Shadow plague.

"Perhaps this is all a clue to how the purple liquid is created," Ray mumbled but there was no way for him to confirm if it was true or not.

Ray then opened up the system to send a message to Slyvia and Von.

"What are you doing?" Gary asked.

"I've been making a map of the routes we have taken so far and it isn't good news. The routes from here either all lead to just outside the city or some places inside. It looks like the Red door and the Caves aren't the only entrances into these tunnels but not only that some of these tunnels have been made recently."

"You mean…"

"Yeah, it looks like someone is planning to attack the Academy again soon. So I'm informing Von and Slyvia of our findings, I'll let them deal with the rest."

The group continued to move forward after checking the room and eventually exited out of another tunnel different from the one they had entered. The whole underground system was like a maze and if it wasn't for Ray's dragon eyes, they would have been long lost a long time ago. Eventually, after taking several different routes, the group could hear the sound of running water.

After following the sound of the water the group had eventually come to what looked like a stone bride. On each side of the stone bridge was a waterfall that gushing down water into an endless black hole.

"How far down do you think it goes," Badger said.

"I wouldn't want to find out." Sloth replied.

The stone bridge was quite wide and ran about 100 meters long to the other side.

"Well Jack, you first as always," Gary said with his hand forward.

Jack was the first to step on the stone bridge and as he did, he started to jump up and down to test the bridge's strength.

"It's made out of stone you dingus!" Gary shouted, "It's not going to give."

Once Jack had made sure the bridge was safe, the group walked across the bridge together. After walking slowly, they had eventually reached the centre.

"Halfway, you can do it," Badger said to himself.

"Oh, right you've always been afraid of heights." Sloth said.

"I didn't think deep underground we would experience something like this." Badger smiled.

Then suddenly, from the sides of the bridge, multiple large tentacles started to appear.

"What the heck are they!" Gary shouted.

The tentacles immediately went for the group on the bridge. Gary slashed at the tentacles that came towards him slicing them and causing them to fall to the ground but as soon at the tentacles were cut off new ones would grow in its place.

Ray had managed to grab one of the tentacles and was hoping to pull up whatever the tentacle was attached to. But as he pulled the tentacle managed to snap at the same time.

Then one of the tentacles had managed to wrap around Sloth's legs. It lifted him into the air and slammed him onto the ground. When the tentacle went to lift sloth in the air once more, Badger came running forward and sliced the tentacle just in time causing his brother to fall to the ground.

Jack's body and attacks were strong but his speed was slow. Unable to avoid the tentacles attack, Jack was repeatedly getting whacked in the back by them.

This time when Ray grabbed on to one of the tentacles, he decided to activate his fire attribute hoping to spread the fire on the whole thing. Unfortunate while Ray was holding two tentacles in each hand, another two had grabbed him by the legs and threw him to the side.

Ray grabbed on to the ledge of the bridge just in time, otherwise, he would have fallen to his death. Then when Ray looked off to the side, he could finally see what was attacking them. Underneath the bridge was a slug-like creature who was stuck upside down on the bridge.

It had a single eye and had thousands of tentacles coming out from its sides.

Then when the group thought things couldn't get worse. They could hear the sound of giant heavy footsteps coming from one of the tunnels.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169 - Dark Pit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sound of heavy footsteps could be heard coming from the entrance of the tunnel. The group looked to see if there was anywhere they could run but behind them were the lenticels and in front of them was whatever was coming through that tunnel.

Then the figure's face started to come into view. With its bull-like horns and the human body, it was something that Gary had faced before. It was a Minotaur. Although this Minotaur was different from the last one he faced.

In its hand, it held a jet-black sword and all over the Miniatures body were random patches of purple fur. Its eyes looked lost and the white had been filled with purple.

"It's infected with the shadow plague!" Badger shouted.

"Dam, we can't go against that thing!" Gary said, he knew that the minotaur was strong and this one was infected meaning it was even stronger.

"We have no choice but to go back."

"But the tentacles!" Badger said.

"Just go back, trust me we can't beat that thing."

The group started to head back into the tentacles and now where completely surrounded by them. They were doing their best to slash and cut the tentacles but it was proving useless. The Minotaur had its eyes set on the humans and started to move slowly towards them.

Then suddenly, when the Minotaur was in the range of the tentacles, its target started to change. One of the tentacles wrapped around the Minotaur's leg and slammed it into the ground causing the Minotaur to drop its sword.

The tentacles repeated this, constantly slamming the Minotaur into the ground.

Ray who had been hanging onto the edge of the bridge suddenly felt like fewer tentacles were attacking him. Ray was waiting for the opportunity to pull himself up but he was too busy fending off the tentacles with one hand.

Finally, the tentacles had found a new target and that gave enough time for Ray to pull himself up and just as he did, he suddenly saw the Minotaur being flung off from the bridge and down below into the endless black pit.

Meanwhile, the others took this opportunity to run across to the other side of the bridge as quickly as possible, there were fewer tentacles now and they didn't need to defeat the beast but just get past it.

They had safely reached the other side but when they turned around to see where Ray was, they could see that Ray was stuck on the other side of the bridge, with the tentacles blocking his way.

Ray then took a deep breath before executing his plan. He looked at the tentacles and looked at his current mana pool. The Beast was too powerful for Ray to defeat but he didn't need to do that. Just like the others, all he needed to do was get to the other side of the bridge.

Ray then stepped closer to the tentacles until he was just out of their range. He then placed both of his hands on the floor and activated his skill, Ice bind.

A trail of ice left his hands and froze the first set of tentacles, Ray then immediately took off running and placed both of his hands out from the side of his body. As he ran through the forest of tentacles, he constantly cast the skill ice ball, shooting out balls of ice at the remaining tentacles.

"Wow, how can he do something like that?" Sloth said looking in amazement.

There were now only a few steps left before Ray exited the forest of tentacles but just then, his Ice bind skill had worn off and the original tentacles he had frozen were moving once again.

Ray then used all his strength to leap to the other side were the others were, however, a tentacle managed to just wrap around his foot and instead of slamming him to the ground like the tentacles usually did. The beast decided to just fling Ray off the side of the bridge into the black pit.

"BOSS!" Jack shouted as he saw Ray's body disappear into the endless black hole.

"Dam it!" Jack said as he looked over the edge. Jack looked down at the black pit and prepared himself as if he was ready to jump down there himself.

Gary could see what Jack was thinking.

"Don't be a fool Jack, Ray will survive this trust me, he's not normal like me and you."

"What do we do now?" Badger asked.

"We have to look for the boss of course." Jack instantly Replied.

"I agree but first, that ugly thing needs payback," Gary said looking at the tentacles.

"Don't be crazy!" Sloth said, "If Ray couldn't beat it, what makes you think you can?"

Garry didn't reply but he couldn't keep his eyes off the sword that the Minotaur had dropped. It was so black in color that something was attracting him to it. Not only that but suddenly the white lines had appeared all over the tentacles. Gary was confident in surviving the beasts attack now.

Gary then rushed back towards the tentacles, too fast for the others to stop him. Gary had only one thing in his site and that was the Dark sword the minotaur had dropped. When Gary had made it into the range of the tentacles, Gary immediately started slashing with both of his swords at the white lines he saw in his vision.

He was cutting the tentacles so cleanly that he only needed one strike. Badger and Sloth looked at Gary in amazement, they were truly watching the skills of a master swordsman at work. However, there was still the problem of the tentacles regenerating, even if Gary was able to slice them off, they would grow back in nearly an instant.

Then when the Sword was finally within reach, Gary threw one of his swords away off the bridge and immediately grabbed the Black sword with his right hand. A tentacle was coming straight for Gray behind him and in an instant, Gary turned around and sliced the tentacle with his new black sword.

This time, the tentacle didn't grow back.

"I knew you were special!"

***

Special thanks to chances, Alexander_Bingham, PhantomNite629 and DarkShadow_DS for the gifts I promise to return the favor for all these gifts at the end of the month with a drawing of one of the main characters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170 - Strange sword
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The tentacles continued to attack Gary and as they did Gary continued to swing both of his swords. When his regular sword cut the tentacles they grew back nearly instantly, while his new sword once they had cut the tentacles, they would no longer regrow.

The New black sword seemed to have some type of special property that worked against the beast. After slashing at a few more tentacles they eventually started to retreat and head back under the bridge.

"Good riddance!" Gary said.

Gary then quickly rejoined up with the others and Badger couldn't help but admire the sword that Gary was holding. It was Jet black in design but the edges were deadly sharp but then Sloth noticed something on the hilt.

"Hey what's that?

Gary then lifted the sword and looked at what Sloth was pointing at. Gary noticed immediately what had got Sloth's attention. Around the hilt where the sword joined a symbol had been engraved. A symbol of an eye with wings.

"Isn't that the Dark guild symbol?" Badger asked.

"Well it's mine now so, what does it matter?"

"Maybe you shouldn't keep it. What if they've done something to it."

Gary then gave the sword a few test swings.

"It feels fine to me, besides these tunnels are filled with deadly beasts, without Ray, we're going to need something to protect ourselves."

Jack then started to walk off into the tunnel.

"Hey, where you going?" Gary asked.

"In case you forgot, we need to find Ray." Jack continued to walk further into the tunnel and the rest quickly followed him behind.

****

Somewhere deep down below in the Dark pit was a pool of water from which was connected to the waterfalls above. Ray dragged himself out of the pool and onto the cave's ground dripping with water. His whole body ached from the fall and if he had to guess, a few of his bones had broken.

But Ray could tell that his body was already trying to heal itself. The new evolution caused Ray's body to heal at an even faster rate. Not quite at the rate of Jack's body but now the two were quite comparable.

When Ray looked at the water he had just come out from, he noticed that it was actually a river. The current wasn't strong but suddenly he also saw the body of the Minotaur float past motionless.

Ray then immediately opened his system and tried to send a message to the others, to make sure that not only they were okay but to let them know that he was too.

For some reason, the system seemed to be unresponsive. Then Ray tried to perform his mana steal skill on one of the Red wing members.

That too for some reason had failed. Lastly, Ray tried to perform one more thing, he walked up to the river and activated his ice attribute slightly. Then part of the river his hand was touching started to freeze.

"Looks like my powers still work at least."

Ray didn't know why but any abilities that required a long distance to use, were unusable at the moment. Meaning he would have to navigate his way through the tunnels and meet up with the others.

There was the possibility that the others might have headed back and tried to return to the surface, but Ray was still adamant about exploring the whole underground area.

So far it was full of beasts that he had never encountered in his life before and Ray felt like either the shadow plague or the Dark Guild had something to do with it. If the academy was going to attack by beasts of this caliber, then they stood no chance. Ray was better off running away from the academy with the others and forming a base somewhere else.

****

Jack and the others continued deeper into the tunnel. The tunnel headed downwards which was a good sign meaning they were heading in the right direction towards Ray, but the path soon leveled off and once again the tunnels no longer looked like an ordinary cave but instead was crafted fully out of stone slaps.

The area widened and they could no longer see the top of the ceiling. There were many paths through the tunnels and they continued to follow Jack.

"Do you even know where you're going?" Gary asked.

Once again, they had reached a point where they were able to select multiple routes to head down into. Jack started to sniff the air before choosing one.

"that way!" Jack said as he pointed at one of the tunnels.

"And how do you know that?"

"I can smell water, can't you?"

"What am I a dog?" Gary said.

Despite Gary's fears of them being lost down here forever, he had no choice but to trust Jack. After walking for what felt like hours the others were starting to lose hope.

"Maybe Ray is dead?" Badger said. "He would have sent us a message by now right?"

"or he could just be passed out," Garry replied.

"Why don't we head back up and call for more help. We can get Von and the others to call for a search team and have more chance of finding him."

"I don't think that's a good idea." Jack said, "Remember what Ray said, the academy could be attacked any day now. If all of a sudden many knights go missing to look for Ray, it will be the perfect opportunity. The academy is already low on knights as it is."

"Don't you think Avrion is already doomed?" Sloth asked. "You saw the beasts down here, Ray is the strongest person in the academy right now and even he couldn't deal with two of them."

Then Jack suddenly stopped and started sniff once more.

"The water, we're getting closer it's this way."

As the group followed Jack, they too could now hear the sound of running water. And eventually, they entered a large chamber with several different tunnels all leading in a different direction.

"Do you know which one?" Gary asked.

"The smell is coming from all of them and the sound is bouncing off the cave walls, I can't tell which one," Jack replied.

Suddenly the light crystals they each held started to fade.

"What's happening?" Sloth cried.

Then the lights went out and they were in complete darkness.

A sinister laugh could be heard and all of them recognized it well. It was Morfran the Dark Guild leader.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171 - Loyal Wolf
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The laugh was echoing through the cave making it hard for the others to pinpoint where it was coming from but they all instantly knew who it was.

The laughter started to strike fear into their hearts and minds as memories came rushing back to them of what had happened in the arena.

"It looks like we meet again dear students of Avrion"

"What do you want!" Gary shouted as he felt his legs start to go week.

"What I want is simple, the downfall of Avrion city. It has been my wish for the longest time. Unfortunately, my master has told me he has greater plans and in return, he will help me with my wish, which means you all need to die!"

Morfran began to gather lightning in his hands which allowed the others to see him clearly. He was wearing the same armour and helmet he had the last time they had met and he looked just as frightening.

"let's get rid of the troublesome one first."

A bolt of lightning flew from Morfran's hand and immediately landed on Jack's chest sending him flying backward.

"I won't make the same mistake last time!" Morfran said as he rushed forward towards Jack lying on the ground.

The light crystals started to work once again and the others could see clearly. Gary was able to predict Morfran's actions and had managed to reach Jack before Morfran but Morfran was unafraid and cast a lightning sword of his own.

Gary then swung his sword and at the same time, Morfran swung his. When the two swords collided, suddenly, Morfran's sword had disappeared. Morfran quickly jumped back a few steps.

"Where on earth did you get that sword!" Morfran Shouted.

Badger and Sloth then both approached from behind ready to attack but just like last time Morfran's armor had acted on its own and electrocuted the two. Only this time they did not fall and continued to charge forward.

"You little runts," Morfran said as he grabbed the two by the head and electrocuted them once again.

"Let them go!" Jack shouted.

He had recovered quickly and immediately saw that Badger and Sloth were in danger and started to charge in. Morfran threw the two of them to the side and once again created a sword of his own out of lightning.

Jack swung his great sword down and it collided with the lightning sword. However, when the two collided electric shocks started to be sent through to Jack's body. Jack felt pain through every bit of his body and was paralyzed unable to move.

"Get off him!" Gary shouted.

"You are not special, only your sword is." With his other hand free Morfran started to fire thunderbolts continuously in Gary's direction.

Gary did his best to deflect each shot. When he deflected with his dark sword nothing happened but when deflecting with his other sword the electric shock passed through the sword and hit Gary's body sending him flying back hitting the cave wall.

Gary, Badger, and Sloth, were too hurt to move but they weren't unconscious, all they could do now was watch Jack screaming in pain from being constantly electrocuted.

They knew Jack's body was strong but this attack was different. It didn't matter how strong Jack's body was the lightning attacks were affecting him inside just as it did everyone else.

Then something strange started to happen.? A power started to surge through Jack's body. His heart started to beat faster and his eyes were starting to change shape.

Jack was changing and the others were seeing this as well. A silver Fur had started to grow around Jack's body, his teeth had become deadly fangs, his face had turned into a snout but his body remained that of a human only two times bigger than he was before.

"HE'S A FREAKING WEREWOLF!" Gary shouted as he was reminded once again about a legendary beast he read about in Lenny steel's book.

The lightning suddenly wasn't effecting Jack so much anymore. He dropped his giant Great sword and grabbed Morfran by the shoulder.

"You filthy beast, let go of me!" Morfran shouted.

Then Jack quickly placed his other hand on Morfran's shoulder and lifted his two leg's kicking Morfran with all his strength, sending him back into the cave wall.

Jack quickly looked around the room to see where the others where. He first went to grab Sloth and Badger and placed them on his back. He then went towards Gary and carried him under one arm.

Jack moved at a lightning-fast speed and Badger and Sloth had to hold on as tight as they could, otherwise they would have fallen off already.

Morfran then picked himself up and immediately started to fire thunderbolts at Jack but Jack was simply too fast. Jack was able to dodge each attack with ease but instead of fighting, he decided to head back the way they had come from.

"What are you doing Jack?" Gary complained. "Kill the guy, if we finish him off now he can never bother us again."

Jack then managed to growl out a reply.

"Grwaant Charrnging backk."

Jack was struggling to speak with his now large mouth and large teeth but he still tried his best.

"You stupid wolf I can't understand you."

Jack continued to Run following the path they had taken on their way here. What had taken them hours to transverse before was taking them only a few minutes. Jack also now had perfect eyesight in the dark and there was no need for him to use his sense of smell or the light crystal.

Badger and sloth would contently look behind them, checking to see if anything or anyone had followed them but it looked like Jack had long lost Morfran.

Finally, they had eventually returned to the stone bridge they were on once before and slowly Jack's body started to return to normal and as it did, his body collapsed onto the ground.

"You did well." A voice said.

As Jack lifted up his head he smiled and replied.

"Thanks' boss."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172 - The power of Black knights
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the stone bridge, the group was currently resting just by one of the tunnels entrances. Jack was completely worn out and Ray could see his body slowly healing and even the others looked pretty hurt.

Ray had managed to just catch Jack transforming back to a human at the last second and immediately knew what Jack was.

Jack was what was known as a Werewolf, one of the very few true half breed creatures. Not entirely human but not a beast either. It finally explained why Jack had such a strong Ki force on his outer body and when that ki was used up, why Ray could see a red aura surrounding his heart.

Just like Dragon's the Werewolves of the past used to be plentiful but a long time ago a civil war broke out between their race. Some of the Werewolf's felt like they were a superior version of the human race and were meant to lead them. While others saw themselves as protectors for being stronger.

In the end, the war was won by the Werewolf protectors, for they also had the support of Humans but many of them had died in the process. It seemed like over the years there had been less and less until eventually, they had been long forgotten about. Even Ray had nearly forgotten about them until he saw Jack just now.

Ray started to think if Jack's parents knew they contained werewolf blood or if they passed it on unknowingly. Most likely someone in Jack's family should have known about this. Perhaps the Werewolf's had gone in hiding and if so, then maybe Ray would be able to use them in some way.

While the group was resting and healing up, they told Ray about their encounter with Morfran and everything that had happened.

"This is bad," Ray said. "If Morfran is down there then perhaps he is guarding the route. If they are using someone as powerful as him, they could be planning to attack the city soon."

Ray once again tried to send a message to the others above.

"What wrong?" Garry asked seeing the concerned look on Ray's face.

"It's my system, for some reason I can't use it to contact anyone."

"Then we have to leave now and warn everyone."

Just then from the tunnel the group was standing by, they could hear the sound of clanking footsteps. The others could no longer rest and stood up immediately walking backward to the bridge. Finally, the figures making the sound stood into the light of the crystals, their black armor could be seen.

Three Black knights in armor from head to toe, holding longswords came into view.

"Aren't they the Black knights of Avrion?" Gary asked, "What are they doing down here?"

But without saying a word one of the Black knights immediately dashed forward towards Gary. The Black knight was fast and swung its sword but Ray was able to intercept the strike with his gauntlet and then struck the knight with his other hand.

The knight went back a few steps but looked undamaged. This was one of the things Ray feared most. The Black Knights armor acted as some type of suppression device making their aura seem a lot smaller than it actually was.

Ray could never tell how powerful the Black knights were. All he knew was that they were Avrion's trump card and never left the elder's side and now he knew why. They were really powerful.

Badger and Monk were still recovering from the strike of Morfran leaving Jack and Gary being the only ones able to help Ray. They immediately went into combat with the other two knights while Ray was busy dealing with the first one.

This was the worst situation for Ray. He had to fight conservatively which he hadn't done in a while. In the past, he was able to be reckless due to his mana steal skill. He could always grow in power or use his skills as much as he liked and later use mana steel on the Red wing members but right now that wasn't possible.

Ray was trying his best to fend against the knight just using his gauntlets. If he was to use magic he would only do so at the right time. However, the Black knight was not only strong but incredibly skilled, far more skilled than the master knights.

Their swordsmanship was fast, swift and powerful. Clashes could be heard as the three of them continued to fight on the stone bridge but eventually, Ray had made a slip up completely missing with a punch of his.

The Black knight swung from the side at Ray, it managed to hit Ray's chest and pierce the Armadillo Chest piece causing a big cut along his chest and his blood to be drawn.

Gary and Jack weren't doing too great either. Both of them had yet to fully recover. Attacks that had landed on Jack that usually wouldn't have done harm to his body were starting to cause cuts. Jack was sluggish and slow from his transformation and the knight was too agile for him to land any attacks.

Gary fared only a little better manging to Block most of the Black knight's attacks but still, Garry was consistently on the defensive and saw no way of attacking back.

Ray watching the whole situation and was starting to get annoyed.

Ray then placed both hands on the ground and cast his ice bind skill on the Black knight. The Black knight's legs were frozen but they wouldn't be for long. Ray then Rushed over to Badger and Sloth and threw them over the others and into the entrance of the tunnel.

The Black knights didn't bother to try to catch the two in the air for they could deal with them later. The Black knight had finally freed himself from the ice bind but when he did, he was surprised at what he could see.

All of sudden there were two versions of Ray. Ray had cast his doppelganger skill.

*****

Special thanks to Christian_Jacobs, Xmarty_Xhumit, Alexander_Bingham, Fenrir2040 and DarkShadow_DS for the gifts. They fuel my power to continue writing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173 - Secret no more
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All of a sudden, the Black knight could now see two of the same person. The only logical conclusion he could come to was that Ray had to be using an illusion spell. He had already shown he could cast magic spells so an illusion spell wouldn't be out of the realm of possibilities.

The black knight then readied his sword unsure of which one was the real person. In the end, he decided to take a guess and attacked Ray.

Ray blocked the attack with both his gauntlets and was keeping the man busy.

"It looks like I attacked the right one." The Black knight said.

Then suddenly. Ray's clone started to run past the Black knight and towards were the other two were fighting.

"Run, Get off the bridge!" Ray shouted to the others.

Jack, Gary, and Ray's clone immediately di as they were told and began to run to the entrance of the tunnel as fast as they could while leaving the Black knights on the bridge.

Suddenly, the Black knight could see a smile on Ray's face.

"No you mad man, you'll fall down with us!" The Black knight shouted.

But it was already too late. Ray had gathered all of his remaining Ki into his two gauntlets and slammed on the ground causing the stone bridge to immediately break.

The others including Ray's clone had already made it to the other side and were currently watching The Black knights including Ray, plummet into the black hole.

As the three Black knights were free-falling in the air with Ray, the knight closest to Ray said.

"If we survive this, I promise I'll kill you down there."

Ray then smiled once again.

"Oh, I'm afraid I won't be coming with you."

Ray then activated his swap skill, swapping him and his clone's position. Once the swap was complete, Ray de summoned his clone. To the Black knights, it looked like Ray had suddenly vanished right in front of their eyes.

"But how?" The Black knight said.

Back up at the entrance of the tunnel, the group was also confused by what had just happened. They had not only just seen two Ray's but one of them had fallen into the dark pit.

"Err Ray?" Gary asked? "Is it you?"

"Come on, we can't waste any more time."

Gary jumped back in shock as soon as Ray had replied. They wanted to ask Ray what he did but decided to just leave it, by this point they were already used to Ray performing strange skill after skill.

Badger and Sloth were now able to at least move but wherein no condition to fight.

"Why would the Black knights attack us?" Badger asked.

"Most likely they are members of Pureblood," Ray replied, "Remember what you told me about Morfran, He mentioned something about his boss but isn't he the leader of the Dark Guild? He shouldn't have a boss and then there was that letter we found. It all confirms it, that the Pureblood, Dark Guild and Shadow plague are working together."

The party continued to hurry onward making sure to close all the Iron doors behind them. Although it may not slow down the Dark guild or Pureblood members, at least it would stop the city from being attacked by any High tier beast. They already had enough problems on their plate.

They had eventually made it back up to the red door and as they did, they all felt like a huge burden had been lifted from their shoulders. A simple curiosity of Ray's turned into a hellish nightmare adventurer but they had learned a lot on that trip.

Before passing through the Red door, Ray took on the appearance of Nes the Red wings leader. Just outside Slyvia and Von stood there waiting for them. Ever since they got the message from Ray, they couldn't help but worry.

Once they had passed through the Red door, Ray immediately went up to Slyvia.

"The Dark Guild is going to use the tunnels for an attack." Ray said, "And it looks like the Purebloods are on the move as well. We need to inform everyone as quickly as possible. Where is Sir K and Wilfred."

"I informed them of what you told me." Slyvia replied, "As soon as I did they immediately headed down below to protect the Divine being."

"I suppose that is for the best, Von, have all your best men guard the exit of the tunnels, any moment now they could be an attack and Slyvia I need you to get me to the highest point at Avrion."

When Ray had entered the tunnels, he had found out that there were not only two entrances that led to the underground tunnels but several. Many of them had been newly made most likely by the Dark guild in preparation for this attack.

Ray didn't have time to go around the city and check for entrances so he needed to be up high were his Dragon eyes would be able to see the whole city.

"That will be hard," Sylvia replied, "Only students are allowed in Avrion at the moment. We suspect Gibby is a member of the pureblood and is working with the Dark guild but he has required the knights to be on strict guard. It's lax here because of Von but it gets worse the higher we go.? If they spot you inside the academy for even a second there will be a man hunt for you "

Ray thought about what he should do for a while and then he had finally made his decision. This would most likely be the city's last battle, there wouldn't be much left this time and after this, he would make sure to get rid of every member of Pureblood and the Dark guild that plagued this city.

Then finally it meant there was no longer a reason for him to stay, which also meant there was now no longer any need for Ray to hide his identity.

"Will this be okay," Ray said as he canceled his transformation and reveled to Slyvia and Von who he really was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174 - Not my Father
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lost in her own thoughts, Slyvia stood there still staring at Ray. She had just seen a man who she looked up to as an all-powerful being suddenly transform into one of her closest friends. Emotions started to well up inside of Slyvia as she thought back at how Nes had saved their lives. How Nes had been looking out for them this whole time.

Whenever Slyvia thought about Nes, something didn't make sense to her. Why chose Avrion? why would a complete stranger do so much to protect the city and why invite her and her friends. Then Slyvia remembered the words Ray spoke to her at the arena.

"It's not your job to protect everyone."

Tears started to gush out of Sylvia's eyes.

"Why didn't you tell me earlier?" Slyvia said crying.

For some reason, Ray started to feel something as he saw Slyvia heartbroken.

"There number one target was me; it's always been me and I didn't want to drag anyone into it. I wasn't going to make the same mistake again. I needed to wait until I was strong enough but it's too late now and we've run out of time. The city is under attack."

Ray then looked at Von who's expression surprised him. Von just stood there with a big smile.

"I always knew it was you, Ray," Von said, "Do you think I wouldn't recognize my gauntlets you stole from my martial arts hall?"

Ray smiled back nervously.

"Don't worry you can keep them, I guess it's time to fix this sick city of ours."

Slyvia then looked up and started to stare at Gary.

"You knew this whole time! And you didn't even say anything!"

"Hey, hey I only found out recently." Gary said as he moved back towards Jack, "Besides we have more important things to do right now."

"He's right!" Ray replied, "Slyvia, Von, you two take me to the highest point in Avrion, I'm going to need your help."

Slyvia and Von nodded in response.

"Jack, I want you to come with me also, Gary, Badger, and Sloth, go gather up the rest of the Red wings, try to convince as many knights as you can to come over to our side. Stay on the ground until I give you orders, once I've located where their tunnels lead to, you need to head there immediately."

Ray then opened up his system and sent a test message to Jack. Jack had received the message fine this time, which meant his system was up and working once again. Just in case though. Ray gave command to Gary. If anything was to happen on the ground and Ray was unable to respond Gary would take the lead.

Ray then opened up his endless void and threw out the spear he had received from killer to Gary.

"Hand that over to Dan when you see him, he'll get a lot more use out of it than me."

Gary's Party then immediately left to go gather the rest of the Red wings, while Ray sent a message to all the members updating them about the situation. He also sent out a second message telling them to recruit as many people as they could, Ray was going to need every little help he could get.

Ray was ready to leave the city at any time and in truth he didn't believe they could win this battle. If the Dark guild and Shadow plague were working together and had many creatures like they had found below, then they didn't stand a chance.

But before leaving, Ray wanted to make sure that the Pure bloods who also worked with them would pay. Not only had they gone after his life but everyone else's as well.

Ray's group then left and started to run up the stairs. As they were going up each floor Ray noticed what Slyvia had said was true there were more guards the higher up the floors they were going. On the top floor was were the meeting rooms and Elders resided and, on the floor, just below where the master knights.

Sir K and Wilfred were in the tunnels protecting the Divine being which left Bernardo, Rose and Delbert. The fact that the Dark guild new the combination to the Iron doors beneath the tunnels meant that either a Master knight or Elder were behind this or maybe even both.

As they were running up the floors they Ran into a familiar face on the way.

"Harry?" Jack called out as he stood in their way.

"Please take me with you, I received the message, I have to go." Harry asked.

"It's not up to me," Jack said as he looked at Ray.

Harry had no clue why Jack had looked at Ray. In the message Ray had only stated what the plan was and hadn't mentioned he was the actual leader. The Red wings still had to believe their leader was someone stronger behind the scenes for them to have confidence.

Before Ray could give an answer, Slyvia had interrupted.

"Harry you do know there's a high chance we could be going up against your father."

Harry then clenched his fist.

"That man is no father of mine; I've known for a long time now that my father is a member of the Purebloods but I could do nothing against it."

Harry then started to look at Ray.

"You remember when you hurt my brother, well my father wanted revenge so he asked me to kill you. On that day when we met on the roof, I was meant to finish you there and then but I couldn't, what had you done wrong? What had any of the people my father sentenced to tunnels, what had they done wrong? I tried to pretend to not see it, I would ask my father what happened to our servants that had looked after me since I was young, knowing full well what happened to them."

"What are you talking about Harry?" Slyvia asked.

"They were used as experiments weren't they?" Ray said.

****

Special thanks to?Fenrir2040,?Comic_Brawler,?Cody_Smith_1583,?Alexander_Bingham,?DarkShadow_DS and?Laughing_Phantom For the gifts. you are all amazing people.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175 - Few for the many
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once Ray had heard Harry's words it brought back a memory for him. Why would Delbert send people to the tunnels that weren't a part of the Dark guild or Pure blood? Then the image of the people tied up to the tables came to his mind. Delbert must have been in charge of choosing who to send down there. He couldn't send knights because people would notice, so instead, he chose to send his servants.

"You're right!" Harry said now on his knees, "But even then, I chose to ignore what was happening to them, until the arena. When everyone was being slaughtered and attacked by the Dark Guild my father ran away before anyone else. Of course, he knew the attack was going to happen but did he tell me about it? No. Did he come back to try to save me or Sebastian? No. That day I decided that man is no father of mine. His son died in that arena and never came back."

Ray then walked over to Harry who was kneeling on the floor and offered out his hand.

"Humans are untrustworthy and it's time to get used to it but your part of the Red wings now which means your part of my family."

Harry looked up at Ray's hand, he couldn't believe this was the same person who he had beaten so easily only a year and a half ago. What had made him change so much? but that wasn't right either, no, Ray had always been like this Harry thought.

Harry then took Ray's hand and the group continued to go up the stairs. They had met no trouble so far as Slyvia and Von were with the group. until they had reached the 3rd from the top floor just underneath the Master knights' floor.

Standing by the stairs where two nights with white sashes.

"Stop right there," The white sash knight said, "No one is allowed to go up these stairs."

Slyvia then stood in front of Ray who had been taking the lead so far.

"Do you not recognize who I am, I am an official Elder of the council and by my side is Von the Ex elder."

The two knights looked at each other before giving a reply.

"I'm sorry young miss but we have strict orders to not allow anyone up here including you two."

"This is ridiculous, who gave you such orders."

"I'm sorry mam but we cannot say…"

Before the two knights could finish saying their sentence, Ray held both of them up by their neck in the air using his two hands.

"We don't have time for this!" Ray shouted.

"Ray you can't their knights of Avrion, there on our side!" Slyvia cried.

"They're not my knights!"

"Now tell us who gave you those orders?"

Suddenly as if the two were stuck in a trance they answered immediately in a monotone voice.

"Our orders were given to us by the Master knights Delbert and Rose."

Ray then chucked the two away from the staircase and into the hall.

"Can't you see something is already going on up there, they're trying to slow us down."

The two knights had immediately snapped out of their trance and stood straight up. They saw the group heading for the staircase and were determined to stop them. However, before they could even take a step Jack had blocked their path.

"I'm sorry but it's the boss's orders." With a giant swing of his greatsword, Jack managed to land a hit on the two knights and knocked them further back down the hallway. The two knights had completely passed out.

Jack then quickly left the scene and continued to follow the group up. When the group had arrived at the top of the stairs there were several knights standing guard on the floor.

"What are they all doing here?" Slyvia asked.

"This is strange indeed," Von replied

The knights as soon as they saw the others enter from the staircase, all turned in their direction.

"Halt! no one is allowed on this floor at the moment, you must leave immediately."

Slyvia then stood Infront once again.

"I am an Elder of Avrion, there is no place that I do not have access to"

"I'm sorry but we can't …."

Suddenly, a fist came flying towards the knight's face and sent the knight flying back into the wall.

"If it didn't work the first time what made you think it would work the second time." Ray said, "they only understand one thing."

Ray then placed his arms forward towards the knights and started to cast an Iceball out of one hand and a Fireball out of the next. The knights on guard weren't too strong so most of them were defeated in one blow.

"What the, you can use magic?" Harry said surprised.

Jack and Harry quickly followed Ray's lead defeating the remaining knights that Ray hadn't dealt with. Slyvia looked in horror at the scene. It wasn't like before where it was the Dark guild against Avrion or when they were fighting off assassins but these were their own people.

Von stayed by Slyvia's side and could see the pain she had in her heart.

"Look closely Slyvia, sometimes a leader must sacrifice a few to save the many."

Ray would have loved to use mana steal on all the passed-out knights right now but he didn't have time. His dragon eyes had shown him that something was happening in the Master knights meeting room.

"Follow me, come quickly!" Ray said as he ran towards the meeting room.

He couldn't tell clearly what was happening apart from the fact that there were three auras inside the room and one of them was weakening by the second.

The group saw the door ahead and Ray without hesitation slammed through the door causing it to break apart. When they had entered the room, they could see Delbert standing above Bernardo's body with a bloody sword in his hand.

"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!" Harry shouted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176 - Old Friends
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Master knights meeting room, Bernardo was patiently waiting sitting down on a long table placed in the centre of the room. He had been told to gather for an emergency meeting by one of the white sash knights and to come to the room immediately, so he did.

Eventually, Delbert and Rose both walked through the door and made sure to shut the door behind them. Unknown to Bernardo but Delbert had also made sure that the door was locked behind him.

"Ah, Bernardo I see you have made it," Delbert said with open arms.

The two of them then greeted each other with a hug. Bernardo had known both Delbert and Wilfred since they met each other at the academy when they were only students. The three of them constantly did missions with each other until eventually they had all been promoted to Master knights.

"Will Wilfred and Sir K be joining us any time soon?" Bernardo asked.

"I'm afraid this matter will only involve the three of us."

Bernardo's face suddenly became serious.

Bernardo always took a neutral stance when it was matters involving Wilfred and Delbert. For some reason, Delbert felt like his accomplishments were always overshadowed by Wilfred. This had caused Delbert to always act strangely when Wilfred was around and Bernardo could see that it had only gotten worse since Wilfred had become head of the Master knights. Even though technically Delbert was more skillful and powerful.

"I want you to cast a revote on the entire Council of elders." Delbert said, "We already have Rose and all we need is one more Master knight and then we can have anyone we want on the seat of elders."

"And what is wrong with the current selection of elders?"

"Can you not see? The system has been corrupted so much that we have allowed even a young girl to take a seat. I know you had some say in that as well of course but I believe you were only doing so because you believed in the prophecy."

Bernardo didn't say anything and remained silent, he knew there was more to this than just wanting to change elders.

"Sigh, You see, I have inside information that the city will be attacked today by the Dark Guild once again."

"Then we must inform the whole city, what are we doing standing around here?" Bernardo said panicked.

"Bernardo, you know we don't stand a chance against them currently. Our Army is spread too thin. We have already sent forces to intercept the Shadow plague to the nearby cities and villages and sent some more to the front line of the kingdom. If we were to be attacked now we wouldn't stand a chance."

Bernardo hated to admit it but he was right. But what else could they do but fight? Were they meant to run away and just let the Shadow plague take over like they had done to all the towns and cities before?

"This is why I've come to you today, I have made a deal with the Dark guild. As long as we allow two of them to become a member of the Council and allow them to join Avrion, then they will not attack."

"Have you gone mad!" Bernardo said in anger as he stood up from his seat. "There entire aim this whole time has been to kill us all, you've been deceived. The minute they enter this city we're all dead. I've heard enough of this."

Bernardo then picked up his trusty axe and started to walk towards the door. It was clear to him that Delbert wasn't thinking properly and he needed to inform the council of the attack.

But the second Bernardo's back was turned, he could feel a sharp cold metal through his stomach. As Bernardo turned around, he could see Delbert's cold face. There wasn't a hint of regret for his actions.

"Since when had he changed." Bernardo thought.

Then Delbert took out the blade and slashed at Bernardo's neck.

"I guess this means war?" Rose said as she just stood there watching the whole thing at the side.

Suddenly, the doors to the room had burst wide open and Ray and the others had entered the room.

"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!" Harry shouted.

Sylvia's emotions got the better of her and she started to shed tears once again. Although Bernardo didn't have a close connection with any of them, he had trained every single one of them every day. Bernardo was in charge of the daily training.

He always gave the students tips and never treated anyone differently like some other master knights.

"Looks like the cat's out of the bag!" Delbert said, "Would you believe me if I said he attacked me first?" Delbert said with a grin on his face.

Then when Delbert saw Ray he immediately dashed forward.

"This is all your fault!" Delbert shouted, "If you had never come to the academy then I wouldn't have had to kill my dear friend!"

Delbert swung his blade but Ray remained still and stood in place. Before the sword could even reach Ray, it had clashed with another mid-air.

"What are you doing Harry, going up against your own father!"

Harry ignored Delbert's words and instead turned to look at Ray.

"Please let me deal with this."

Ray understood what Harry was going through. He had seen his father slowly turn into a monster and he wanted to deal with it with his very own hands. Something Ray had just recently done himself.

Then an arrow shot came from the corner of the room aiming straight for Ray. This time Slyvia had taken out her shield and blocked the arrow but the shot was powerful as the energy continued to push Slyvia back. Then Slyvia suddenly felt a hand on her back holding her firmly in place and the arrow eventually fell to the floor.

When Slyvia turned around she noticed that it was the old man Von.

"Jack, Ray, we will deal with these two." Von said, "I'm afraid that something might have happened to the other elders above, you must go to them quickly!"

Although the two people they were facing were powerful, l Ray had no choice but to carry on moving. The more time wasted only meant there was more chance of them losing this battle.

Ray and Jack quickly left the room leaving the battle to the others.

****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040 and Alexander_Bingham for the gifts you guys are stars.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177 - Pure Blood Leader
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jack and Ray both rushed to the top floor above were the Elders resided. Once they had eventually reached the top floor. They noticed that this hallway was drastically different compared to the others.

While the hallways below were filled with guards, this hallway looked like a battlefield had already taken place. Many knights including black Knights had fallen. Ray quickly used his Dragon eyes skill to locate the other Elders.

Then he spotted that on the entire floor, there was only the presence of three human life signs which was bad. Ray took the lead while Jack followed closely behind him. The two of them were heading to the Elder's meeting room which was similar to the Master Knights meeting room, only they used a giant round table rather than a square one.

Ray once again burst into the room to find this time, the room covered in blood. The entire room had been painted red with blood. There was so much blood that it was even affecting Jack's nose slightly, as he flinched a little as the doors were open.

There were several dead knights spread out all across the room, including black knights as well, and worse of all, Ray spotted a total of four elder robes in the pile of bodies. Just from the state of the room, they could tell a battle had taken place.

Then when Ray went to scout the room in the corner, he could see Humfree on his knees begging for his life. While a black knight stood above him with his sword. Gib, one of the other elders stood behind the black knight with a huge grin on his face.

Ray leaped across the room to where the others were located but knew he wouldn't make it in time. As soon as his feet landed on the ground, Ray placed his hands on the floor and cast his ice bind skill.

A trail of ice immediately froze the knight's feet and kept him in place. The next second Jack had come over to the black knight's position and gave a huge swing with his Great sword. The impact was strong and the knight was unable to move, it was a perfect hit, that sent the black knight flying.

Gib stood there shaken by the two students in front of him.

"What do you two want!" Gib shouted, "I will expel you form this academy!"

"Your words no longer have any power here," Ray said as he moved forward and grabbed Gib by his large neck.

The black knight had immediately gotten up and straight away went to save his master.

"Leave this guy to me Ray," Jack said.

"Are you sure you can handle him?"

"last time I didn't have my full strength but this time is different!" Jack shouted as he swung his great sword down at the knight in front of him. The black knight had managed to avoid the strike, making Jack's sword hit the ground causing a crater to form. The strike was powerful shaking the whole room.

"I will leave it to you then."

Ray carried on to grab Gib by the neck and started to walk Gib to a nearby window that looked over the whole city.

"You will pay for this, the Dark guild will kill you all!"

Ray chose to ignore the man's words and continued to walk up to the window. When Ray had finally arrived, Ray opened the window and started to push Gib's body causing half of his body to be out of the window.? His attitude completely changed after this.

"What do you want? I'll tell you anything. Please I can get the Dark Guild to let you go free."

"Who is the leader of the Pure bloods?"

"I don't know I've never seen his face," Gib said with a shaky voice.

Ray then activated his fire attribute as lightly as he could, causing a burning sensation around Gib's neck.

"Stop! Stop! It's me, I'm the leader of the Pure bloods." Gib cried.

"Why did you send those men to kill me? is it because of the prophecy?" Ray asked.

"I never wanted to do that, I just wanted you gone from the city, I promise. The Pure bloods were just a bunch of people who didn't agree with the Prophecy but it was the Dark guild. They're teaming up with the Shadow plague they forced me to do this! They asked me to send people after you!"

Ray had suspected all of this but he wanted to hear confirmation from the man himself. Afterall the Purebloods were the people who had caused so much trouble for him at the academy. They had not only gone after his life but his friends too.

"Tell me, what is the shadow plague, who is the leader!" Ray shouted.

"I don't know I promise, No one knows! I've never seen his face."

Ray started to increase the intensity of his fire attribute causing Gib's neck to burn even harder."

"I don't know!" Gib cried out.

"Who or What is the Shadow Plague?" Ray asked.

Gib's eyes started to go white and his voice went monotone.

"I have never seen what the shadow plague is, I believe it is something that is not Human but I have never seen nor know what it is."

"Then you are useless to me," Ray said as he pushed and let go of Gib, causing him to fall from the window. They were currently at the very top of Avrion academy, the tallest point in the entire city.

Before Gib hit the ground, his mind was returned to him and he suddenly realized what situation he was in and the next second his body splattered across the concrete floor.

Ray then activated his Dragon eyes and started to look around the city and what he saw wasn't good news. There were several large entrances to tunnels placed all over the city. Not only that but all the locks to the iron doors had been unlocked and large red life forces were already near the entrances.

Any second now the city would be under attack.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178 - Boost of power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the ground floor of the city, knights were quickly running around gathering in front of the academy. Gary had just finished gathering up the other members of the Red wings to prepare for battle.

Gary and the others had also informed the other knights to prepare for an attack, even though they weren't members of the Red wings. The knights took there warning very seriously even though Gary and the others were just students. This wasn't something to joke about and there would be a serious punishment if they were lying.

The only problem was when Gary looked at how many people were ready for battle, it was an extremely low number. There were around 100 knights at most. There had been so much infighting and the men that Sir K and Wilfred trusted were sent off for battle against the shadow plague somewhere else.

Most of the students weren't expected to do battle either and stayed in the academy.

"What do we do now?" Monk asked.

"There isn't much we can do, we just have to wait," Gary replied, "here!" Gary then threw over the spear he was holding over to Dan. "Ray told me to pass that on to you."

Dan looked at the spear for a while and noticed it was quite similar to the one Nes had used that time in the arena against the Dark Guild Leader.

"Wait a minute, did you say Ray!"

Before Dan could even ask questions about what was going on, each of them had received a message of where the attacks were coming from but not only that, Ray also added at the end of the message to be careful.

The message stated that there were three main points of attack where they had built tunnels. The Cemetery was the first one, the Library, and just outside the North gate. These were where the biggest detected Aura's were. There were also a few other tunnels but Ray couldn't see anything major heading their way.

Gary then turned around to face the others behind him including the knights. Gary started to shout to make sure his voice was loud and heard between everyone.

"As you may know, only a few months ago we had a devastating attack from the Dark guild. Many friends and loved ones were lost in the battle. Today we are facing that very same thing. I know I'm only a student here and you may not all listen to me but we know better than anyone else about the Dark guilds dealings. The last time they attacked, there was just us fighting against them in the arena, yet we still managed to fend them off."

Many of the knights started to look at the students up front, some of them with their heads hung in shame. A lot of the knights when they first came to the academy came with a dream to defend and protect the people. It was why they chose to stay at Avrion rather than work as some Nobles guard.

But that day, when they were told to stay at the academy rather than go back and help. It was truly a sting to their pride and one of the biggest regrets they held in their heart. Gary and the others didn't realize it but at that time, the knights looked up to every single one of them.

Gary continued to shout out loud.

"We can succeed again, but this time I need all our help! Who's with me!"

The knights in an instant all cheered together

"Rahh!"

"Who's with me!"

"Rahh!"

Just then though, the ground started to shake and their eardrums started to vibrate as they heard the sound of several beasts roaring out loud into the sky. The sound had echoed through the whole city and everyone knew they weren't dealing with something small.

"Monk, Martha, you two head to the cemetery and deal with whatever is there, take a group fo 20 knights with you."

Monk and Martha immediately agreed and headed off with the knights as soon as possible.

"Badger, Sloth, and Dan you three head to the library, take a group of knights with you as well. And lastly, you guys come with me, we're heading to the north gate. The rest of you search the city and let us know is there's anything you can find."

All the knights agreed in an instant. Usually, they would feel odd following someone like Gary. He was younger than them and only a second-year student but his instructions and his talk naturally made them view him in a different light. Gary was a born leader.

The three groups immediately headed to the three areas and it didn't take long for them to see the enemies they were facing. At the cemetery were Monk and Martha were, they could see three Minotaur's standing among the graves destroying everything in their path.

By the library were the twins and Dan were placed, they could see a giant like a snake creature with spider legs. It was the Slime snake.

And lastly, at the north gate, the entrance to the city was the giant tentacle one-eyed slug that Gary and the others had met at the bridge. Only this time there were two of them.

As soon as the knight's eyes met with the creatures, they had instantly frozen in place. The knights had never faced or even seen creatures as powerful as these before. The other problem was there was no one to take command.

The master knights weren't there and most of the Squire master had gone out to do battle out of the city.

At the front gate, Gary noticed that the people behind him had stopped moving and froze.

"What are you doing, if we do nothing, we all die!"

But this time, Gary's words were completely useless. They were too scared, paralyzed by fear. Many of them wanted to turn and run but they knew they had nothing to run too.

Just then Gary had received a message from the other two groups stating the exact same thing. That the knights were frozen and too scared to do battle.

Gary was stumped. It was going to be impossible to face these creatures on their own.

Then suddenly a very loud deep frightening roar was heard from behind them. A roar that was louder than any of the beasts they ever heard.

The roar was so loud that even the beats were paralyzed with fear. Then suddenly all members of the Red wings received a message.

****

Special thanks to DarkShadow_DS, Amdusias with the massive wand, Alexander_Bingham and chances. This all really helps me continue writing everyday.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179 - Fall back
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Suddenly, every member of the Red wings could feel the power inside them grow, they felt energized. It was only a small power boost but the extra energy was addicting. Gary knew that now was the right time to act. He needed to take the lead.

He ran straight ahead and through the Gate towards the two Slug like creatures with both of his swords drawn. As soon as Gary was within range, the slug creatures threw hundreds of tentacles at him.

But Gary was ready, unlike before where he had to wait for the white lines to appear at a crucial time. This time they had already appeared. Gary spun around with both blades held in his hand aiming for all the white marks in his vision, cutting off all the tentacles that came at him.

Half of the tentacles grew back while the other half remained cut.

"Looks like you still work," Gary said looking at his new sword.

Gary continued to move forward as the tentacles continued to come at him. Gary felt like he was on top of the world and had never felt stronger striking each of the tentacles down. The knights continued to watch in awe.

However, when all was going well for Gary one of the slug-like creatures lifted its body to reveal it's underbelly. Underneath the creature was a horrible site, thousands and thousands of tentacles had appeared and came out all at once towards Gary.

This time it was too much for him to deal with. He cut off the first set that came towards him but then straight after another four manged to grip around his wrists and ankles.

"Dam it, how strong is this beast!"

Gary tried his best to wiggle free but it was useless.

The tentacles drew him in closer into the slug's body, where the tentacles started to part to the side and reveal a set of razor-sharp teeth.

"Is this the end." Gary thought, but just then, two knights came running out slashing at the tentacles holding onto Gary. Gary was set free and as he turned around, he could see all the knights had joined in the fight.

"Sorry, we took so long." A knight said.

*****

At the cemetery, there was no time for Monk and Martha to act, as soon as the minotaurs spotted them, they immediately stopped their rampage on the tombs and graves and came straight after the people.

"Everyone back up!" Monk shouted.

Most of the knights managed to flee and run back towards the centre of the town but one of the knights stood there motionless.

One of the minotaurs who held a giant wooden club in its hand walked towards the young frightened knight. The knight drew his sword but his hands were shaking. The minotaur lifted his club and swung it down but when the minotaur looked at his club, there was no blood.

"Are you okay?" Monk asked as he had managed to push the young knight out of the way at the last second.

The young knight nodded and then immediately got up and ran back towards the academy.

"What do we do?" Martha asked, "it's impossible, we can't take these three things down with just us two."

"Just slow them down, we'll do whatever we can to slow them down while heading back to the academy, then Nes will hopefully be here by then."

****

At the library, Dan and the two Twins weren't doing much better. The Slime snake had immediately shot out a slimeball from its mouth aiming towards Badger and Sloth. The two of them immediately dodged it remembering the sleeping effect the slime had.

Unfortunately, the slime hit a group of knights standing behind the two causing them to instantly fall asleep while being stuck on the ground.

"Avoid the green slime at all costs!" Badger shouted, "We can come back for them later!"

Badger and Sloth moved forward and managed to manoeuvre themselves between the beast's legs but when they tried attacking their weapons bounced right off.

"Dam it!" Sloth shouted, "Even Jack couldn't damage this thing how are we meant to?"

The two continued to move between its legs to distract the beast but all this could do was buy them some time. Eventually, the beast decided to ignore the two and started to once again focus on the knights.

"RUN!" A knight shouted. The knights immediately fell back and started to run towards the academy. The Slime Snake shot out another glob of green slime right at the knights.

The knights were fast but not fast enough, there were never going to be able to run away from the green slime. Then, just before the green slime had hit, Dan jumped in and whacked the green slime with his spear activating its special ability.

The spear flung the green slime back at the snake. However, the snake's body was agile and it simply twisted itself to avoid the slime.

"Monk, Badger we can't do anything here!" Dan shouted, "We have to go back!"

The twins hated the idea of retreating but it was true there was nothing they could to the beast.

****

Ray was currently at the top floor of Avrion academy, he was slowly watching all the battles take place all over the city. He knew the beasts were strong and was hoping his Dragon Roar would have been able to turn the tides a little bit but it was useless.

Slowly Ray could see that all three groups were heading back to Avrion academy and any second now they would all be just outside the front.

Ray needed to do something to help but he didn't know-how. He needed to get down there fast but was afraid by the time he had eventually gotten down, the three groups would have already died.

Then suddenly, a familiar sound popped inside of Ray's head and a screen appeared.

"What perfect timing."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180 - Master knights fall
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Ray was busy watching the ongoing battles in the city from out the window, Jack was busy dealing with the Black knight. The Black knight was doing everything it could to reach Ray. It had just witnessed Ray throw its leader out of the window.

The Black knight felt like it had two choices, to fight its way out of this situation or give its self up but looking at Ray and seeing his actions, the Black knight felt like even if he did surrender, Ray wouldn't let him out alive and he was right.

The Black knight looked at the person in front of him and could see that Jack was wearing a white sash. There were no ribbons on it, indicating he was only a student. The knight thought it would be easy work but after fighting with Jack for a while, he quickly changed his mind.

The Black knight could tell that Jack wasn't very skilful with the sword which made it quite easy for him to predict Jack's attacks and avoid them but the problem was in every single one of Jack's attacks, there was the intent to hurt someone.

When fighting they would usually be some faint attacks or weaker and stronger attacks in between. However, that wasn't how Jack fought. Jack thought with giving it a 100 percent in every one of his attacks. Meaning the knight had to make sure to dodge each and every single one.

Jack was equally getting frustrated with the Back knight. He felt like he was playing a game of whack a mole. Each time he would swing his greatsword the Black knight would slip and dodge each attack.

Not only that but Jack was starting to get tired. At first, when the Black knight's sword would hit Jack, it wouldn't do much and only leave a mark but as Jack continued to use more energy, the ki surrounding his body became weaker.

The Black knight could see this as well and decided to be patient. It would dodge Jack's attacks and continue to hit Jack's body. He wasn't doing much damage at first but finally, he was starting to see scratches and cuts appear.

Unknown to the Black knight, Jack's mind was occupied with other things.

"Why, why can't I turn into a Werewolf again, like I did back in the tunnels," Jack thought, "What is different between the fight back then and the fight now?"

Jack tried to draw more strength from his body but as he did the Ki surrounding his body was just starting to get weaker and weaker. The cuts from the black knight's swords were becoming deeper and deeper as well.

"Change!" Jack shouted as he swung his sword down at the ground.

Finally, the Black knight felt like Jack's body was no longer indestructible and he was right. All the energy surrounding Jack's body had gone. The Black knight dodged the swing down from Jack and pierced his sword right through Jack's hard abs going straight through his body.

When the Black knight went to look up at Jack, he was surprised to see him smiling.

"Finally!" Jack said.

Jack felt his heartbeat louder than ever. The energy through his veins started to pump into his muscles once more. The Black knight could see Jack slowly getting bigger, He tried to pull his blade out of Jack's stomach but it was stuck.

He pulled and pulled but it was useless.

And then Jack's transformation was complete.

****

On the floor directly below where Jack was fighting, two battles of their own were taking place. Harry was fighting against his father Delbert while Slyvia and Von were up against Rose.

"How could you do this to your students!" Slyvia cried, "Martha looked up to you, she wanted to be like you."

"If she wanted to be like me that much, then why doesn't she come over to my side," Rose said as she fired out another arrow.

Slyvia lifted up her shield once again to block the arrow but this time Von was behind Slyvia. He held Slyvia by her shoulders keeping her in place. With the two of them, they were an equal match for the master knight in terms of power.

"Slyvia, there is no use arguing," Von said as he looked at Bernado's dead body on the floor. "They have already gone too far."

Slyvia then drew out her blade and immediately charged forward while Von followed. The move was unexpected and Rose continued to fire arrows while moving away but she soon realized that there was a problem. The room was small and didn't give much space for Rose.

The number one strength for an archer was their range and in this room, it was almost unusable. Rose continued to fire arrow after arrow but even then, it seemed like her attacks were getting weaker. This was what Slyvia had planned all along.

For an arrow to reach its max speed and strength there needed to be some distance.

Rose could see this and quickly gave up on the idea, she took two of her arrows and held it in both hands like daggers.

"You think my close combat skills are that weak that I can't deal with one student."

Rose said as she waited for the right moment. When Slyvia was finally close enough she moved to the side and kicked Slyvia's shield and at the same time Rose spun her body with the arrow in her hand, determined to finish Slyvia off.

As the arrow was inches away from Slyvia's head, Rose's hand suddenly stopped.

"Why don't you have a go with me?" Von said as he held Rose's hand.

Rose then went to strike Von with her other hand but Von quickly grabbed that one as well. Von then kicked Rose's legs causing her body to tumble and threw Rose over his shoulder and to the ground.

"I'm quite confident I can beat anyone with my hand to hand skills," Von said.

Meanwhile, the fight between Harry and Delbert wasn't going so well. Delbert was simply just a better version of Harry in every single way. After all, his father taught him everything he knew. Eventually, Delbert managed to knock Harry off his feet and was holding his sword by Harry's throat.

"You wouldn't kill your own son, would you?" Harry asked.

"You think this is the first time, I wonder did I really send Sebastian off to another city. He was sent to the tunnels long ago!"

Harry couldn't believe his ears, a little bit of him had hopped his father was still there inside but now he saw he was completely gone. Harry closed his eyes waiting to accept his fate.

Then suddenly, the room started to shake. Then Von felt a tiny piece of stone fall on him from above.

"Move!" Von shouted.

At that exact moment, the ceiling above had caved in. The entire ceiling collapsed. Dust was thrown about everywhere and finally, when everything started to settle, they could see two figures on top of the table.

Standing tall and huge they could see a giant white-furred beast that held a great sword in its hand. The greatsword had completely sliced the black knight in half and towering above the black night was what was known as a Werewolf.

***

Special thanks to Abhijith_Ramesh, DarkShadow_DS, Alexander_Bingham, PhantomNite629, and Fenrir2040 who is now Number 2 on Top supporters. Thank you to each and every one of you, will be making a list soon of everyone who has gifted and give them some sort of prize. Thank you so much ????

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181 - Misunderstanding
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is that!" Slyvia shouted as she pointed at the beast.

"I can't believe it, I thought they had long gone extinct." Von said, "it's the legendary Werewolf."

Due to Von's warning, just a second before the ceiling had collapsed. Slyvia and Von had managed to avoid most of the rubble by jumping to the side of the room. Only the centre part of the floor above had collapsed.

While this had happened, Harry took advantage of the commotion to turn the situation around. While Delbert was focusing on what was going on in the room and around him. Harry never for a second let his eyes go away from his father.

Delbert was covered in rubble from the roof and as soon as he lifted the pile of ceiling parts of him, his eyes were drawn to the large beast in the centre of the room. Harry in this instant, dashed across and without a second thought and slashed directly under Delbert's neck.

Blood splattered against the wall and Delbert's pupils started to shrink, then finally, he collapsed on the floor.

"May you rot In the flames of Sen."

Now every single person had their eyes on one thing in the room. That was Jack who had transformed into a Werewolf and was standing on top of the table.

"It looks like he killed a black night." Slyvia said, "What should we do, can we take the beast on?"

"It will be hard, the strength is rumoured to be legendary, I doubt there is a person who could defeat it in a one on one fight."

Jack suddenly started to look around and noticed that Slyvia and the others were looking at him strangely. He could see the fear in their eyes.

"nerggh Warrt iss meff jracck." Jack was still struggling to speak in his Werewolf form as his large teeth got in the way.

"Is the beast trying to say something to us," Slyvia questioned but it was too hard to understand.

Then Jack started to point at his giant great sword hoping the others would recognise it.

"NO!" Harry shouted, "How could you, you killed Jack."

Of course, Harry recognized the sword almost instantly. He had spent the most time around Jack and always felt like he had a debt to pay. He had not only just lost every single member of his family but now his best friend as well.

"I'll kill you!" Harry shouted.

"itrss mreee!" Jack tried saying one more time but it was useless.

Then Jack noticed movement in the room. As he scanned the room with his eyes, he could see that Rose was trying to sneak out and she had snuck by the door.

Jack immediately jumped off the table and moved at lightning speed grabbing rose.

"You can use her as a hostage, we don't care about her anyway," Harry said.

Jack was just getting more and more frustrated that no one was understanding him. So he decided to take care of Rose there and then. Using his giant muscles and claw, he ripped Rose into rose's Neck and dropped her to the floor.

"Dam, he's too powerful." Von said, "He's too fast and powerful there's no way we can beat him."

"What about Ray?" Slyvia asked, "Why don't we message Ray and ask for help, wasn't he above with Jack, what if he's dead."

Then suddenly hearing Slyvia's words Jack had a brilliant idea. There was no need for him to speak, he could use the system to send a message.

Jack immediately opened the system and sent a message to Slyvia as soon as possible but while he was doing so, Harry had grown tired of being cautious, his anger had gotten the better of him and he immediately went in to strike Jack.

Lucky for Jack, Harry's movements seemed incredibly slow in the eyes of Jack. Jack was able to use the system while avoiding Harry's strikes and finally he had sent a message to Slyvia.

"Harry stop!" Slyvia shouted.

"Why, he killed my friend."

"No, we got it wrong! That's Jack."

Harry suddenly stopped swinging his blade and soon realized that the Werewolf wasn't attacking him back. This whole time all Jack had been doing was dodging him.

"itrdds truueue" Jack managed to howl out.

"This is amazing." Von said in excitement, "One of our very own students is a legendary beast, I can't believe it. In all my life I would never suspect one of our students to be so extraordinary."

Jack then sent a message to all of them telling them to grab onto him while he headed outside. Telling them that Ray had already left a while ago and it had looked serious.

Once everyone held on tight onto Jack's back. Jack went full speed down the stairs towards the entrance of Avrion academy.

***

Outside of Avrion academy, the three groups were unable to deal with the beasts. They continued to back up while fighting the beats and eventually all three groups had arrived at the entrance of Avrion academy.

Gary turned around and could see the academy just behind him. To his left was Monk and Martha who were busy dealing with the Minotaurs and to his right were the Twins and Dan dealing with the Slime Snake. Gary had hoped that one of the groups would have at least been able to do something but there was no such luck.

"Are we all going to die?"

Gary was doing his best fending of the tentacles from the Slug but then suddenly one of the Minotaurs from the left started charging towards him. It was impossible for Gary to deal with both of them at once.

"Oh no! the Minotaur!" Monk shouted as he saw one of them leave the group and head for Gary.

Then when the minotaur was within striking distance out of nowhere. a black-furred figure flashed in front of Gary's eyes. The minotaur had completely disappeared and in its place was a large black wolf and on top of that Wolf was Ray.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182 - Back up has arrived
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary had to rub his eyes just to make sure he wasn't seeing things. One second there was a Minotaur charging at him and the next second it was replaced with a giant wolf. Gary started to examine the wolf closer and soon realized that it looked similar to the one Ray had before.

"That couldn't be the same one as last time, right?" Gary thought.

Before Gary had a fear of wolves since his attack as a child but his fear went away once Noir had made a great sacrifice. The last time he had seen her was when Gary was fighting with a member of Pure blood, Noir Jumped in front of him and took a blow getting hurt in the process.

But the Wolf he was looking at now was quite different from the one he had seen before. Noir used to be the size of a tiger. However, the Noir he was looking at now was the size of a small house.

The Minotaur was knocked away but quickly got up. Although Noir was big in size her strength wasn't quite there yet. Ray had no armor to give Noir to take advantage of her new ability, meaning her strength was only slightly stronger than before.

"Is that Ray, and I think it's that wolf that saved us last time!" Monk said.

Ray quickly Jumped of Noir's back and fired Ice balls from his palm towards the tentacles reaching out to grab Gary.

"Attack now!" Ray shouted.

Gary immediately sliced the tentacles. With the combination of Ray's ice ball and Gary's new sword, it was a lot easier to deal with all the tentacles coming towards him.

"Since when could Ray use magic, and what's with his giant wolf!" Martha asked.

"I don't know about the magic but the wolf I've seen before." Monk replied, "Now that I think about it doesn't the ice abilities and equipment Ray is wearing remind you of someone?"

Then at the same time, they both realized who it reminded them of. It was Nes. Right now Ray was wearing his best equipment which was what he would usually wear when he was disguised as Nes.

"You don't think Ray was Nes this whole time do you?" Martha asked.

Suddenly, everything started to make sense to Monk but the two didn't have much time to think about whether Ray was Nes or not, for the other two Minotaurs' attention quickly focused on them.

Ray then commanded Noir to go and help Monk and Martha to deal with the Minotaur's but he knew it wouldn't be enough.

Ray looked around at the situation and the enemy still had the upper hand even with his and Noir's help. Right now the people who needed help most were Dan and the Twins but Ray was too busy dealing with the two slug creatures with Gary.

If only they had some extra help Ray thought.

Most of the knights that were originally helping Dan and the twins had either been knocked out by the green slime or were dead. Leaving only the three of them to deal with the Slime Snake. It felt like an impossible task, they weren't even able to injure the beast so how could they defeat it.

The only upper hand they had was Dan's spear. Every time the Snake would shoot a green slime ball Dan was able to hit it back using his spears ability. However, the snake eventually started to learn and instead of shooting a green Slimeball at Dan, it decided to go in with a bite.

The snake opened its jaws wide and slithered its head towards Dan.

"Watch out!" Badger shouted.

"I can see the dam thing but it's too fast" Dan replied.

All Dan could do was prepare for the attack. The Snake was too fast. Dan stood firm with his spear held in his hand. The snake's jaws were now directly above Dan and all it needed to do was snap its jaw to finish him.

Then suddenly, Dan's vision was blocked. All he could see in front of him was a large human shape figure with white fur.

"grheyft outdf herehr!" The fur figure said.

"What did you say?" Dan asked.

"Get out of their Dan!" Slyvia shouted.

Dan immediately did as he was told and when he looked back, he now had a full view of what had saved him from the snake's bite. It was a muscular Werewolf who was holding the snake's mouth wide open with his bare hands.

"Remember me!" Jack said although it sounded nothing like this.

"This is payback for what you did to me in that dam tunnel." Jack used all his strength to close the giant Snake's mouth and then shoved his claw into the snake's eye. The Snake started to make all sorts of noises as it shook its body.

"What the heck is that thing?" Dan asked as he went to join with the others.

"It's Jack," Slyvia replied.

Dan was too shocked even to give a reply back. Too many strange things had happened since he had joined the academy but this was the strangest of them all.

With the help of Jack and the others, the battlefield started to even out more. Gary and Ray were starting to push the slugs back. While Noir also helped to even out the fight against the Minotaurs.

Suddenly things were starting to look upon the battlefield.

Then finally Ray and Gary had managed to defeat one of the slugs. In the end, Gary was the one who had finished it off with his blade while Ray used his ice abilities to freeze it in place.

"Keep going!" Ray shouted, "We can win this."

But just as Ray said those words, he could suddenly see in the distance with his dragon eyes. More Red auras heading his way. There was a total of 5 new beasts who had come out form the tunnels and were heading straight for the academy.

At the same time, the rain started to drop from the sky, the winds started to blow and a storm was coming. As if it was a sign for the worst things to come.

Ray had to quickly make a choice, to abandon the academy or continue on a hopeless fight.

***

Special thanks to AbyssalSovereign, Brandon_Anderson_4975, Janelle_Evwoh_6886, Fenrir2040, Alexander_Bingham and Lyric_ just for the gifts they give me the extra power I need to write these chapters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183 - Victory too soon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The weather had drastically changed and now it was pouring buckets of rain from the sky. The wind was also ferocious and strong enough to blow over a normal human. Due to this, the group couldn't see so far in the distance but Ray could.

Ray had seen what was ahead due to his dragon eyes and it was big trouble.

While the team's morale was high Ray was careful not to tell anyone of what was coming ahead. It would still take some time before they reached the academy.

Judging by the strength of their aura the beasts ahead were equally as strong, if not even stronger but there was no were for them to run. The first thing Ray needed to do was defeat the current beasts in front of him.

One of the tentacle slug monsters had been defeated but there was still one more to go. However, Ray was low on mana so they weren't able to defeat this one as fast as the one before. Ray continued to attack the beast by pulling and holding onto the tentacles while Gary used his special sword to cut the tentacles.

This was the only thing they could do for now, If Ray pulled or ripped the tentacles they would simply regrow, meaning they would have to slowly rely on Gary's sword.

Over by the Minotaurs, Von, Slyvia, and Harry had decided to Join up with Monk, Martha, and Noir. Martha was currently charging up her Ki to deal a devastating strike to one of the Minotaurs but while her attention was focused on one, another came up to her side and lifted its club.

"lookout!" Slyvia shouted as she dived forward and lifted her shield. The club collided with the shield but the attack was too strong, causing Slyvia to let go of her shield and have it fly off into the air.

"Dam! I need time to charge up an attack." Martha shouted.

The Minotaur quickly set its sight on the two girls again. The others were to busy dealing with the other two, so there was no one around to help. But before the Minotaur could even get close, Noir came swooping in and picked the two up by their collars using her mouth.

"Who's a good wolf!" Martha praised.

Noir quickly took the two further back and out of harm's way.

"What do we do?" Martha asked, "We need to take one of the Minotaur's but I can't just stand still and charge an attack."

Slyvia though for a while, then when she looked at Noir, suddenly she had an idea.

"Why don't you go on its back!" Slyvia pointed at Noir, "Noir can dodge and avoid their attacks while you fire from the top."

"That's a great idea, but how do we ask the wolf?"

The two looked at Noir and they felt a shiver run down their spine. Noir was quite scary looking. She stood as big as a house and had dark black fur. On top of her head was a horn and she also had razor-sharp teeth. It was quite natural for them to be afraid of such a thing.

Slyvia then slowly started to approach Noir.

"You, her, on your back" Slyvia said as she made some motions to try to demonstrate what she was trying to say.

"Do you really think the wolf's going to understand?" Martha said.

But the next second Noir lifted and threw Martha in the air just high enough to land on her back.

"Wow!" Martha said, "It looks like she did understand, this beast is amazing."

While Von, Monk, and Sylvia distracted the three Minotaurs on the ground, Martha was able to stay on Noir's back and focus her Ki into her arrows. She didn't use all of her Ki as she knew it was important to conserve her energy if she wanted to take them all out.

After Firing arrow after arrow at one of the Minotaurs eventually it started to slow down and the others were able to finish it off.

On the other side, Jack was busy dealing with the Slime snake. Jack was currently on the back of the slime snake and was doing its best to hang on. The snake was constantly shaking trying to get Jack off but his claw has heavily stuck into the Snake's back.

Jack continued to slash at the snake and once in a while, the snake would try to shoot its green slime at Jack. Whenever that did happen though, Dan was able to come in at the right time and knock the green slime back.

Black blood was pouring from the snake and starting to leave a trail all over the place but like a madman, Jack continued to attack a single spot while stuck on the snake's back. Eventually, Jack had torn off so much of the Snake's skin and flesh that he finally able to see bone.

Jack then lifted both of his hands and struck the bone of the snake as hard as he could.

*Crack

The sound of the snake's bone being torn in half could be heard and now the snake was split in half. Now the snake was unable to do anything but wiggle around on the floor.

Jack hoped off the snake's back and went to join Dan. Then slowly Jack's body started to shrink in size and finally started to look like he once did before.

"I can't believe it, it really is you!" Dan said.

"I told you all," Jack said as he huffed and puffed covered in sweat.

The transformation used up an incredible amount of energy and for the next few hours, Jack knew he wouldn't be able to fight.

The two continued to watch the snake wriggle about until finally, the snake had stopped moving.

"We did it!" Dan Screamed

At the same time, each group had also finished dealing with all of the beasts and a cheer erupted between each person all apart from Ray.

Ray continued to look off in the distance.

"What's wrong Ray?" Gary asked.

"We're too late, they already here!"

The visibility was a little bit poor due to the heavy rain but eventually, they could see what Ray was looking at.

The sound of buildings being crushed and broken could be heard in the distance, as the beasts quickly tore each one down, and then finally, they could see the image of five more Slime Snake's heading their way.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184 - 10 vs 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the students saw the five giant Slime snakes head their way, their faces quickly went from smiles of victory, to faces of horror. Not only had they spent up most of their energy and Ki fighting off the beasts but the Slime Snake was one of the more difficult beasts to deal with.

The Slime Snake's skin was incredibly tough and so far, not one person was able to penetrate it. Not even Ray. The only person who had done any damage to it so far was Jack but that was only when he had transformed into his Werewolf form and right now Jack was in no condition to fight.

Gary turned to look at Ray and soon after everyone else had as well. they were all looking to Ray for guidance on what to do.

"Dam you guys, don't look at me like that!" Ray thought, "There's nothing I can do, I've helped out as much as I can already."

Ray gripped his fist tightly as he looked at the Slime snake's coming closer and closer towards him. Right now Ray was able to use Noir to escape from the city. He would be able to live but everyone else would die for sure.

But even if Ray fought with them, their chances of winning this fight were extremely low. Near impossible. Was it so wrong for him to abandon these people in front of him?

Ray then looked at each member, Gary who had saved his life when he was younger and always stuck by his side, Jack who was incredibly loyal since the day he had saved him, not even once had Jack thought of betraying him.

Badger and Sloth who looked up to Ray like a brother and put their trust in him. Monk who thought of Ray as a family member, Martha who was always positive and tried to cheer him up, Dan who…. Ray was unable to think of a positive for Dan but he was still a member of the Red wings.

Harry who had taught him a lesson instead of ending his life, Von who never saw Ray as a threat but only a student and finally Slyvia, the first person to say he wasn't a monster.

"You guys hold them off as long as you can, I promise I'll be back!" Ray shouted as he headed back into the academy.

"Do you really think he has a plan!" Dan asked.

"What choice do we have, we just have to trust him!" Gary shouted.

Harry quickly moved Jack back into the academy and then joined the others as they prepared to fight the beasts ahead. Without a doubt, this was going to be the toughest fight of their lives.

"Avoid the green goo otherwise your done for," Badger said.

Then when the giant snakes were about 20 meters away, each of them fired a green slime ball out of their mouths. The group was ready and avoided the green slime, then straight after went in for the attack. Martha called out to Noir and Noir immediately placed her on her back.

Martha stayed a distance away firing arrows but every single arrow would just bounce off the snake's scales.

"What the hell! Even with my Ki it isn't doing anything."

Then when Gary was able to get underneath one of the snakes, Gary swung his sword wide at the snake and managed to make a cut.

"Wow, how strong is this sword?"

But while Gary was admiring his new sword the snake had jumped up in the air ready to slam its body down on him. Luckily monk managed to come and pull Gary out to safety.

"Never say I owe you one again," Monk said.

"Thanks for that."

The group continued to battle against the snakes but each attack was having no effect and all of them felt weak from the battles they had just fought. Eventually, the group started to become sloppy. One of the snakes whipped its tale and knocked back four of them to the ground.

A slime ball followed but the group managed to roll away.

The group decided to regroup and try to come up with a new plan as it was clear that they were going to lose this fight no matter what.

"Should we go hide in the academy?" Slyvia asked.

"No! the second we go in there those snakes will destroy the bottom floor." Von replied, "It will completely destroy the foundation and the whole place will collapse!"

"But if we stay out here were all going to die!" Dan cried.

"And if we don't do anything then all the students inside will die."

Just then though, a familiar voice was heard from behind.

"Sorry to keep you waiting," Ray said.

When the group turned around to look behind them, they could not just see one Ray, But 10 of him.

"You guys fall back you'll just get in my way!"

While the others were busy fighting, Ray headed back into the academy and cast his mana steal skill. Each time he used up 50 points of mana to create a clone, he would absorb more students and knights. The only problem was the knights and students didn't have much mana in the first place, so the most clones Ray could create was 10.

Iceballs after fireballs were shot out from Ray's hands hitting the Snakes on the head. Ray then used his black sash skills carefully to avoid the green slime shots and multiple punches had landed on the snake's body.

"Ray, what are you?" Slyvia said.

"Is there even a skill like this?" Martha asked.

"We've seen him create one of himself before but not this many," Badger said.

All the group could do now was hope Ray was strong enough to defeat the five Slime snakes. But as the fight continued, it was becoming clear to them that the clones weren't as powerful as Ray and slowly Ray was starting to lose.

Eventually, clone after clone were being defeated and puffed into thin air, until there was only one person left.

Ray was panting hard and out of breath, his mana had almost depleted and his strength was leaving his body.

"Why did I choose to come back, I knew it was useless."

Then suddenly, A loud high shrieking roar was heard from above that instantly stopped everything in its tracks. Only the sound of rain could be heard then once again the same sound repeated itself an incredibly high-pitched roar.

As the group looked up to the sky their jaws were left wide open as they couldn't believe what they were seeing up in the sky.

"IT'S A…A…A... A... DRAGON!" Dan shouted

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185 - Blue Dragon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dan was always the type to make the situation seem worse than it actually was, or maybe perhaps even exaggerate what he was seeing. So when they first heard his words they thought it couldn't be true. After all, no one had heard or seen a dragon for the last 100 years.

Many people had even predicted that Dragons might have never existed in the first place. They were just a powerful beast that people exaggerated about.

So as soon as they heard Dan's words, of course, they didn't believe him. But when they all looked up, they could indeed see a giant creature in the air. It had wings, a tail, and a long head, all the traits of a dragon.

"I thought they had all gone extinct?" Slyvia said.

"I don't think that's the problem right now" Monk replied, "how are we meant to deal with a dragon and the Slime snakes?"

The group then immediately looked at the five Slime snakes, that just a second ago were all over Ray. Now they were stood there emotionless as if paralyzed. If it wasn't for the fact that they had been moving just a second ago, the group would have thought they were statues.

Ray too looked above at the giant flying beast in the sky. He immediately recognized the powerful aura.

"So this storm is your doing?" Ray thought.

The beast was the same beast that he had seen at the mountain at that time. The beast that had a deal with the academy as long as they didn't enter its territory, it wouldn't attack is students but one day Ray had seen it a second time on the mountain behind the city, and on that day there was a fierce storm just like today.

Ray's heart started to beat as he heard the words dragon come out of Dan's mouth. Ray hadn't seen a Dragon in the last 500 years or so and even if he was to perish today, he wouldn't mind it being by the hands of another dragon.

Ray then deactivated his dragon eyes to get a clearer better look at the beast. As soon as Ray saw it clearly, he knew exactly what it was, he gave a faint smile.

"So that's what you are."

The large beast in the sky gave another ear-piercing screech before descending at great speed. The beast flew past the students and the wind produced from its wings was so powerful that they had to use Ki to make sure they wouldn't be swept off their feet.

Now that the Dragon was closer, they could get a better look. It was around 3 times the size of Noir and crystal blue in color. On certain parts of its body patches of crystal rocks were sticking out of it.

The dragon opened its mouth wide and shot out a breath of frosty ice. Only now had the Slime snakes snapped out of the state they were in and were starting to run away but it was too late. As soon as the frosty breath touched the Slime snakes they instantly froze.

Without slowing down the dragon continued to fly right through their frozen bodies smashing them into pieces.

"It took all five of them out in one blow!" Gary shouted, "We have to run, there's no way we can beat that, forget about the academy."

Then suddenly, Von started to walk slowly forward to were Ray was.

"Fear not children, this beast will do us no harm," Von said.

"But how do you know that? Dragons are pure evil. Some even think it's their dead bodies that caused the shadow plague in the first place." Dan said.

Von started to laugh and eventually stood by Ray's side.

The dragon then flew up to the city gates before returning back to where the students were and eventually landed on its two legs in front of Ray and the others. As soon as the Dragon landed the storm had immediately stopped.

There was no longer any wind and the rain disappeared with it. Jack who had been doing his best to recover inside the academy this whole time, had also stepped outside to get a better look at the dragon.

After all, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity.

"This here is not a dragon like you all think," Von said.

"Then what is it?" Dan asked.

"it's a Wyvern," Ray replied.

As soon as Ray was able to get a clear look at the beast, he instantly knew what it was. Von was surprised that Ray knew the beast just by looking at it. Most people looking at the beast would suspect it was a dragon, especially if they had never seen a Wyvern or a Dragon before.

There were two main differences between a Dragon and a Wyvern the first one was the size. Dragons were around 2 to 3 times the size of a Wyvern, it would be impossible for one to be this small unless it was a child. That was the first sign but the second one was its wings.

Wyvern's arms were attached to their wings. They weren't separated, if a Wyvern moved its arm it would move it's wing as well. While Dragons had four distinctive legs or arms and legs and the wings were located on its back.

When Ray noticed it was a Wyvern, the reality had hit him that his race truly was all gone.

Von immediately bowed down to the Wyvern and went to his knees.

"Thank you for saving us."

Von then looked behind him as if he was signalling the other students to do the same.

Immediately everyone bowed down to the Wyvern all except one person which was Ray.

Then suddenly, everyone could hear a ringing sound in their head for a second, and shortly what followed after was soft gentle female voice.

"My name is Glac, I am the Wyvern who resides on the mountains not too far from here. I have completed my end of the deal with the Divine being, so I no longer owe a favour to your kind.

"Thank you so much Glac," Von replied

The Wyvern then turned its head to look at Ray as she had noticed that Ray was the only one standing.

"And you, disrespectful human, I see you are not grateful for me being here."

The others gulped as they were nervous. They wondered why on earth did Ray's stubborn side have to show now of all times. It was clear that the Glac was able to wipe them all out in an instant.

"I truly am thankful to you for saving my life." Ray replied, "But I do not bow to those beneath me."

***

Special thank to Janelle_Evwoh_6886, DarkShadow_DS, ceebyaj, Username1, Reading_Life21, and Alexander_Bingham for the Gifts. These all really help a lot and will continue to write for all of you.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186 - End of Avrion Academy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sweat started to run down from the faces of the others behind Ray. Their heartbeats could now be heard out loud as their fear at this point had reached their maximum. Each one of them continued to bow down while most of them looked at the ground.

They were too afraid to even lift their heads or get off the floor but here they were hearing Ray talk back to the Wyvern like he would do anyone else.

"Huh, I shall forgive you arrogant attitude." Glac said, "For I have promised the Divine being not to bring any of you harm."

Everyone felt a weight lift off their shoulders as they heard the Wyvern say those words.

"You may all rise."

And as Glen said those words the rest of them stood up. They now could see the sheer size of the beast and if they didn't know any better, they would have thought it was a Dragon.

"Why did you protect this city?" Ray asked.

The Wyvern opened its eyes to take a peek at Ray. For some reason, she felt like something was different about him compared to the rest of them. Although she didn't like his attitude, she felt like she was compelled to answer.

"A long time ago when this city was first being built, I had made a deal with the Divine being. If she was ever to pass or wasn't able to protect this city then I would defend it for her. She helped me out a long time ago when I was in search of special fruit, in return I agreed to her condition but now that I have completed the task, I no longer need to protect the city and can roam the land once again."

"Thank you for your service to this city and the Divine being," Von said.

The Wyvern then flapped its wings as if it was ready to take off but just before it did…

"WAIT!" Ray shouted.

Suddenly Glac stopped.

"What do you want?" She asked.

The others behind Ray were now all praying for their safety. They thought Ray had gone mad, he was clearly tempting fate and any second now Ray would say something that would anger the beast to kill them all.

"This city now belongs to me, no to us the Red Wings. It's no longer under the control of the Knights of Avrion or the Divine being but me."

"And…"

"I will soon no longer be here to defend it, so I need someone to do that in my place. I want you to protect this city once more."

Glac suddenly growled in her high shriek once again and then moved her head over to where Ray was standing. Her whole head was even bigger than Ray's entire body. The others moved back a step instinctively but Ray stayed put even though he was only a few inches away.

"You fool! Why would I even bother doing a favour for a human, That Divine being of yours was an exception but who are you to order me around?" Glac asked.

"Do you want to take a look?" Ray asked, "You must have an ability to read minds do you not, I shall give you permission to read mine."

Usually, Glac would ignore such a foolish human being but something was bothering her. The man standing in front of her was far too confident and she was incredibly curious to know why.

"Place your hand on my head and we shall start the linking process."

Ray did as he was told and placed his hand on Glac forehead. Then when his hand connected with her skin, immediately images of Ray's past were being shown. Everything that Ray had experienced when he was known as Sen. The great war, the horror of being chased, the lives of others, and finally when he was Reincarnated into a human.

The Wyvern suddenly disconnected the connection and lifted her head. At the same time, she disconnected her ability with everyone else so now only Ray was able to hear her.

"But how can that be true?"

"You saw it all for yourself."

Then the Wyvern did something completely unexpected and sat down and bowed down its head to Ray.

"Please forgive me for my rudeness before."

Gary started to rub his eyes and soon the others did too.

"Am I seeing things, or does it look like that Wyvern is bowing down to Ray?" Gary asked.

"No, I see it too" Slyvia replied.

"But this is impossible, not even the Divine being was able to get such respect." Von said, "The divine being was considered equal but here it's as if Ray was the Wyvern's master."

Von wasn't far off from the truth. Wyverns in today's time period were considered legendary beings, it was hard to find something more powerful than them today roaming around the continent but compared to Dragons they were nothing.

However, the Wyverns and the Dragons lived in peace with each other and would often live in the same tribes. The Wyverns acted as the Dragons servants in return for protection. When the humans came attacking, many Dragons risked their lives to allow the Wyverns to escape.

This was also true for Glac who had been saved when she was younger. Glac was quite a young Wyvern and had only heard stories and tales of Sen the mighty Red dragon and now he was standing in front of her in Human form.

"I will agree to your request Sen."

The name brought back some feelings for Ray but he soon realized they weren't happy feelings but sad feelings.

"Call me Ray from now on, that's what my name is now."

Glac then began to flap her wings once more as she prepared to take off and head back to the mountain.

"One more thing before I go Sen, Sorry... Ray." Glac said, "When I saw the images in your mind, I also saw the Witch who had defeated you. You are on the right path for that woman is the Divine being herself. When you meet her perhaps you will find the answers you are looking for."

With that Glac took off into the mountains.

Unaware of the bombshell she had just dropped on Ray's mind.

Finally, everything was starting to make sense, the statue he had seen below, and why they had looked so familiar to him. The divine being and the Witch were the same person.

Then what of the crystals that the knights worshiped, what were those and what were the images he had been shown?

Just as Ray found out more answers, it had only come with more questions. Ray knew he still had a long way to go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187 - Rebuilt
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The great battle had finally ended but at a great cost. The entire council of elders had been eliminated apart from Humfree and Slyvia. The only Master knights still alive were Sir K and Wilfred who had gone underground at the time to protect the Divine being.

And the city. The city was in great ruin. Several buildings all over the city had been destroyed and would take a long time before they were rebuilt.

When Wilfred and Sir K returned to the surface, they were shocked at everything they had been told. Avrion City was no more. The only thing that still stood strong was the Academy and city walls.

Ray immediately took this chance to take leadership and control of the whole city and not one person was against it. In the end, even Wilfred decided to join the Red wings.

The banner that hung on top of the Academy was torn down and replaced with the symbol of a red dragon head. It was the same symbol that each member of the Red wings received when they accepted the contract.

Ray then gave the remaining students and knights two choices. They could stay at Avrion city but only if they became a member of the Red wings or they could leave. Ray wanted to make sure nothing like the Pure bloods would happen ever again.

He was now in charge of this city and he was going to do it right. There was no way for him to tell who was still a member of Pure blood or not and this was the easiest way to chase them all out.

In the end, Half of the knights and students decided to stay and accepted the contract, while the other half left. It was a better outcome then Ray Originally thought. This was thanks to Wilfred and Sir K. They had earned a dedicated following over the years since they spent the most time with the knights and students.

Over the next month, the students and Knights that remained continued to rebuild the city. They made sure that tunnels that had been made were sealed up and added in even more iron doors with different password combinations so something like this could never happen again.

This whole time there had been something bothering Ray though. When the city was being attacked by the beasts, why didn't the Dark guild attack as well? Jack had told Ray that they had seen Morfran down in the tunnels.

They couldn't have known about the Wyvern otherwise they would have planned to deal with that beast in the first place.

When Ray questioned Sir K and Wilfred, they said that they had found multiple members of the Dark Guild dead in the tunnels. A whole army, judging by the condition their bodies were found in, it looked like they had been killed by a deadly beast but no trace of the beast was found and Ray didn't want to waste any more time.

When the city had finally finished being rebuilt, everyone decided to have three days of silence and rest for the dead that perished including the master knight Bernardo and the other Elders.

There was no protest against this and everyone thought it was the right thing to do. After the three days though it was time to decide who would be left in charge of the city.

Ray no longer needed to stay at Avrion but he needed people he trusted to remain there. A vote was cast and the new leaders of Avrion were selected.

Wilfred and Sir K had been promoted to Elders which was to be expected. Most of the knights had only joined because of these two anyway. Humfree also kept his position as an elder, there was no suspicion about Humfree being a member of pureblood. There were multiple times where he could have killed Ray in the hospital and the fact that he was almost killed by Gib confirmed he wasn't working with them.

Finally, the last person was Slyvia which surprised even her. Ray trusted Slyvia and her brain and so did the other knights. They had seen how hard and caring she had been over the last month while the city was being rebuilt.

Ray had also offered Von his old position back, Since the city no longer followed the old rules but Von decided to decline.

Of course, Ray remained at the very top but the others who didn't know Ray's identity, only knew him as Nes. Ray was still only 17 and looked it too. The other knights would find it hard to take their leader as a 17-year-old so whenever Ray needed to make public apparencies or executive decisions, he would transform into Nes.

Now with nearly everything sorted at Avrion, Ray was ready to leave and head to his next destination but there was one last problem that had occurred in the last month and that was Gary.

Gary had become almost obsessed with his new sword. He would carry it around with him wherever he went. Even in the shower, afraid that someone was going to take it from him.

When Ray used his Dragon eyes on it, it didn't seem to have any presence so Ray left it but it was clearly doing something to Gary.

Gary had lost a lot of weight during this time and it was starting to worry everyone. He wasn't eating properly and he wasn't talking to anyone, even Ray.

Slyvia eventually called a meeting in the elder's meeting room between all his old roommates to have a talk.

"Gary, we called you here because each of us are worried about you." Slyvia said, "Isn't that right guys?"

Everyone around the room nodded in agreement.

"Look I'm fed up with us tiptoeing around the problem!" Martha complained. "You need to get rid of that sword, look what it's doing to you!"

"You just want to take it for yourself!" Gary snapped back.

"That's not it Gary." Monk replied, "You've been acting strange ever since you got that thing."

"It is strange," Dan added.

Gary said nothing back and only gripped the sword which was in its sheath around his waist.

"Look if you won't listen to us then you have to listen to him!" Slyvia said as she pointed at Ray.

Ray then got up from his seat and slowly started to walk over to where Gary was sitting, he held out his hand palm open. "They're right Gary, hand me the sword."

Gary looked into Ray's eyes and looked back at the sword. Then suddenly, Gary drew the sword from its sheath and placed it right against Ray's neck.

The movement was so fast and so swift, Ray didn't even have time to react.

"I'm sorry," Gary said as he cried with his sword held against Ray's neck.

*****

Special thanks to Daoist232052, RedMasterOfAll, amasuckerforanimes, Alexander_Bingham, Abhijith_Ramesh, Fenrir2040. The gifts are amazing and I will keep the Chapters coming.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188 - Off and away
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary's hand started to shake nervously as he held the sword up against Ray's neck. The shaking eventually got so bad that the sword managed to nick Ray's skin causing a little bit of his blood to be drawn.

This came to a huge surprise to Ray as he currently had a total of 200 mana points in his pool. It was the most he could hold without his body feeling unstable but right now Ray was using most of his mana and Ki to harden his cells in his neck, just in case, Gary decided to attack.

But for some reason, the sword seemed to ignore all of those facts and cut through Ray's tough skin as if it was slicing butter.

"Gary you've gone mad!" Slyvia shouted, "Put down that sword now."

Of course, there was one more thing Ray could do if it came to it. He could forcefully end the contract with Gary which would also end Gary's life but Ray didn't want to do that and would only use it as a last resort.

Gary then only continued to cry even harder.

"Help me," Gary said.

With those words, Ray signalled Slyvia and the others to sit back in their seats and at the same time, Ray slowly moved his hand towards the sword until eventually, he had a firm grip on the sword.

"You can let go now, Gary." And just like that Gary let go of the sword.

Ray quickly opened up his endless void and tried to place the sword inside but when the tip of the sword hit the portal, it immediately closed. Ray tired once again but the same result happened.

"Just what is this sword?" Ray thought as he looked at the hilt.

The symbol of the eye and wings, just what did it mean, and why did the Dark guild members wear it?

Ray placed the sword onto the table behind him for now as he went to speak to Gary.

"Thank you Ray!" Gary said, "I can't believe I nearly did that to you. You were right, the sword, it was speaking to me. It was telling me bad things about you all, day and night.

"It's okay, it's gone now Gary."

After Gary had gotten rid of the sword, the color had started to return to his face and he started eating like normal again. It seemed like the sword had possessed him but not like the powers of the Shadow Plague this was slightly different.

Ray originally wanted to destroy the sword but started to have second thoughts. The sword seemed to have the ability to negate Magic, Ki and all sorts. It was very useful against the battle against the beasts. They may come a time in the future when the sword was needed but right now it was too dangerous as there was too much unknown about it.

Ray had used the sword for a short while but after using it for a few swings something inside Ray started to feel strange. Although it wasn't a big deal now, it most likely was what had eventually turned Gary mad.

So Ray decided to lock it up somewhere safe hidden in the academy where only Slyvia knew where it was. Slyvia could be trusted and she wasn't the type to go power-hungry.

A week had passed and Gary had finally recovered and now it was time for Ray to leave the place for good. Ray had put all the things he wanted to take with him into the endless void and headed to the city gate.

Standing there was everyone waiting for him, everyone who he had become close with at the academy. Monk, Martha, Badger, Sloth, Harry, Slyvia, Dan, Von, Sir K and Wilfred. And standing next to them was Jack and Gary who each had a big rucksack on their back full of their belongings.

It was time to say goodbye to the rest as the only ones coming with Ray on his journey were Jack and Gary. Jack had refused to stay at the academy and chose to follow Ray, while Gary wanted to find out about what happened to his sister.

The rest still had family in the nearby areas and wanted to help rebuild the city. The city needed them.

Before Ray left on his journey Slyvia handed him a bag full of Coins. Avrion city was originally a wealthy city but most of their money had to be spent on repairs but once the city was up and working again Ray would be allowed to use the funds as he pleased.

"This is all I can give you for now," Slyvia said

The bag had a total of 10 gold coins which was a fortune for a single person.

"This is more than enough."

"I know you plan to head to Roland academy but before you head there you might want to stop by a city named Kelberg, it's not too far from there."

"Did you find out some information?" Ray asked

Now that Slyvia was one of the leaders of the new Avrion, she had full access to everything, this included the old Dragon knights' room. The Dragon knights' room was filled with journals of maps, legendary beasts, and all sorts of information but the only problem was, the whole thing was written in code.

Slyvia had been doing her best to decode the messages written in the journal but had only unlocked little information so far.

"One of the Dragon knights used to use a Hammer as their weapon of choice. The hammer is said to have been made using the very bones of a Dragon itself."

Ray's eyes immediately lit up as he heard those words.

Slyvia continued.

"The hammer is said to contain the power to destroy a small town but the Dragon knight was never able to unlock its full abilities."

"So have you found out where this hammer is?" Ray asked.

"I'm afraid it's not good news, there seems to be news of a man who has been spotted with the hammer near the city of Kelberg. He has already killed many men and the guilds have put a huge bounty on him."

"Thank you for the information."

"I'll let you know more as I find out about more stuff."

With the last words spoken everyone waved goodbye to the three men who had set off on a new journey and as soon as they had gone out of site Sylvia couldn't help but burst into a waterfall of tears.

"Please come back Ray."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189 - Bandits
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray, Gary, and Jack were currently walking through the forest on their way to Kelberg. At first, Ray originally wanted to head to Roland academy. Not only were their rumours of the Divine being residing there but Gary also wanted to find out about what happened to his sister.

But the information Slyvia had given Ray seemed more urgent. If this mysterious man was to disappear with the Dragon hammer, then Ray might never get the chance to find him again.

The three of them were casually walking through the forest which would take them to the nearest town where they could spend the night.

Noir was now too big to ride and would only attract unwanted attention. The best option for them would be a carriage but at the moment Avrion was doing no trade with the nearby cities and town, and no one was willing to escort them.

News had spread that Avrion had been attacked, although they had successfully defended the city, a new unknown group had taken control. Sylvia and the others were currently negotiating with the other city officials. It was always tough for a new city to be involved with these things and get a fair deal.

In the end, it seemed like Avrion would have to send out their own knights on the pathways for protection, otherwise, the other cities refused to do trade with Avrion.

The deal was still in its final stages of negotiation so at the moment there was no one willing to go between the paths of Avrion and other cities.

As they were walking through, Jack started to sniff the air.

"Just ignore them for now," Ray said.

"Huh, ignore what, I don't understand," Gary replied.

Unknown to Gary the three of them were currently being followed. Inside the forest, a group of bandits had caught on to their trail.

"Hey, boss look at them." A scarfed man said.

A larger bald-headed man came over to see where the bandit was pointing.

"Well, will you look at that, what are a bunch of kids doing walking on their own through a place like this?"

The bandit leader started to inspect the kids even closer. He first noticed that Gary hardly had any decent equipment apart from the two swords he was carrying, Jack who was standing next to him also wasn't wearing much. In fact, all Jack had was his weapon. Jack never wore armour because of his strong body.

But as soon as the bandit saw Ray, he started to get excited. Ray was currently wearing top-level gear and the bandits wanted it for themselves. Just by looking at the three, the bandit leader suspected that Ray must have been a son of a rich Nobel and had hired Jack as a guard.

Out of the three of them there, the Bandit made a judgment that Jack was the only that could fight.

"Looks like we hit the jackpot today boys." The bandit leader gathered his men and slowly started to follow Ray and his group until they were in a good position for attack.

"Oh, I see now," Gary said as he saw one of the trees ruffle as he walked.

Gary then sighed, "Well shall we do it?"

Suddenly the three of them stopped.

"What's happening boss, do you think they found us?" A bandit asked.

"Impossible, no one has ever found us out before. It doesn't even look like they have any tags."

Then the three of them each held out their hand.

"Ready," Ray said.

"1,2,3, Shoot!"

At the same time, each of them reviled their hand. Gary and Ray chose scissors while Jack had chosen Rock.

"It looks like it's my turn," Jack said.

"They're wasting our time." The bandit leader said," Get them!"

Then from the forest and bushes, ten men appeared including the bandit leader and they had completely surrounded Ray and the others. Each of them had a piece of cloth covering their mouths so only their eyes were visible and they all had a mismatch of gear they had obtained from their other targets.

Jack then stood forward and drew his giant great sword. As he did though one of the bandits rushed in and tried to stab him with the dagger but the dagger immediately bounced straight off Jack's body.

"What the…" Before the bandit could finish his thought, Jack had already swung his sword and knocked the bandit back into the forest.

Jack then went and dealt with a group of four bandits with a single swing and punched and kicked the rest until all that was left was the bandit leader.

"How… you're just a bunch of kids." The bandit leader said, "Fine, if I'm going down I'm going to take one of you down with me."

The bandit leader had made an observation and judged that Jack had to be the strongest out of the three, while Ray looked the weakest. He leaped forward with his dagger in his hand, he had already chosen his target.

"Ouch wrong choice," Gary said.

Jack and Gary didn't move from their spot because they weren't worried for even a second. The man swung his dagger and Ray stepped to the side causing it to miss. Then Ray swung his fist and hooked the man in the face, the second Ray's fist made impact, the bandit's teeth had shattered.

The punch was also so powerful it caused the man's body to flip.

"That was like the fourth group today," Gary said.

"Yes, it is indeed a problem. When I can, I'll send Slyvia a message to send guards on this path, no wonder no one wants to do trade with us without the guarantee of protection."

The three continued on their path and fortunately for them, there were no more run-ins with bandits. They had finally arrived at the town of Gumblow a small-town Ray had been to once before.

It was the town where he had met Candy and Tuffy that one time he had snuck out of the city.

As Ray entered the town, he was wondering how the two kids were doing but he didn't have time to go find and check up on them, after all, there were two things they needed to do while in the town.

The first was to register as Adventures. They needed a way to make money while on the road as the money Slyvia gave them wouldn't last forever.

The second task though was more important to Ray and that was to create their own guild.

****

Special thanks to amasuckerforanimes, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, WriteraAddicted for the gifts they really help and It makes me work harder for you all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190 - Taboo Name
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There were a few reasons why Ray wanted to create a guild as soon as possible. Taking over Avrion was only a small part of his plan. In order to fight the Shadow plague that had already taken over half the entire continent, Ray was going to need an army.

A well-established guild was a good way to get strong people over to your side, but not just that, the guilds were also recognized between the 6 kingdoms and empire. What Ray needed to do now more than ever was spread the name of the Red wings and recruit more people.

Although Avrion was well known, that was only true in the Alure kingdom. Outside of the Alure kingdom, Avrion was only a pebble. It was well talked about between the other kingdoms that Avrion was the weakest.

There were many reasons for this but the main reason people suspected was because of the beasts that lived there. There weren't many high-level beasts so there wasn't a reason for the people to get stronger.

During the month that Avrion was busy being rebuilt, Ray struggled to find a single advanced tier beast. There were the tunnels but they had been completely emptied making Ray think that the Dark guild had been breading them somehow.

So to increase the name of the Red wings throughout the continent, Ray wanted to make a guild. Later down the line, this would also help him when controlling the people. If the Red wings had a good reputation for killing beasts and completing quests, then when they took over a city most of the people living there wouldn't rebel.

After the three of them had reached the town the first thing they did was head to the guildhall. When Ray entered the guildhall, it was just like last time. There were many groups of people who were sat down with their weapons on their backs.

When the three of them entered the attention of the others quickly focused on them. They didn't get many visitors since it was a small town so they immediately knew they didn't belong here. There was also one other thing that stood out and that was Ray's hair.

Ray ignored the wandering eyes and immediately started to walk towards the desk.

While he was walking, out of the corner of his eye he also spotted Candy and Tuffy who were sitting with a bunch of other adventures. They were currently giggling and smiling.

"Looks like their happy." Ray thought

"Is that a smile on your face Ray?" Gary said, "I didn't know you liked kids so much."

"They are kinda cute," Jack said as he looked at one of the adventures pinching Candy's cheek.

Ray had reached the counter and standing behind the desk was a girl with glasses and a ponytail named Sophie.

"Welcome, how can I help?" Sophie asked.

"Us three here would like to register as adventures."

"Sure, I just need you three to fill in these forms for me."

Sophie handed three forms over which had magic text inscribed around the edges. The form had basic information such as name and age but other than that there wasn't much to it. There was no test involved and anyone could become an adventurer if they wanted to.

But many chose not to as they knew how dangerous such a job was. After filling the three forms in, Ray handed them back over to Sophie. Sophie then went and grabbed three clear dog tags which almost looked like they were made of class.

She then placed each dog tag on top of the piece of paper and suddenly, the piece of paper started to disappear and the dog tag changed to a red color.

"There's just one more thing you need to do to activate the tags, that way they will be bonded to you," Sophie said, "We just need a prick of blood."

Sophie then went to grab a prick machine but before she had come back with it. Ray and the others had already used Gary's blade to cut themselves.

She was surprised people so young were able to do such a thing. Even a lot of the a.d.u.l.ts wouldn't be able to cut themselves and needed to use the prick machine.

Ray, Gary, and Jack each then dripped their blood onto the dog tag and at the same time, their names started to magically appear on the tag, and right underneath their name it said Rank F.

"Hm red huh, it kind of suits us," Gary said as he placed the tag over his head.

"Is there anything else I can help you with?" Sophie asked.

"Yeah, we would also like to create a guild here if possible."

One of the men who had overhead what Ray said, suddenly spat out his drink. Even Sophie started to go red out of embarrassment for Ray.

"I'm sorry but creating a guild will cost you at least 5 gold coins," Sophie replied.

Ray and the others had only just become adventures and they looked incredibly young. Sophie couldn't imagine people so young to have such wealth especially in a place like this.

"That's fine we have the money," Ray said as he took 5 gold coins and placed them on the counter.

Suddenly everyone in the guildhall was looking in their direction. These strangers out of nowhere just placed 5 gold coins out on the table but not only that, Ray placed them like they were nothing to him.

The truth was, this small amount was nothing to Ray. At the moment Avrion didn't have many funds as most of it was spent rebuilding the city but once it was up and running again soon this amount of money would mean nothing to Ray.

But to the others, it was the equivalent of 5000 Bronze coins or 500 silver coins. It was the same as defeating 500 intermediate beast crystal cores and would take most people a lifetime to earn.

"I'll get right on it," Slyvia said as she rushed off to get another form.

Slyvia thought that the people in front of her must be of high importance specially to have money like that.

The form for the Guild creation was similar to last time, only this time Ray didn't receive anything for creating the guild. It was only imputed into their database. The database was able to be viewed at any Guildhall which allowed you to see the Rank of other guilds and where and whether or not they contained their own personal guildhall.

"The last thing I need from you, what would you like to call your Guild?"

"The Red wings."

As soon as Ray said those words the whole room had gone silent and even Sophie's face had dropped into fear.

"Do you have a death wish calling your guild that name?" A man said.

The atmosphere suddenly went dark and Ray had no clue why.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191 - Evil Red Wings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Ray had mentioned the words Red Wings, the whole guild hall had gone silent. Everyone had immediately stopped what they were doing and turned to look at the three people who were standing in front of the counter.

Then a young girl's voice suddenly shouted.

"I hate the Red wings."

When Ray turned to look at who it was, he was surprised to see it was someone who he recognised, it was Candy.

Ray was now even more confused than before.

"Is there a problem with the name Red wings?" Gary asked Sophie who was behind the desk.

"There's not an official problem, there is still no guild registered under that name but you see…"

"The red wings are pure evil." A large bearded man said as he stood up and walked over towards the three of them.

The Bearded man was named Gorden and he was in charge of the guildhall in this town. He looked at the three boys in front of him and thought they couldn't have been older than 18 at most.

"You three are young and have probably heard the rumours, it's a shame such young minds have been tainted by their evil and now even wish to name a guild after them." The old man shook his head.

"I'm sorry but I cannot allow you to call your Guild that name."

Gary was starting to get agitated. It seemed like the old man was talking Ill of the Red wings and Gary felt personally attacked.

"What's wrong with you old man why can't we..."

Just then Ray put his hand out in front of Gary to calm him down. Getting annoyed wasn't going to get them anywhere.

"I'm sorry but we do not know of these rumours you speak of, do you mind telling them to us?"

The old man was taken back a little bit as if he couldn't believe Ray's words.

"I guess you three really are from out of town. There's a big city not too far away from here called Avrion. A few months ago, there was a huge battle that took place and now it is owned by a group named the Red Wings. The old knights that used to protect the city were told they would have to sign a life binding contract or be outcasted."

Unkown to Gorden he was talking to the very person who had done that exact thing.

Gary then started to laugh.

"Those dam Pure bloods Ray, when they left the city they probably started to spread rumours about us, trying to turn everyone against us."

Gorden had caught on to what Gary had said.

"What do you mean us?"

"look, everything you know is a lie, we came from Avrion ourselves. They didn't force us to do anything, the Red wings were the ones that saved Avrion City."

Gorden couldn't help but think the three kids in front of him were lying. They had to be, the rumours and the stories he had heard about the Red wings didn't add up. Not only that Gorden and this town had experienced the horror of the Red wings group themselves.

Just then, an egg came flying in the direction of Ray, Ray moved his head avoiding the egg but the egg continued to fly through the air and landed right on Gary's face.

"Who threw that!" Gary shouted as the egg dripped and hit the floor.

"Get out of our town, no one likes you Red wings!" Tuffy shouted.

Ray noticed that simple rumours wouldn't cause the people of this town to act like this. There had to be more behind the story than just simple rumours.

"Why does it seem like everyone hates the red wings so much?"

"That's because…" But before Gorden could even finish his answer, the door to the guildhall had been kicked wide open.

"Alright everyone it's time to pay up today's protection money!" A scrawny man with missing a missing tooth came through the door and behind him where four other men.

Everyone in the room suddenly went silent. The group that had just entered started to go around the room with a metal bucket. Either coin or beast crystals were placed into the metal bucket. There were no questions asked and everyone complied almost instantly.

The men then spotted Ray and the others and quickly came over.

"Oh, I've never seen you three here before."

"These three are from out of town." Gorden said nervously, "Surely you will let them off?"

"Rules are rules, everyone must pay." The man said.

It had only been a few months since Ray had last visited the town but it seemed like a lot had changed. There was no guard, the Quest bored was nearly empty and everyone was obeying these weak sc.u.ms in front of him.

The man held out the bucket and started to shake it in front of them.

"Please I beg you three, for the sake of this town please pay the cost, it is only a silver coin surely you can afford that?" Gorden said.

Gary then looked into the bucket and saw all the coins and beast cores.

"Hey Ray, do you think we can keep this?"

"I don't see why not."

Gary then instead of putting something in the bucket, reached in and pulled out an intermediate beast core.

"Maybe I can turn this into a chest piece for myself," Gary said giggling to himself.

"What do you think you are doing! Stealing from us!" The man shouted.

Immediately the four men behind him pulled out their swords.

"Don't you know who we are!" The man then pulled up his sleeve to reveal a red mark of a dragon head. It looked similar to the one Ray had given the Red wings members but slightly different as if someone had only described what it looked like to them.

"If you don't put back that crystal and pay double the fee, we will send an army to this town and slaughter you all. We took down Avrion, do you really think the Red wings can't deal with a bunch of kids like you!"

"Ray, do you see that?" Gary said.

"Yeah, their imposters."

The man took a step back after hearing them say those words but quickly stepped forward again.

"Who are you calling imposters."

Then Gary and Jack lifted their sleeves, to reveal the true mark of the Red wings.

*****

Special thanks to Username1, Alexander_Bingham, DarkShadow_DS, and Fenrir2040 For the gifts, you are my super supporters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192 - A Demon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The man was visibly shocked by what he had just seen on the kid's arms, for a few seconds he felt like his whole world was going to crumble. The man's name was Akhim. Akhim was originally part of a bandit group.

The spot they had chosen was the path between this town and Avrion. In the past, the Bandit group was unsuccessful in their work due to the fact that Knights of Avrion regularly patrolled and protected the route but that had changed recently after the constant attacks from the Shadow plague and Dark guild.

Suddenly, the bandit's business was looking good for Akhim and his group once more but that quickly changed after the news of the fall of Avrion.

When everyone had learned that the Knights of Avrion were no more, Bandit groups from all over chose the same path that his Group had been on for years.

With too much competition there wasn't much left for Akhim and his bandit group to pray on. One day they came across a knight from Avrion who had been complaining about the new leaders of Avrion. Akhim got as much information from him as possible and that's when he came up with this brilliant idea.

And that's what led him to the situation he was in right now.

Akhim looked closely at the markings, he had never seen the real marking himself before and that's when he had convinced himself. They too had to be imposters.

"How dare you pretend to be a part of the Red Wings, you three shall pay."

Gary and Jack then drew their weapons ready for a fight but then Ray suddenly stepped forward. It was the first time the two of them had seen Ray do this. Ray stepping forward meant he wanted to fight.

On the journey to the town, Ray would often let Jack and Gary deal with everything so it was strange that Ray decided to fight this one.

Unknown to them, it was because of a simple reason. Ray's blood was at boiling point, he was Angry. These filthy humans were tarnishing the name and all the hard work he had built up so far and worse they claimed to be part of his group.

"Get them!" Akhim shouted.

The first man who ran closest towards Ray swung his sword but Ray simply moved and kicked the man's knee just hard enough to cause it to bend backward. As the man fell to the floor Ray gave an uppercut on his chin.

Another man was ready to strike but Ray grabbed the blade and activated his ice attribute causing the sword to freeze and break. Another person was on Ray's right and Ray simply lifted his hand and shot a fireball out from the palm of his hand.

Using his black sash skills Ray then disappeared from the men's view and the next second he appeared behind two of them knocking them both out with a single punch. Lastly, there was only Akhim left.

"You monster, the rumours were true after all. That knight said there was a kid with red hair who…" Before Akhim could get another word out Ray already had his hands around Akhim's throat.

"Burn in hell!" After activating his fire attribute Akhim quickly became a pile of Ashes.

Everyone was motionless in the room. The people who had been causing them so much pain for the last month were dealt with in an instant but they weren't happy about it. Instead, they stood in fear at the man who had just finished them off so quickly.

Gary was able to read the room and quickly started to make a speech.

"As you can see these men here were imposters of the Red wings, we here are the true members of the Red wings. We came here after hearing of these imposters and decided to deal with them ourselves. From now on we shall protect this town as a sign of friendship between you and the Red wings. We shall do this free of charge of course."

The silence quickly went into chatter as the words Gary had said gave them hope.

"You know you're pretty good at this talking stuff," Jack said

The news of the fake Red wings imposters was quickly spread around town and the atmosphere had changed. Gorden welcomed the new true Red wings with open arms and allowed them to create their Guild Red Wings.

"What should we do with this?" Jack asked holding the metal bucket.

"Give it back to the people. It seems like they have been hurt for a long time." Ray replied.

Ray thought it was best to get on their good side as soon a possible. Once trade opened up again between the town and the city this money would soon become theirs anyway.

Gorden had explained to the three of them that the fake Red wings had been collecting protection money from the residents and adventures every day. They weren't even able to afford to pay for quests anymore and the situation in the town was become worse by the day.

But Ray seemed to remember the Guild hall was meant to have a guard for times like these.

"Wasn't there a guard by the name of Ark here?" Ray asked.

"Oh, I'm surprised you know that name, it is true Ark once protected this town. Unfortunately, Ark had been called back by his guild a while ago. There were talks of a major Guild quest being handed in the city of Kelberg, apparently, a powerful Demon wielding a hammer had appeared although I don't know much else."

"A demon?" Ray asked.

It seemed like the information Ray had received from Slyvia was correct but other guilds already had their eyes on this mysterious man.

there was one thing that Gorden said that bothered Ray though and that was the word Demon. It was a term he had never heard of before.

"People who have been possessed by the spirit of a God."

"like the Divine being?"

"Yes, although not all gods have pure intentions like the Divine being."

Ray asked Gorden a few more questions but there wasn't much information other than that. After Registering the guild, it was time to leave and stay at an Inn for the night. Gorden, of course, told the three that it would be on the house as thanks for saving the city.

As Ray walked out of the Guild hall though, Candy and Tuffy couldn't help but think that Ray reminded them of someone they had met not too long ago.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193 - Kelberg City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After having a comfy sleep at the inn, the next day had arrived and it was time for Ray and the other two to head off again to continue their journey. Before heading off though, Ray had decided to update Slyvia and the others back at Avrion of the situation.

Slyvia agreed that the best decision would be to send some knights to cover the nearby towns to stop cases like this happening in the future. All though they didn't have many knights compared to before, it was unlikely that the Dark guild or the Shadow plague were planning another attack any time soon.

What the city needed to do now more than ever, was build good relations with the people nearby so they could come to trust the Red wings.

Ray had also informed Slyvia of what Gorden had told him about Demons. It seemed like Slyvia had no clue about these so-called Demons either and only Von knew about them as a myth.

However, when Ray had told Slyvia of these Demons she went to check out if she could find anything about them in the Dragon knights journals and they indeed had written down something about them.

Unfortunately, Slyvia had yet to decode this part but would update Ray as soon as she did.

The town was happy to gift Ray and the others a free carriage and horse for the journey. Gorden insisted that they take it for free after all the money that they got back from the imposters was more than enough to cover for it. But Ray refused and paid them for the horses and carriages anyway.

Now that they were no longer traveling on foot, Ray and the others were able to make quick time and would be able to reach the city in a couple of days. There were no huge incidents on the way to the city other than a few basic beasts here and there.

Ray was very disappointed that he still hadn't located any advanced beasts for him to defeat. If he wanted to level up and get stronger the next step was to get more crystals but like the rumours suggested Alure kingdom wasn't a place full of high-level beasts.

Finally, after two days they had finally arrived at Kelberg city. The wall surrounding the city was round in shape unlike the square style Avrion had and Kelberg was around three times bigger.

Kelberg was known as the city of merchants, as most merchants would have their base located at Kelberg. It was the biggest trading centre in all of Allure kingdom and also had the biggest markets. Adventures, Guilds and Nobles who hard their own armies would often come here to try find a good deal on equipment.

It was also located further in land, away from the border line meaning it was safe from not only the Shadow plague but the other kingdoms and Empire below as well.

Upon reaching the gate the three of them had to pay an entrance fee of two silver coins per person but once they had entered once, they were free to come and go as they pleased.

"WOW THIS IS AMAZING!" Gary said as soon as he stepped through the city gates.

Unlike Avrion the streets were filled with people all smiling and playing about. The streets were wide and filled with market stalls centred down the middle, they sold general goods and some were selling beast cores and weapons.

Gary felt like he was a kid in a candy shop. Jack didn't care for much of the weapons or shiny things, he was more interested in the food. As soon as he stepped into the city he could smell the meat juices flowing in the air.

His nose was already telling him which direction to head in.

Ray could tell the two of them were excited just from being here.

"Here take this and you two go and have fun," Ray said as he handed each of them a gold coin and a silver coin each.

"Isn't this the nearly all of our money?" Gary asked.

Ray had received 10 gold coins in total from Slyvia he had already spent 5 gold coins creating the guild and paid 2 silver for the horses and Carriage. Then there was also the 2 silver each for the entrance fee leaving Ray with 3 gold coins.

"We can always get more, you two go buy yourself some good equipment and get some food. Enjoy yourself it's the first time we've been to a new city. When I need to call you guys I'll send you a message."

Jack and Gary didn't have to wait for Ray to ask twice and immediately headed off to explore the city and the Market stalls.

While Jack and Gary were busy shopping, Ray needed to try to gather information about the Quest in search for the Demon man. There was only one place for that, and that was the guild halls.

The only problem was Kelberg had a total of three Guild halls. Two of them were owned by Guilds while one of them was owned by the city. Ray decided to the city one first for information.

After getting some Kebab sticks for Jack, he was satisfied to go wherever Gary wanted to go. Gary decided to immediately head to the weapon section of the market. After using the strange new sword Gary realized how important it was to have good equipment.

After searching the market for a while, Gary spotted something from the corner of his eye. It was a beautiful white one-handed sword. It had a nice ripple wave pattern going down the edge of the sword and the handle had an outline of beautiful white feathers.

Gary had never seen such a beautiful sword in his life.

"This is it, this one I have to get!" Gary said.

"Hey, mister how much for this sword here?" Two voices said at the same time.

When Gary said those words, he felt like he had heard another voice say the same thing and when he turned around, he could see a girl by his side looking at the same sword.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194 - A bet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Gary turned to see who was by his side and had an interest in the same sword as him, he was surprised to see that it was a female. From what he could tell at least. The female's face was mostly covered by a cloak she was wearing and also had a black scarf around her mouth.

The only thing Gary could see clearly was her green eyes and long tanned legs coming out from the skirt she was wearing.

The girl decided to ignore Gary and continued to talk to the shopkeeper.

"Sorry, how much for this fine sword here?" She asked.

"Oh, what a good choice this young lady has, it only came in yesterday and is an extremely rare advanced tier weapon called the White falcon. It cost a total of one gold coin." The shop keeper replied.

"I'll take it!" Gary quickly interrupted.

The female started to look Gary up and down. Gary didn't even have a decent pair of shoes on, there was no way he could afford this sword she thought.

Then she noticed the tag that was around Gary's neck. It was Red in color which indicated that Gary was the lowest Rank an adventurer could be, Rank F.

"Oh please, like anyone is going to believe you can afford a …" But before the female could finish her sentence, Gary had pulled out a single cold coin.

The female clenched her fist and shouted

"1 gold and five silver."

The shopkeeper's eyes suddenly lit up with gold coins. One gold coin was already a small fortune and now he was getting half of that for free.

Gary then turned around to look at Jack who was still busy eating his fifth kebab stick of meat.

"Hey, do you mind if I use your gold coin for this, I promise to pay you back in the future."

"Sure go ahead, I don't need to get anything anyway."

Just as the shop keeper was about to agree to the agreed amount with the female, Gary interrupted with his new offer.

"2 gold coins for the sword."

The female was starting to get frustrated, she never expected a pair of F Ranks to be able to have so much money on them. They were practically giving away a family's life savings. Then a thought came to her mind. Perhaps they were from one of the two big Guilds in the city.

If that was the case, she would do her best to avoid a confrontation with them.

"You, what guild are you from?"

"We're part of the Red wings." Gary said proudly.

"Red wings? I've never even heard of them."

Gary was hurt a little by the words but it was expected. Kelberg was away from Avrion, unlike the town they had visited previously. Even if they did know about Avrion being taken over, it was unlikely they would know of the group involved until much later.

After realizing that Gary wasn't from one of the big guilds, she decided to go ahead and increase her offer.

"2 gold and five silvers."

Gary now had no choice but to give up on the sword as he and Jack just didn't have enough money.

The shop keeper and the female exchanged coin for the sword and as she held it in her hands she had a huge grin on her face. She looked at Gary before turning around and smiled as if to rub it in his face.

But as she walked off, a gust of wind blew by revealing the females back, that's when Gary noticed what she was carrying on her. It was a stick with a crystal beast core attached to the end. Something that mages used called a wand.

"Wait!" Gary shouted.

The female turned around and waited for Gary to come to her.

"You, you're a mage, what are you going to do with the sword?"

"I plan to give it to my father as a gift, he loves collecting these types of things."

The thought of an old man keeping something as beautiful as this as an ornament sickened Gary. The sword was meant for battle and Gary wanted to fulfil its wish.

"look, is there any way I could get that sword, I really need it. I can even give you more money for it later." Gary asked.

The female thought for a little while before giving a reply.

"Oh, I know!" She said, "How about we have a little contest, Berg!" She called out.

Suddenly from the crowd of people, a large man had appeared as If he had been there the whole time. The man looked like a large bodybuilder in his mid 30's.

"If you can beat my guard Berg here in an arm-wrestling contest then your free to keep the sword." The girl was fairly confident in her guard's skills. Her father had hired him, after all, to protect her in the worst-case scenarios.

Gary, on the other hand, wasn't confident in his strength. Just looking at the large man-made him gulp, Gary was the type of person who focused more on his skill.

Then an idea came to Gary's mind.

"If you're allowed to use someone else then can I use my friend here," Gary said as he pointed at Jack.

The female looked at Jack and noticed he was fairly muscular and a little larger than Gary but still nowhere near the size of her guard Berg. She also noticed that Jack had a red tag as well. Most F class adventures didn't even know about using Ki, while her guard was quite skilled at it.

"Fine but you asked for it, if you lose you have to give me your gold coins then." She said.

"Deal."

The two of them then went into a nearby tavern. Straight away the customers in there noticed Berg walk in and greeted him as they saw him.

"Hey, do you think this guy is famous or something?" Gary whispered to Jack.

"Does it matter?" Jack replied, "Just as long as we don't get in trouble."

The group quickly sat at a table and soon a crowd had quickly gathered around.

"Hey, Berg is taking on another one."

"Do you think anyone can beat him?"

"Hey, the kid he's going up against looks quite muscular."

"You know it's not just about the muscles, right?"

The crowd was starting to make Gary nervous thinking he might have made a mistake. Jack might have been strong at the academy but who knew what that meant in the outside world. Jack, on the other hand, was just getting more excited as he heard people talk about how strong this Berg was.

"There's no backing out of this now." The girl said as she could see Gary starting to sweat.

"Just remember to give me that sword once my friends done."

The two locked hands and were ready.

"3,2,1 go!"

*****

Special thanks to Ekwuruke_Samuel, Fenrir2040, Mirmirb1, Jennifer_Thiel, Alg_But, amasuckerforanimes, and Victor_Uwadia So many gits yesterday thank you so much for being part of the Red wings Army ????

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195 - Quest complete?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the two men locked hands, Jack continued to look into Berg's eyes. The excitement was starting to pump into his heart and without even realizing it, Jack had slightly started to activate his werewolf beast genes.

Berg, on the other hand, felt no different than he usually did. He would try his best and defeat every opponent he came against because he knew how to use Ki, while others around him didn't. Berg concentrated the Ki into his hand and waited for the judge to say go.

"3,2,1, go!"

BANG!!!!!!!

As soon as the judge said go, a loud band was heard as if someone had just shot a bullet inside of the tavern but in reality, everyone there knew what had happened because they had seen it with their own eyes.

"YES!" Gary shouted, "We won."

In an instant, Jack had used all his strength to push Berg's hand down. The force and strength were so fast that when Berg's hand had touched the table, a loud bang noise was heard and the table snapped in half.

If it wasn't for Jack stopping Berg's hand in time. Berg's entire body would have been thrown to the ground and quite possibly have broken his shoulder.

Jack then let go of Berg's hand. Luckily for Berg, not much damage was done because Berg had activated his KI hardening his hand. However, Berg's feelings were hurt, not only had he lost but he could also see that Jack was visibly upset, as if he had expected more out of him.

"I'll be taking this thank you," Gary said as he quickly snatched the sword away from the female's hands.

"What happened, did you forget to use your Ki?" She asked.

"No, he's just a… he's just a monster." Berg replied

"Are we dreaming?" a random man from the tavern said.

"No Berg lost for the first time ever."

"Who are you guys?" But as the man turned around, the two people Gary and Jack had already left the tavern with the sword.

"The Red wings huh, it's best if we keep an eye on them." She thought, "let's just hope they don't cause trouble for our city.

****

At the north side of Kelberg City, Ray had finally reached the City's guildhall. It was the guildhall that was open to all adventures so Ray had no problem entering.

The guild hall was about 5 times the size of the town's one. It was fully packed with Partys and guilds getting ready to do quests.

There were a few changes between the city's guild hall and the towns. The town only had one counter to do everything at, while the city had a separate counter for each thing.

They had a counter to hand in quests, a counter for newly registered users, a counter for selling beasts cores and even more counters for other things.

Ray had learned a lesson from last time. His red hair immediately made him a target for others and right now he was doing his best to find out information. S before entering the guild hall he decided to use his transform skill and disguise himself as Nes.

This time when he entered, not a single person paid him any notice, no one looked in his direction or gave him stares and no one was mumbling under their breath.

Ray immediately headed towards the quest bored to find the quest Gorden had told him about, in just a few seconds he had already spotted it but something on it had surprised him.

Ray tore the sheet of paper of the quest board to get a closer look.

"Completed."

The quest had a big red stamp on it saying completed meaning that the man that Ray was looking for, had already been captured.

"If you're looking for that man then you're too late," A voice from behind said, "They got him just a few hours ago."

When Ray turned around, the man and Ray had the same reaction when they saw each other.

"I remember you!" Ark said.

"Yes, it's been a while."

Ray didn't actually remember Ark's face, he was a pretty generic pretty boy with blonde hair but what stood out to him was the Armour ark wore. It was so shiny and sparkling that he looked a bit out of place.

The last time Ray had met Ark was when he was with Candy and Tuffy. Ark was originally the town's guild hall protector before he got called off on a quest.

"Do you mind telling me more about what happened?" Ray asked.

"There had been reports that there was a man who had been possed by a demon and wilded a hammer. At first, no one saw it as a big deal until an A rank adventurer took the quest. About a week ago his body was found with multiple round mallet hits. That's when the city escalated the case, they put a huge bounty on the man and asked the two largest Guilds in the city for help."

"That's why you left the town?"

Ark nodded.

"Yes, we wanted to make sure that no more members would die so we sent out our very best. The two guilds and adventures worked together and headed up the mountains where the man was last seen. The funny thing was though, as soon as we spotted the man he immediately sundered. The man was crying on his knees claiming to be possessed by the hammer itself saying it will destroy the city if we don't do something."

"So where is he now?" Ray asked.

"My guess is the underground cellar awaiting to go under trial."

Hearing this was good news for Ray. When Ray had seen the completed status he was afraid that the man had already died and the hammer had been taken. If the man was under arrest they most likely also confiscated his weapon in the underground cellars.

"Thank you for all your help," Ray said as he turned away and headed towards the door.

"I wonder why he was so interested in him." Ark thought.

Ray then immediately sent a message to Gary and Jack to come to meet him as soon as possible. Ray now had a new mission, they were breaking into the underground prison.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196 - In the Cellar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside Kelberg city, Ray was currently standing by a fountain located in the centre of a square. The square was surrounded by shops and little restaurants and full of kids in the middle of the street playing around.

However, Ray didn't look like his usual self for he was disguised as Nes.

Ray decided that it was best if he stayed in his transformed state as Nes. The main reason for this was whenever he would walk around the city as Ray, he would consistently get stares and whispers. It had been a while since this had happened as Ray had spent a long time at Avrion.

Although everyone had become accepting of Ray in Avrion city. The rest of the world still saw Ray's red hair as a sign of bad luck or danger. Right now, Ray was planning to sneak into the cellars below so it was best for him to avoid attention as much as possible.

Finally, Gary and Jack had arrived after receiving the message from Ray. Gary had his new White falcon sword held around his waist proudly hoping Ray would say something but Ray completely ignored Gary and cut to the chase.

"You want us to break in, what if someone spots us, won't we be arrested?" Gary asked

"I have already received information from the guards and it seems our skills should be enough," Ray replied.

While waiting for Gary and Jack, Ray took the opportunity to use his Dragons truth on many of the guards. The guards of the city actually weren't too strong. Most of them had come from the city of Avrion after completing their three years of training.

There was a reason why Guilds decided to make their base at Kelberg. Due to the number of merchants traveling from Kelberg, there was a huge number of requests for Quest to do with escorting. The city guards were just not powerful enough to handle these.

It was a good city for Guilds to make coin in and at the same time, the city also gained from it as well. This was why the mayor made sure to keep a good relationship with the two big guilds making sure no one upset them.

The guards inside the city were really only there to deal with thievery, disputes, collecting taxes, and all sorts.

"Well maybe us two can sneak in but what about him?" Gary said as he pointed to Jack.

Ray and Gary had been trained as black sashes. The set of skills they had learned during their time at the academy was designed for this very thing. Climbing walls, picking locks, and hiding using their shadow skill.

But Jack was a white sash, not only had he not learned any of these skills but he stood out like a sore thumb.

"Jack will stay above ground watching the entrance telling us if he spots anything weird from above."

With the details of the plan discussed, the three of them waited until night time to take action. Gary and Ray's shadow skills worked better at night making it harder for them to be seen.

From the information that Ray had gathered, there were two entrances to the underground cellars. One was placed just outside the city while the other was inside the castle located in the centre of the city. This one was more heavily guarded as more Guards were protecting the Mayor.

The three of them left the city and went to where the cellar entrance was located. Just outside the city was a guard tower with a smaller wall with several knights on watch duty. This was an outpost that was used to take criminals that had been captured outside of the city, straight to the cellars without having the need for them to go through the city.

Ray used his dragon eyes skill to measure the guard's strength and it was weaker than he had thought. With this level of skill, Ray and Gary would be able to sneak in even without having to use their shadow skill.

After bypassing the first set of guards and entering the small outpost, they could finally see the entrance to the underground cellar. The entrance was just a regular double steel door unlike the ones at Avrion that required a special combination and were made of the hardest material known to man.

These steel doors could easily be broken by Ray but they didn't want to cause a commotion. The two of them quietly waited until the right opportunity and then finally someone had opened the door to switch duties with someone above.

Ray used that period to sneak by the guards using their shadow skills almost making them invisible.

"Hey did you feel that wind blow by just now." A guard said as Gary walked past him.

"What are you talking about, there's no wind at all today."

"Must have been my imagination."

Finally, Gary and Ray were in the underground cellar. The cellar was a large single room that was too big for Ray to see the end of. Every ten meters or so at the side of the wall would be a set of Iron bars, behind the bars each contained a small room harbouring a criminal.

"It will take us forever to find him?" Gary said looking at all the rooms.

Ray started to use his Dragon eyes to scan the room, he wasn't looking for the man himself but was looking for the weapon specifically. That's when Ray noticed something strange. At the very back of the cellar, a strong life force was burning Red as if a beast was being kept down here.

As Ray looked closer though he realized it had a shape of a human, not only that but the human was still holding something in his hand that resembled the hammer.

"The man is this way," Ray said, "Let's hurry."

Back outside of the outpost Jack continued to keep an eye out to see if there was anything strange but that's when he started to sniff out a familiar scent. Then he heard sounds coming through the forest he was hiding in.

Jack quickly hid behind a huge boulder waiting to see who it was. Then two figures wearing hooded cloaks had appeared. One was large while the other was small.

They walked up to the outpost and Jack continued to keep an eye on them. When they finally arrived, they took off their cloaks to reveal their faces. One of them was a woman while the other was a man Jack recognized.

It was Berg form the tavern.

"We are here to see the criminal you caught today." The female voice said.

****

Special thanks to Sarah_Tosin, reader555, DarkShadow_DS, Ekwuruke_Samuel, Fenrir2040, and Alexander_Bingham for the gifts, these really help me continue writing the story and maybe one day I can write full time bringing you even more chapters and more works.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197 - Fused together
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Jack didn't recognize the woman by her appearance, when she was walking past, he did recognize her smell. She was the same person who was at the tavern with Berg. The person who had made a bet with Gary over the sword.

"I wonder what they are doing here?"

Although Jack wasn't the type to sneak about, his curiosity got the better of him. He tried his best to move forward without being scene and eventually found a good place for cover.

The only problem was there was a guard at the top keeping watch. Jack waited until the guard was looking in the other direction then bolted across as fast as he could. Jack was now directly under the guard while leaning up against the wall of the outpost, located just around the corner from the cloaked people they had met in the tavern.

"Hah, wait until Gary here's about this." Jack thought, "It seems like I'm not so bad at sneaking myself."

The truth was Jack was a little upset that he couldn't go down to the cellars with the other two, he felt a bit left out and hurt. Regardless Jack was now close enough to hear in on their conversation.,

"Miss Lilly! What brings you here at this hour." The guard said.

"My father has asked me to check up on the criminal that had been caught today."

"Yes please, right this way you two." The guard said as he escorted the two of them into the outpost and towards the underground cellar.

"Dam this is bad." Jack thought, judging by their conversation Lilly was planning to speak to the same person Ray was looking for right now.

Just as Jack was about to send a message to inform the other two, the guard directly above spotted Jack.

"You, what are you doing here!" The guard shouted from above.

"Dam!" Jack ran as fast as he could straight into the forest but as he turned around, he noticed some guards giving chase.

"Maybe I'm not cut out for this sneaky business after all."

****

Back in the cellar, Ray and Gary were moving around cautiously, every so often there would be a guard stationed in between the prison cells. Even though the shadow skill was effective in them not being seen, it wasn't a 100 percent.

The shadow skill was similar to casting a type of illusion, moving in and out of spaces at the right time. It took immense concentration and if you were off by a little bit, it would cause a ripple in space that was quite noticeable.

Then Suddenly Ray saw a message pop up in front of him from his system.

"taven cominnnngnn"

"What the hell!" Gary said, "This is unreadable."

"Maybe something happened outside," Ray said, "We shouldn't worry too much Jack knows what he is doing."

The two decided to ignore the message and continued to move forward. Finally, after walking ahead for a while, they had reached the end of the room and at the same time could see the man they were looking for.

Behind the man was a blazing hot furnace spewing flames. The curly-haired man was only dressed in ragged trousers and had each of his limbs changed down into the ground. The heat from the furnace was so strong that Ray was surprised the man was still alive, but instead, he just stood there smiling.

On one of his hands, was a Hammer, but it wasn't held in his hand like Ray originally thought. The hammer itself had become the man's hand as if they had been fused together.

Ray started to step forward to get a closer look at the man and the hammer, then suddenly, the sound of footsteps could be heard behind them.

"Someone's coming." Gary said, "What should we do?"

Ray quickly looked around the room and to the right of them, there was a prison room with iron bars. Ray walked up to the room and using only his hands he pulled two of the iron bars apart until they had bent and made a gap big enough for a human to fit through.

"Get in!"

Gary quickly rushed into the room and Ray followed, then bending the bars behind him once again making it seem like no one had tampered with them.

"Is there anyone inside?" Ray asked.

Gary looked around the room and noticed one inmate covered in a thin sheet asleep.

"I don't think he's waking up anytime soon."

"Good, keep him that way."

Lilly and Berg had arrived in front of the man with two guards as escorts. Gary and Ray were close enough to see the whole thing and that's when Gary spotted the girl.

Lilly had short brown hair that went down to her collar bone. She also had tanned skin and always brought her trusty wand with her attached to her belt around the back.

"I know her, and the guy as well, they were both at the tavern." Gary said, "What are they doing here?"

As soon as the chained man saw the female in front of him, he started to speak.

"It looks like you brought me a young lady to have fun with while I'm down here." The chained man laughed.

"Why is he chained next to the furnace and not in one of the cell's," Lilly asked. "We do not torture our prisoners."

"You are mistaken, Miss." The guard said, "The man looked like he was slowly dying, he kept pleading us to bring him closer to a flame. Under your father's orders, he was placed here to be kept alive."

Gary looked at the flames behind the man, wondering how on earth someone was able to withstand something so strong. His body seemed even stronger than Jack's.

"How can a human survive those flames."

"Because he's not human, or at least he's not anymore," Ray replied.

Maybe this man was once human but right now through his Dragon eyes, Ray could only see a beast but this was a first for Ray. He had never heard of a weapon turning a human into a beast but if Ray was able to be turned from a beast to a human, why wouldn't it be possible for the other way round.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198 - Divine Puppet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lilly had been tasked by her father to get as much information from the man as possible. At first, they thought the man might be related to the shadow plague and that was a huge worry for the kingdom if they were able to already infiltrate so far in.

"You can call me Vercy." The chained man said.

"Okay, Vercy," Lilly replied. "Why have you come to Delberg?"

"To kill you all," Vercy said.

"It's useless." The guard said. "The man won't say anything about the real reason he is here."

"The demon inside me has granted me unlimited power and I wanted to test it on the first city I saw, this just happened to be it. Once I get rid of you from the inside the shadow plague can come in and take care of your so-called Divine being."

Ray felt like he had just obtained another piece of the puzzle but at the same time, he didn't quite have the whole picture. Was the Shadow plagues whole goal to destroy the Divine being? Then what was his role in all this? Not only that but why would a piece of weaponry called Dragon hammer have possessed a human being.

"Good luck trying all that while stuck down here," Lilly said.

Then Vercy started to go into a mad laugh.

"You fool, you think I'm stuck here because you actually caught me?" Then the hammer on Vercy's right hand started to glow slightly purple. "I have obtained the power of a Demon, I now wield the Dragon's hammer and with it will bring destruction to you all!"

The guards quickly rushed over to try to restrain the man but then an invisible wave of power came from Vercy, knocking the two knights over.

"Lilly we have to get out of here!" Berg shouted.

"But what about Vercy," Lilly replied, "If he escaped then the whole city might be destroyed."

"Ray what should we do? Things are getting out of hand."

Ray decided he had no choice, he needed to stop the man from getting out of control.

****

Outside in the forest, Jack was still being followed by the outpost guards. There was currently a total of three guards on his tail. When Jack thought he had finally lost them, he went to hide behind one of the trees in the forest.

"I think I finally lost them."

The three guards continued to search the forest when one of them spotted Jack's Giant greatsword sticking out from the side of the tree.

"There he is!" the guard shouted. "Get him."

The three continued the chase through the forest and Jack was slowly starting to lose his patience. "How do Ray and Gary do it." Jack thought.

Jack was to slow to outrun the guards and wasn't nimble enough to lose them either. As soon as they saw his face, Jack knew he wouldn't be allowed in the city again and if he killed the guards it would start a whole investigation.

Besides Jack didn't want to kill some guards that had done nothing wrong, this wasn't like the Pureblood members or killing a beast. This people just had a job to do and at the end of the day went home to their families.

Then an idea came to Jack's head, he didn't need to be like Ray or Gary, he would deal with things his way. As Jack went through the forest, he drew his giant great sword. While he continued to Run Jack hacked down tree after tree with a single strike.

The guards chasing after him were able to jump over the first few trees but soon they started to slow down. Eventually, Jack was able to completely lose sight of the guards but without even realizing it, Jack himself had run into an area completely unknown to him.

"How the hell do I get back to the academy?"

****

In the underground cellar, the force emitting from Vercy was only getting stronger. Lilly and Berg were struggling to even stand up. Once again the Hammer on Vercy's body started to pulsate and glow again sending another strong shockwave.

Lilly felt sick and felt if she had to take this power one more time, she didn't know what would happen. Then just before the shock wave could hit Lilly, a complete stranger with red hair stood in front of her.

Ray gathered the mana in his fist and sent out a punch of his own, matching the power of the shockwave and sending out his own shockwave.

When the two shockwaves hit each other they cancelled each other out.

"You, you puppet of the Divine being, Get out of my way!" Vercy shouted.

Gary quickly rushed over to Lilly's side and gave out his hand to lift her off the ground.

"You two get out of here," Gary said.

"You!, you're the boy from the tavern!" Lilly noticed.

"Get out of here, we don't have time for introductions."

"But what about you?"

"We will be fine trust me. We're strong." Gary said smiling.

Berg then Quickly lifted Lilly up and placed her under his arm before running off to the cellar's exit.

The power coming off Vercy was strong and Ray needed to do something to make it weaker and Ray could only think of one thing. He needed to touch Vercy and use Mana drain.

Vercy continued to emit shockwave after shockwave from his hammer while being chained up but Ray equally created his own shockwave punching the air with his fist cancelling out the ones from the hammer.

Then when Ray was finally close enough to touch the man, he placed his right hand on the man's head but something unexpected happened.

Ray was instantly taken into the man's mind. At first, he could see a hopeless single man surrounded by purple flames trying to break free but it was hopeless.

As Ray moved closer to the purple flames, the flames started to form around the man and form a shape. The power was immense, the pressure was so strong Ray felt like he was going to collapse at any second.

His vision was slowly fading but before he went into complete darkness, he managed to catch the form of the purple flames, it had resembled that of a Dragon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199 - An Expert
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Ray awoke, he noticed that his surroundings were different from what he last remembered.

"This isn't the cellar?"

Ray was in a large fancy room that was decorated with several paintings and ornaments. When he looked down, he noticed he was under silk sheets, a luxury only the rich could afford.

"Ray your awake?" Gary said. "Just stay down, your safe here for now but the first thing you need to do Ray is cover your arms."

Ray then looked at his arms and he noticed his transform skill had gone. Now his hands showed scaled markings and fins at the side of his forearms. Ray immediately used his transform skill and returned them to human appearance.

Gary looked away but Ray could tell his curiosity inside was killing him.

"You want to know, don't you?" Ray said.

"What me! of course not," Gary said nervously.

Of course, Gary was curious about Ray. When Ray collapsed in the cellar the transformation skill had immediately deactivated, revealing Ray's true form. At first, Gary was shocked but whatever Ray was, it didn't matter, Ray had saved Gary's life.

"What happened? Where is Jack? Where are we?" Ray asked.

"Whoa calm down with the questions, one at a time." Gary replied, "We're currently inside the castle located at the centre of Kelberg."

"You mean?"

"That's right, we're currently in the Mayor's house, more well more specifically in the Mayor's daughter's room. You remember that girl that was in the cellar with us, well her name is Lilly and she's the mayor's daughter. She came back to help us."

Then another thought came to Ray, it was fine if Gary had seen his arms but what about Lilly. Ray touched his arms.

"Don't worry, before she came back, I made sure your arms were covered, she didn't see anything, only me."

"What about the Demon man?"

"He escaped, after you touched his head and collapsed on the ground, the Demon man managed to free himself from the Chains, he looked weak but when Berg, Lilly's guard tried attacking him he was blown away with a single swing of his hammer. The man quickly left after that and that's when they decided to bring you here."

"and Jack?"

"I thought it would be best if he stayed in the city, see if he could get any information about the man while we were stuck in here. You've been out for a week you know."

"A whole week!" Ray said surprised.

Just then Lilly carefully opened the door to her room and closed it quickly behind her.

"Finally, I got away from those guys," Lilly said. "Oh, he's finally awake, you must be a bit tired, how about a bath, I have one just in the other room."

"I'm sorry but I'm afraid we must go!" Ray said as he lifted the silk sheets and tried to lift his body from the bed but he was groggy and immediately fell to the floor.

"Ray, don't move man! you haven't moved in a week and you're doing this."

"Silly boys," Lilly said, "can never admit when you need to rest, stay here until dinner and see how you feel, when you're all better you can decide to leave today or tomorrow."

Lilly then took a chair from one of her desks and brought it over to sit next to Garry who was sat by Ray lying on the bed. Lilly was sat so close that Gary could practically smell the shampoo from her hair.

"The smell of roses, so nice." Gary thought as he looked at Lilly once more.

He noticed that Lilly was quite an attractive girl even though she had a serious face all the time.

"Now that I've helped the two of you, you guys need to answer a few questions of mine. After you left that tavern, I did some research into your so-called Guild called the Red wings and I have to say I was quite surprised that the people who had taken over Avrion, had decided to come all the way here."

Gary started to laugh nervously.

"First give me one good reason to trust you guys, after all my father was good friends with some people at Avrion. The only reason why I haven't reported you to them yet is that I believe you saved my life."

Then when Ray went to open up his system, a new message had appeared as he suspected.

"Who was your father's friends with?" Ray asked.

"I believe it was a man named Wilfred."

After hearing those words Grey let out a huge breath. He was a little worried that maybe Lilly and her father would have been caught up with the Pure bloods but that didn't seem to be the case.

"Then we are not your enemy," Ray replied.

"Then tell me why were you after the Demon man?" Lilly asked.

"I was not after the man himself but we received information that he might be using a weapon that originally belonged to us. Has that satisfied your curiosity?"

Lilly stayed silent for a while as she gathered her thoughts. Gary couldn't help but stare at her and when Ray noticed, Ray gave Gary a nudge with his arm.

"If possible, I would like to ask for your assistance in capturing the man, I believe we can both get what we are looking for?"

"How do you plan to do that, I heard he has escaped, if I was him, I would have left this city long ago."

"Yes, that would be true if he was a normal human but he is a Demon. Not much is known about their kind but we do know this one in particular works for the shadow plague and we just so happen to have called in an expert."

"Who is this expert?"

"Actually, I believe he used to be a knight at Avrion if I'm not mistaken, he goes by the name of Lenny steel."

Gary didn't know why but the name sounded familiar to him, then it hit him. Lenny steel was the author who had written about all the mythical creatures in the book he had read.

Ray also recognized the name, a long time ago when he was researching the Dragon knights, Lenny had described the knights as people with powers of a dragon.

Ray had wanted to meet the man for the longest time and it looked like he would finally have his chance.

****

Special thanks to Daoist526283, Fenrir2040, Stubole, Username1, amasuckerforanimes, Daoist526283 and Seth_Thomas

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200 - Investigation Team
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Ray was excited that he would finally meet the man called Lenny steel. He was slightly confused. When he asked Slyvia about the author she stated that Lenny steel was treated like a madman writing about exaggerated tails. Was there a difference in opinion or had Kelberg just become that desperate?

"How will Lenny steel help us with this task?" Ray asked

"It wasn't my decision but someone claimed that he was an expert," Lilly explained, "The man is meant to know about all sorts of things such as magical beasts and magical equipment. Just like the metal hammer the man used. Kelberg has decided to create an investigation team with me as the lead. A member each from the large guilds and finally I want to invite you guys."

Originally Ray wanted to find out about the Dragon hammer on his own, for fear that others might try taking it but the truth was Ray didn't know much about the hammer and the only lead he had disappeared. Slyvia was still struggling to decode the journals and this Lenny Steel might have some answers Ray was looking for.

"Alright, I agree for now," Ray said as held out his hand.

Lilly smiled and shook Ray's hand.

After spending the night at Lilly's place, Ray had slowly made a full recovery and could move once again. He thought back to the underground cellar and the immense power the Demon man held. At the time, Ray's power seemed to be equal to the men but he had a feeling it was slowly growing.

Although Ray was busy hunting the man down, Ray also needed to get stronger himself. He sent out a message to Slyvia and the other members of the Red wings to inform him if they found any advanced tier beast. Now that Ray had unlocked his teleportation skill, Ray would be able to teleport to their location and the next day teleport back to the city of Kelberg.

The most surprising thing to Ray though, was Slyiva's reaction when he told her he was going to meet Lenny Steel.

"What did you say? But how is that possible?" Slyvia said. "How is he still alive, Lenny steel wrote those books about the Dragon knights around 50 years ago, and his book before those about the magical beast were 50 years before that, he must be over a hundred years old."

Although it was possible to slow down the aging process with Ki, Ki was relatively a new concept to humans, and there weren't many who knew how to use it properly for years.

"Don't worry too much Slyvia," Ray said, "I'll keep you updated as much as I can."

Everyone was told by Lilly to gather at the tavern where Gary and Jack had held their arm wrestling match against Berg by noon. Lilly was the first to arrive with her trusted guard Berg.

When Ray entered the tavern with Jack and Gary, they spotted Lilly sitting on a long table at the back. The group went over to join her and Lilly noticed something different about Ray.

"Did you dye your hair?" Lilly asked.

Ray had decided to keep most of his appearance the same, while transforming his hair from red to black and covering up his arms.

"Yeah, less attention this way," Ray replied.

The two groups remained in silence as they waited for the others to arrive. Finally, a blonde boy in shining armour had arrived. It was Ark from one of the top guilds in Kelberg called Flying Angel.

Before sitting down on the bench, Ark made sure to wipe his seat and place a cloth down. Lilly introduced Ark to the others, however, When Gary put his hand out for a shake, Ark refused but quickly explained it was for hygiene reason and nothing personal. Although Gary felt like it was very personal.

Then another man arrived and sat down with the group. It was a black man named Keke who had several piercings on his body and tattoos covering his entire arms. On his back, he had two curved half-moon like swords. Keke was part of the other top guild in the city named BoroBoro.

As Keke was being introduced to the group, he noticed the tag's around Ray and the other's necks and all of them being red.

"Are sure their people are going to be any help? They will only slow us down." Keke said.

Keke and Ark both wore Green tags which indicated they were C rank, which meant they were better than most adventures out there and could take on an advanced tier beast on their own.

"This is my task force and I hope that you would respect them as you would respect me," Lilly said and Keke immediately went silent.

"This girl is kinda fierce," Jack whispered to Gary.

"Yeah isn't it great," Gary replied.

Finally, the last person had arrived and that was Lenny Steel himself. Lenny looked like a wise old giant. He stood 7 feet tall and had to bend slightly to make it through the doorway. His face had a beard that had specks of grey hair but the man didn't look a day over 40.

"This isn't exactly the best place to hold a meeting is it?" Lenny said as he sat at the table.

"Don't worry about that," Lilly said as she brought out her wand and started to cast a spell.

Suddenly, the noise around the tavern stopped and a sphere-like shape could be seen around them. "Only our voices can be heard while we remain in the bubble."

"Wind magic I see." Lenny said. "impressive."

"As you all know we are here to recapture the Demon man, not only has his strength grown from last time but it seems we have found out some new information," Lilly explained. "The man seems to be working for the shadow plague, but we do not know why he has come to Kelberg or even if he is still here. That's why the mayor has called the very best people to find and bring him back."

Keke started to laugh at Lilly's last words and looked over at Ray and the others.

"I don't know why you're struggling so much." Lenny said, "the demon man already told you he is a part of the shadow plague, right? And what is there goal? To rid the land of the Divine being of course. So all we need to do is go see the Divine being."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201 - Here we go again
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone in the room paused for a slight second while they took in what Lenny had just said. It was even quieter than usual thanks to Lilly's soundproof bubble.

"But isn't the Divine being located at Avrion?" Gary asked.

Lenny seemed to get a reaction out of that and raised his eyebrows.

"Don't you mean it's at Roland." Ark replied, "That's common knowledge correct?"

Just then, Ray noticed that even Lilly was acting strangely and was sweating a little. There were only two people on the table that had no reaction to what Lenny had just said. And that was Ray and Lenny himself.

"It seems you know more you know more than the others," Lenny said staring at Ray. "Don't you?"

Lenny then took a big sip of his drink before continuing.

"What if I told you, you were all right," Lenny said. "The Divine being is not only located at Roland but at Avrion, and here in Kelberg as well, isn't that right Lilly?"

Ray had already known this when he met the Divine being at Avrion and it had shown him images. That day a part of him had connected with it. He suddenly realized that the Divine being at Avrion was only a piece and if he wanted to find out what happened, he would have to go see all the pieces.

That was why he was heading to Roland in the first place but unknown to him there was another piece of the Divine being right here in this city.

"He's right, the Divine being is located in my father's castle," Lilly replied.

Keke then stood up in anger

"And you think it was a good idea to keep this a secret from the guilds?"

"Don't blame her," Gary said, "The fewer people that know about the Divine being the better, who knows what the people or others would do if they knew it was here."

"Did I ask for your opinion you puny F Rank," Keke said as he reached for one the curved blades on his back.

Then when Keke went to draw his blade he felt a force grip his wrist.

"Hurt my men, and you die," Ray said as he gripped Keke's wrist tightly.

Keke tried his best to move his hand but even using all his strength he was unable to move even an inch. Keke then went to take a closer look at the man who was restraining him, just seconds ago Ray was on the other side of the table. Keke didn't even realize when he had moved.

"How can this guy be an F Rank?" Keke thought and he wasn't the only one, Ark who was watching thought the same thing. Ray was strong.

Keke let go of the blade and at the same time so did Ray and the two of them went to sit back in their seats.

"What do you think then?" Lenny asked.

"Although I think you are right that the Divine being can give us answers there are two problems. The divine being doesn't talk to anyone." Lilly said.

"This is a time of need is it not?" Lenny said, "If not now than when will the Divine being speak?"

"What you say is true but there is a second problem. My father would never allow us to see the Divine being, he is stubborn in his ways and even if we could sneak in, there is a huge door blocking the way. It's made of the hardest material known to man and only those who know the combination can unlock it."

Suddenly, Jack and Gary turned to look at Ray at the same time. This door sounded familiar and that was because it was. The door was the same type of door that was underneath Avrion.

"I believe we have someone who can solve that problem for you," Gary said. "Ray here is a master black sash knight of Avrion, there isn't a door he can't unlock," Gary said as he gave a wink to Ray.

Lilly thought about it for a while, although she doubted a lock like this could be picked, she knew Ray was special, she had seen that when he went up against Vercy the Demon man.

"Okay we can go but I won't force any of you to come with us. If we get caught then we could be sent to the cellars."

Not one person had decided to drop out, after all, for the others it was a once in a lifetime opportunity to see the Divine being. It was the god of the Alure kingdom and the whole reason why they hadn't been taken over by the shadow plague yet.

With everyone on an agreement, Lilly led the group to the Mayor's castle. Usually, visitors weren't allowed in the castle without an appointment but due to Lilly being with the group, they had access to anywhere they wanted to in the castle.

"Where is the Divine being located then?" Ark asked as he noticed that they weren't heading inside the castle but around the back instead.

"The Divine being itself is actually located somewhere underground," Lilly replied.

"Why is it always underground?" Gary said.

Lilly continued to guide the group and went around the castle to the back where a large Garden could be seen. It had beautiful cut crass and coloured flowers everywhere. Towards the back was a hedge maze.

The group entered the maze and after about ten minutes of walking around, they eventually reached the centre where there was a statue of a cloaked woman holding the staff.

Ray looked at the statue and now that he knew the Divine being was the witch he battled with, he could suddenly see the resemblance.

"Come on big guy, I know you're strong," Lilly said as she pointed at Jack.

Jack and Berg then started to push the statue until eventually, it revealed a large trap door. After lifting the trap door there was a staircase that led into darkness.

"I'm getting the feeling of Deja vu all over again," Gary said.

****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, Divine_Orji, DarkShadow_DS, and RontheSwanson who is the new number one gifter. I truly thank you all and these special people for supporting me on my Author journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202 - Lennys Fist
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group ventured down the staircase into darkness. Luckily each of them had prepared a light crystal beforehand thanks to Lilly informing them. The staircase went deep underground and Gary couldn't help but shiver.

"What's wrong, you can't be scared, can you?" Lilly said trying to tease Gary.

"No it's not that but this place just reminds me of somewhere I've been before and I don't like it one bit."

Jack suddenly started sniffing the air around him, which meant he caught the scent of something unusual.

"What is wrong with the man?" Keke complained.

"I smell something that doesn't belong here." Jack said.

"What are you a dog?" Keke Replied.

"Close," Jack said smiling.

Keke decided to leave it at that, he thought the group of people from Red wings were all just a bunch of weirdoes.

"I wouldn't worry too much. You saw the entrance, it was completely sealed, I doubt anything is living down here." Lilly said.

After walking down a few minutes, they had finally reached the bottom of the staircase. The floor levelled and was now flat and in front of them was a fairly large double door.

"Is this the door you spoke of?" Ark asked.

"No not this one, there is a bigger one further in," Lilly replied.

The door had several chains around it all connected to a single lock in the middle.

"Should we break the door down?" KeKe asked.

"No, it's best if we try to leave this place as it was, that way my father won't get suspicious."

"Alright then, Ray it's time to do your thing?" Gary said.

Ray walked up to the door and pulled out some small tools.

"You know, I seem to remember that you were a black sash knight too, were you not Gary."

Gary started to laugh.

"You know I was always the worst out of us three"

"Oh so the two of you were black sashes," Lenny said, "What a rare class indeed."

Gary and the others had almost forgotten that Lenny was once a student at Avrion, at a time when the Dragon knights had existed.

The lock was taking longer than usual for Ray, not only because it was a difficult lock but also because it had been a while since he had done something like this.

While Ray was busy dealing with the lock, Jack couldn't stop sniffing the air.

*sniff, *sniff, *sniff

"Would you please stop it with the sniffing!" Keke shouted.

"I'm telling you something is in this room with us." Jack replied.

The next second the others could see red glowing eyes behind Keke.? Then when Keke felt the breath of the beast on his neck he quickly turned but it was already on top of him. A human-sized bat-like creature with claws of a tiger was ripping into Keke's chest at an alarming rate.

It was a deadly Tiger bat. Although small in size they were fast and powerful, an Advanced tier beast.

"Quick we have to save him!" Lilly shouted.

Unexpectedly though, the first one to act in the group was Lenny. Lenny immediately leapt to the beast and punched the beast with his giant fist causing it to fall to the ground. Lenny quickly chased down the beast and continued to punch it while it stayed on the floor.

Several punches later the beasts stopped moving.

"Did he just kill that thing with his bare hands?" Ark said.

Lenny then stood tall shaking his fingers.

"That hurt more than I expected."

It was a strange sight for the group because Lenny had worn nothing but a cloak down here. He was the only one that wore no beast armour equipment and that included gauntlets. Which meant he really did kill the beast with his bare hands.

"How did you...?" Ark asked.

"It's a special magic spell I cast on my fists, A forbidden magic I might add for what reason I do not know, so you won't be finding that type of stuff at Roland," Lenny said.

The others started to see Lenny as a true member of the squad now, before they felt like they had to protect him like he was some type of old expert but Lenny could hold his own ground.

Lilly quickly went over to Keke's side to check up on his condition. The Tiger bat had managed to claw away most of Keke's armour and had caused cuts across his chest. If they were a second longer Keke would have been a dead man.

"Is he okay?" Ark asked.

"I'm not sure, I've never seen this type of beast before," Lilly replied.

"I wouldn't worry too much, the claws aren't poisonous if that was what you were thinking. That thing is known as a Tiger bat, they dwell underground and are basically blind so they don't react well to loud noises. My guess is when he shouted he attracted the beast on his own."

"Serves him right," Gary mumbled under his breath.

"The strange thing is how the beast got in," Lenny said, "Someone must have put the beast in here then locked the door, unless it followed us in here form behind but that is unlikely."

"Finally!" Ray shouted.

The whole time Ray had been unaware of what was going on behind him. He was simply too involved in unlocking the lock. At first, he wasn't too bothered but when the lock was proving difficult, he saw it as a challenge.

While Lilly was busy examining the extent of the wound on Keke. Lenny was busy examining the Tiger bat. He couldn't quite get it out of his head why the beast was inside.

He began to search through the beast's body tearing the beast limb from limb until he eventually uncovered a ring.

Lenny held up the ring which bared the symbol on two angelic wings.

"Do any of you recognize this?" Lenny asked.

"Yeah, the ring belongs to my guild the fallen angles," Ark replied.

"It looks like we have a traitor."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203 - Fallen Angel
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing Lenny's words, all eyes were on Ark but even Ark was confused by what Lenny had just said.

"Oh, I'm not talking about you of course." Lenny said with a smile, "Did you inform anyone of your visit to see the Divine being?"

"Only my guild leader knows about this visit."

Lenny then handed the ring over to Ark. "before I say anything else are you absolutely positive this belongs to your Guild."

Without any hesitation, Ark replied in an instant.

"Without a doubt."

"You see servants of the Shadow plague that haven't been possessed are sometimes tasked with a mission and to make sure there servant will do their best to complete the mission, they are asked to give up an item that will be able to identify them in case they fail."

"It looks like the Shadow plague has already got its hands deeply rooted in this city as well," Gary said.

"What do you mean?" Lilly asked.

"I'm sure you did your research about the fall of Avrion, well the whole reason that happened was because the shadow plague already had several men planted within the academy doing its bidding." Gary Explained.

"Avrion has fallen!" Lenny said with a surprised look on his face.

Gary then went on to explain to the rest of the group about what had happened At Avrion. How even the people at the top were working for the Shadow plague. That in the end, a group named the Red wings led by an adventurer named Nes had saved them.

"It's all true," Gary said, "And now I'm afraid the same thing might happen to this very city."

Lenny was now very curious about these Red wings' members. Other than himself, he had never found someone who was able to find the hidden evil within a city before. He had suspected Avrion might fall one day due to its stubborn rules but never expected it to be saved by an outside group.

"It can't be," Ark said with a horrified look on his face. "My guild can't be involved with the Shadow plague. I've known them for years; they are all good people. I must confront them about this immediately."

"And get yourself killed?" Lenny said, "That is foolish and will only cause us all to be punished."

"What should we do know then?" Lilly asked.

"My advice is it is best not to continue to go forward, who knows what else lies ahead. We should find the traitor first and then come back once it's safe."

"I can't let this evil stay in my guild, I must find out the truth," Ark said as he started to storm off but Lilly had managed to grab him just in time.

"We will all go together as proof that something is going on, that why they are less likely to act with me there," Lilly said with a smile.

"You guys can go but I shall take no part in this," Keke said as he stood up and put his hand against his wound. "I do not wish to cause a war between our two guilds, but I wish you all luck."

After putting the lock back and leaving everything how they had first found it. The group minus Keke decided to head to the Fallen Angel guild together. The Fallen angel Guildhall was located on the east side of the city.

The Fallen angel Guildhall was a large building with two angel wings placed on top. It was the group's symbol and it matched the ring that Lenny had found underground. The building itself was decorated with shiny white and gold all around and was just as flashy as Ark himself.

The group entered the building together and when the other members saw Ark many of them greeted him and Lilly. The room was filled with about 100 members all bearing the mark of the Fallen angel somewhere on their clothing or amour.

"Wow!" Gary said, "Do you think we can have a place like this one-day Ray?"

"Once the funds at Avrion have returned to normal, I plan to set up a guildhall there for our members," Ray replied.

The group continued to follow Ark through the building until he eventually stopped at a counter just at the back.

"Where is Mark?? tell him I wish to have a meeting with him." Ark asked the lady behind the counter.

"Mark is upstairs, as usual, should I inform him of your visit."

"No need, I will go to him myself." Ark went past the counter and to the stairs where two guards were standing by. Ark was let through but when Lilly and the others tried stepping forward, the guards stood in their way.

"Only members of Fallen angel may past through here." The guard said.

"They are with me," Ark replied.

"I'm sorry but rules are rules."

Just then though, a man wearing a white robe with golden lining started to walk down the stairs.

"Ark! I heard you were looking for me. Guards please, allow Ark and his friends to come upstairs."

The upper floor of the Guild hall was mainly used as an organization room. The Guild leader Mark and his assistants usually stayed up here sorting out Guild funds, Guild quests, and all sorts of Admin work. The room was similar to the building designed with many jewels and gems throughout.

The group was taken to a large table where there was a sofa on either side. Mark sat on one side of the table with two guards by his side, while Ark and the others sat on the other side.

"So Ark, what's the rush, do you bring urgent news form the Divine being?" Mark asked.

"No I…" For a second Ark paused, He found it hard to believe that the man in front of him might be connected to the Shadow plague in some way.

But then Lenny was the first one to act and placed the ring in the middle of the table.

"No games, this is yours is it not?" Lenny said.

****

Special thanks to Daoist526283, amasuckerforanimes, Alg_But, DarkShadow_DS, Ekwuruke_Samuel, and Fenrir2040.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204 - Kicked out
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone in the room was sweating slightly as they saw Lenny's actions. They had never seen someone so daring in their life before. Right now, they were in front of the Guild leader of one of the biggest guilds in Kelberg and not only that but they were in his base.

Even Ray would have chosen to be more sly about his actions.

"Well?" Lenny asked.

Mark picked up the ring and started to examine it.

"It is indeed my ring, thank you for bringing it back to me, the ring was stolen from me the other day and I had yet to find it."

Ark let out a sigh of relief while Ray had noticed Lenny's face had only gotten angrier.

"Lies, I have been alive for many years and I know when I have sniffed out a puppet of the Shadow plague."

"And you believe this ring is proof enough?" Mark replied, "Do you really think that the mayor and the other Guilds will turn against me just because you found my ring?"

"You were the only one who knew about where we were going, were you not?" Lenny asked.

"And what about Ark, why isn't he a suspect in all this?"

Ark suddenly felt a little betrayed hearing the guild leader suggest that he might be a traitor.

"Simple, he does not smell of the Shadow plague."

Although everyone believed in Lenny's words, they hoped he had a better answer than this.

Mark started to laugh.

"If you ask me, Ark is your number one suspect, anyway I am sick and tired of you disrespecting me, guards escort them out of here. Oh and Ark, I can no longer have a suspected member of the Shadow plague in my Guild, You are hereby dismissed this instant."

Ark suddenly couldn't move. It felt like his whole world had come crumbling down. The guild he had served for the longest time, the place he had called a family had just banished him over what, he didn't really understand.

To the others though, Mark's strange actions only proved that he was in line with the Shadow plague even more. When asked if the ring belonged to anyone, Ark without hesitation said it belonged to the Fallen angels, and his actions after proved that he truly cared for the guild.

Unless the man was a top-class actor it was hard for them to believe that Ark was behind everything.

The group was then escorted out of the guild and Ark's guild tag was taken away.

"Well, what do we do now?" Gary asked.

"Did you find out any more information on the Demon man?" Lilly asked.

"Actually, I do, I was keeping it to myself but it looks like we are a standstill at the moment." Lenny then pulled out a little Journal of his and opened it up so the others could see. On the page was a little diagram of the Hammer that Ray had been looking for.

"This hammer here is what the man wielded, its name is the Dragon hammer. It is said to be an unstable weapon, causing madness. It says the dragon hammer was lost three hundred years ago before it reappeared in the hands of one of the dragon knights only to be lost again."

When looking at the diagram of the hammer, Gary had spotted something. On the hilt of the hammer when it wasn't attached to a man, was a little symbol. The symbol of wings and an eye in the centre, it was the same symbol the Dark guild used as well as the same symbol that was on Gary's sword he found underground.

The information Ray had just been told had come to a shock to him as well. Ray had an estimate that he had passed away as a dragon a hundred years ago, at the same time that's when the Shadow plague started to appear and a few years later the dragon knights to combat the Shadow plague.

Learning that the Dragon hammer came during a time while he was still alive as a Dragon.

While everyone was busy looking at the diagrams, Lenny interrupted them to add one more thing.

"There is actually something else but I didn't say anything about it because I wasn't sure it would help. I met up with the Demon man on my way here."

"What!" Lilly shouted.

"Calm down, nothing happened, the Demon man simply requested a duel. He said to find the boy with red hair that stopped him last time. How he would like a one on one fight with the boy but when I entered the tavern, I was unable to see him nor find him in the city, so I decided to keep this information to myself this time."

After Lenny had finished speaking, Jack, Gary, Lilly, and Berg couldn't help but slightly turn their head towards Ray. They knew exactly who the Demon man wanted a duel with.

These actions didn't go unnoticed of course and Lenny straight away knew something was up.

"Am I missing something?"

"I guess there is no point hiding it," Ray said as he cancelled the transformation skill on himself.

Slowly the black strands of hair on his head started to turn red and eventually his whole head had gone red apart from a few stray hairs here and there.

"I didn't realize you were a mage?" Lenny said, "And a powerful one at that."

Lenny was quite good at seeing through magic disguises but for some reason, he wasn't able to see through Ray's which surprised him.

"He can't go against the Demon man, he will be killed." Ark said, "That man had even beaten a B class adventurer to death."

"No, maybe we can use it to our advantage," Gary said, "that man clearly thinks he can beat Ray in a one on one fight, perhaps a personal grudge from last time but I think Ray can win."

"And what if he loses the fight?" Lilly said, "We will be down one more person meaning closer doom for us all."

"What if it is a trap?" Berg added.

"I think we should leave this decision to Ray." Jack said, "All of this doesn't matter unless Ray wants to do it."

Ray clenched his fist and answered.

"I'll do it, it's payback time."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205 - Make money
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Ray agreed to the one on one duel with the Demon man, there were a few things the group still needed to do first. Lenny needed to locate the demon man once again and inform him that Ray had accepted the duel. The group decided that it would be best to do the duel on a hunting ground not too far away from the city.

There was no telling how much damage this fight would cause and they didn't want to get the citizens involved. That wasn't the only problem as well. Most likely this duel was just a setup, an ambush to get rid of Ray.

Ray had been getting in the way of the Shadow plague too many times now and it was clear the Shadow plague was aware of Ray's presence.

The date of the duel was set to be in a week's time.

This also gave Lilly enough time to gather a small army of her own. During this time she would do her best to gather as many adventures as she could, by putting up a request in the Guild hall. Her father wouldn't allow her to take the city's guards but there was no harm in giving her coin to hire outside help.

With the duel now a week away, Ray had something important to tell Jack and Gary. They were currently inside their inn room that was being paid for by Lilly.

It was a plain room that didn't have much inside apart from the three beds.

"I have some important news to tell both of you." Ray said, "The duel is a week away and although I am confident in my abilities, I am afraid that the demon man might be too strong for me. I've decided to head back to Avrion to train."

"What!" Gary said, "But it will take three days to get to Avrion and then another three days to get back, you won't even have enough time to do anything."

Ray smiled.

"Don't worry I have an ability to teleport myself there."

At this point, Gary was no longer surprised. Ray could make fire, make ice, steal Ki, give Ki, write up contracts, and had fins on his hands. For all Gary knew Ray was basically a reincarnation of a god.

"Although I will be gone for the week, I have an important task for you two."

Suddenly Gary and Jack were stood up straight as they saw the serious look on Ray's face.

"I need you two, to make money."

"Huh?" Gary replied.

"We cannot continue to live off the charity of others, also we need to improve our ranking as adventurers and guilds. While I'm away, you two head to the Guild hall and complete as many quests as you can."

"Yes, boss!" Jack replied loudly.

"Good, I'm counting on you," Ray said.

Then suddenly, Ray activated his teleportation skill and a glowing blue light surrounded him. Ray's body started to disappear piece by piece until eventually, Ray had completely disappeared.

After watching Ray perform a feat only top tier Mage's did, Gary couldn't help but wonder what Ray was.

"Hey Jack, have you ever thought about who Ray is?"

"What do you mean, Ray is Ray."

"No, I mean… you know what forget about it. You're right. Ray is Ray."

Sometimes leaving it as simple as that was the better thing to do Gary thought.

Gary then started to search the room just in case Ray was still there, after looking around for a little while, it seemed like Ray had truly disappeared. Then Gary went up to the bed where he was sleeping for the night.

He knelt down and went to grab something from underneath his bed where Gary kept his belongings.

He pulled out a fairly large bag which also had a long item attached to it with a white cloth wrapped around. Gary placed the bag on the floor and lifted the clothed item onto his bed.

"Well, he wanted us to get money quick right?" Gary said as he started to unwrap the item.

When all the cloth had been taken off, finally the object could be seen. It was a single-handed black blade and, on the hilt, it had the symbol of wings with an eye in the centre.

"Didn't Ray lock that sword away?" Jack said.

"Yes, but I managed to see where Slyvia had put it and took it onto our journey with us."

"If Ray were to find out..." Jack said.

"Does it matter, this sword had saved our lives and we may need it again, maybe you don't understand Jack because you have something and I don't."

"What do you mean?" Jack said slightly confused.

"You're a Werewolf, your special, your strong, and Ray… I don't even need to get started on all the things he can do. My swordsmanship may have been special at the academy but compared to you two I'm nothing. I need my weapons and this is what will take me to the top."

Jack was concerned for Gary. The last time Gary had used the blade it seemed like he was slowly going mad. He had even said the sword had told him to kill his friends around him, now that Jack thought about it a bit more, it reminded him of what Lenny had said about the dragon hammer.

Could the two weapons be linked somehow?

"I know you're worried for me Jack." Gary said, "but trust me I can control it, I've been using it little by little each night and I can suppress the whispers it tries to put into my head. As long as I don't use it for a long time I'll be okay."

With that, Gary placed the sword in his left sheath while the White falcon sword was placed in his right. Gary was determined to use the White falcon for most situations and only use the Black sword when needed.

***

Meanwhile back at Avrion, the elders were currently in a meeting of their own. They had just finished discussing protection with the nearby cities and towns and now trade was doing well. It was Slyvia's turn to speak in the hall and she stood up holding papers in her hand.

But as she was about to say her words she noticed, Sir K, Wilfred, and the others staring at her.

"What is something wrong?" Slyvia asked.

Just then she felt a hand placed on her left shoulder.

"I'm back," Ray said.

***

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, and amasuckerforanimes

these really helps continue my author Journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206 - First Quest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After leaving the inn, Jack and Gary decided to do as Ray asked and started to head towards the Guild hall. On the way there, they passed many different stalls that sold all sorts of things including food.

Jack placed his hand on his belly as he heard it growl a few times realizing he was a lot hungrier than he thought.

"Sorry man, we don't have any money, like Ray said we need to start earning coin on our own," Gary said.

They continued to walk past all the market stalls until they had eventually reached the Guild hall.

"I guess we head to notice board," Gary said unsure of what to do.

Neither Jack or Gary had been an adventurer before and it was their first time taking a quest. The two of them walked up to the notice board and noticed that all the Quests had been split up into different categories depending on their rank.

That's when Gary spotted a quest that was requested by Lilly in the D section.

A duel shall take place in the midlands hunting grounds. Your job will be to escort and protect a party.

The request placed made it sound like a simple task to attract as many people as possible, there was also a generous reward for the quest. Lilly had placed the quest for the duel that was to take place a week later between Ray and the Demon man.

Just then a young man noticed Ray looking at the quest.

"I think that quest is a bit out of your league," the young man said.

The man looked to be twenty at most, he had short brown spikey hair and was wearing a bandana on his head.

"The names Mike," Mike said as held out his hand.

"Gary," Gary replied shaking his hand back.

"Just to warn you, even if you could take that quest not many people are going for It, rumours are going around that it has something to do with the shadow plague. The quest Rank should be higher for something like that so not many people are interested."

Gary thought as much, most likely these rumours were being spread by members of Fallen angle themselves.

"I and my friend here are kind of new, do you know what quests we're allowed to do?"

Mike looked carefully at Gary's tag and noticed it said F.

"Yikes, you're really only allowed to do Quests that are in your rank, But most of the F class quests are just gathering items or helping out around the city. You won't get much F class quest slaying beasts around here."

Gary hated the idea of helping people out with moving their furniture or going to collect herbs. He had trained hard every day to become a knight and fight, not to do chore work.

"I can see you're a bit upset by that." Mike said, "Your weapons look decent, are you two good fighters?"

Gary looked at Jack before answering.

"Yeah, we can hold our own."

"That's great!" Mike said excitedly, "Our group has been looking to complete a D class party quest but we only have 4 members, with you two it would be great."

"Will we be able to get a reward and points?" Gary asked

"Yeah of course, as long as there are D rank adventures in your party, you can take the quest and the reward will be split equally."

"Then I look forward to working with you."

Mike then left to go inform the other members of his team while Jack and Gary waited out front. The Quest was to deal with a bunch of pigmen who had been disturbing a nearby mine west of the city.

Truthfully, Gary, and Jack felt like they could have done it themselves.

But according to the guild's rules even if they had completed the quest, they wouldn't have been able to get the reward money or the points to rank up if they did that. So they were lucky that someone like Mike had come along and was happy to hire a random bunch of F Ranks.

Gary thought it was a shame that Ark had decided to not Join the Red wings. After being kicked out from the Fallen angles and nowhere to go, Ray had made an offer to Ark.

In the end, Ark said he needed more time to think about it, but would still join the group in a week. After the duel, he would give Ray his answer.

If Ark was to join the team, then that would mean they would have a C class adventurer in their guild allowing them to take C class quests. Then Gary and Jack would be able to take higher quests and earn more money getting their ranks up quicker but for now, they would just have to do it slowly.

After waiting out front for a while, Mike had eventually arrived with two females and a man standing behind him, each of them wielding a bow and arrow. Mike was the only person who held a shield and sword.

"Was this the best you could get Mike?" a short female said looking at the two of them and their tags.

"Now, relax, there aren't too many people left in the city that isn't part of Fallen angel and Boro Boro. Besides we need more Melee types, I can't be the only one out there on the front lines."

The girl pouted and looked away while Mike laughed nervously.

"Sorry about that."

"Don't worry about it, it's understandable after all were F Ranks." Gary replied.

Although Mike's friends thought Gary and Jack were a waste of space, Mike thought differently. The white sword Gary held around his waist was at least at the advanced tier and although he wasn't sure about Jack's equipment, to be able to wield a sword as large as his own body he had to have incredible strength or at least know how to use Ki.

"Well then, Let's get going, shall we?" Mike said with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207 - Little Piggy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside the west gate of Kelberg city, was a forest that led up a large hill to the outside mining areas. Mike and the group were currently walking through the woods and were just starting to scale the steeper areas.

Mike stood in front taking the lead in case of any unexpected beasts in the forest, while the three archers remained in the back. Although the group stayed close together for the moment as there wasn't a high chance of an encounter.

"Remember, even though the quest reward is split evenly, the beast cores are not." The small female archer said.

While on their journey Gary had learned the name of the little girl who wouldn't stop looking at him and Jack. The girl's name was Eve. She was a small archer who wouldn't shut up and for some reason seemed to have it out for the two of them, Gary especially.

"I know, I know, you've told me five times already," Gary complained.

"Look, I just don't want you complaining when we do all the work and you guys just stood there."

"Guys take it easy, save your energy for the hill and the fighting," Mike said.

It was a steep hill that was difficult to walk through and the mines were located near the top. After walking and navigating through the forest for an hour or so, Mike decided it was best for the group to take a break.

"Oww, my feet hurt so much!" Eve complained.

"It's only a little further up, it's best if we rest for a little bit before we start fighting," Mike said.

As Mike looked around, he noticed that his teammates were tired but Jack and Gary had barely cracked a sweat. Not only that but Gary, in particular, seemed to have lighter footsteps then the rest of them, all most as if his footsteps couldn't be heard at all.

*Growl

A loud noise was heard coming from Jack's stomach.

"Here take this," Eve said as she handed Jack a chocolate bar she had been saving for herself.

"I know it's not much but someone like you needs to keep their energy." She said as she scurried off away with a red face.

"No it can't be, do you think she's into you?" Gary said, but when Gary went to look at Jack, Jack had already eaten the whole cholate bar and completely ignored Gary.

"Hey, you didn't leave any for me you selfish dog!" Gary shouted.

"Who are you calling a dog, Blonde boy," Jack replied.

"Oh, great comeback!"

The two continued to argue and the others couldn't believe how much energy the two of them had. After resting up for half an hour, Mike went around and handed the group each a glass bottle.

"What is this?" Gary asked.

"Oh it's a buff potion, It will improve your focus making it easier for you to fight and less scared if it's your first time," Mike said.

Gary immediately handed the potion back to Mike.

"Oh don't worry, I'm not expecting you to pay for it," Mike said.

"No, it's not that, we don't really need them, we've never really used them in a fight and besides we have bad experiences with potions." Gary explained.

Bad memories started to surface in Jack and Gary's mind of all the students at Avrion who had drunk the purple liquid at that time and had all become mindless zombies. Although they never had a thing for potions before, that event had completely put them off the idea.

After walking a little further up, they had finally reached their destination. The group hid behind some bushes and trees just far enough away so they wouldn't be noticed. Eve was their main scouter and was currently assessing the situation.

Upfront was a cave with several abandoned mine carts and in front of the cave were five pig men standing guard. They looked exactly like humans apart from the big head and their larger fat bodies. Each pig men wore basic armour and held a spear in their hand.

"There's only five meaning we should be able to take one out each, you two can take out one of them together," Eve said while looking towards Gary.

"After we take out the ones in the front there should be more inside, we need to take them out quickly so they don't alert their friends," Eve said as she readied her bow and arrow.

The arches then each got into position, while Mike, Gary, and Jack slowly started to move closer to the pig men.

"You can leave this one to me, Jack, stealth is more my type of thing anyway."

"Yeah, yeah whatever," Jack replied still a little bit upset about the confrontation they had earlier.

The pig men were an intermediate tier beast, which meant Mike, Eve, and the others who were at D rank should be able to deal with them as long as they were able to strike first.

Mike, Gary, and Jack waited in the bushes for Eve's command. She held one hand up and then at the right moment, she pulled her hand down signalling them to go forward.

The next second, Mike had run out form the bushes but Gary and Jack were nowhere to be seen. Now all five pig men's attention were on Mike running towards them.

"Dammit! I knew I couldn't rely on a bunch of F Ranks, Fire!" Eve shouted, as three arrows came shooting out from the other side.

Each arrow managed to hit the pig men straight through the head causing a fatal blow. Mike shield then met with the pig man's spear and Mike was pushed back a few steps.

"I didn't get here quick enough," Mike said.

The strength of the pig man was equals to Mike but Mike was hoping he would be able to get an attack in first.

Then when the pig man prepared to use his spear once again suddenly, his head went flying through the air.

"Wow, this sword is really good," Gary said as he looked at his white Falcon.

"What happened to the other pig man?" Eve asked as she looked around.

Gary pointed to the floor indicating that he had already dealt with it.

"But how, I didn't even see you leave the bush?" While Eve was busy trying to figure out how Gary was able to defeat the pig men so fast, loud footsteps could be heard coming from the cave.

Ten pig men came rushing out from the cave but behind them was a single pig man twice the size of the others wielding a large spear.

"It's a pig man leader," Eve said, "The information on the quest bored was wrong, this is at least a C rank quest now."

"ROARRRR" The pig man leader screamed into the air ready for battle.

****

Upload time change, from now on all chapters of reincarnated into a human will be posted at 8:00Am (GMT+8). This includes extra chapters, this is to give a better reading experience instead of fragmented uploads. Mark this time every day!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208 - What Guild?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the large Pigman leader roared, it seemed like the other Pigmen's eyes lit up in a red colour. Suddenly all their attention was focused on the group in front of them.

"This is bad," Mike said, "The big men leader just buffed up his minions, no way would we be able to take on ten of them never mind a leader on top of that."

While mike and the others started to slowly back away making sure their backs didn't face the enemy, Gary and Jack were unfazed by the beasts.

"Hey, shorty," Gary called out to which eve immediately turned around and could see Jack and Gary standing behind her.

"What!" Eve shouted back.

"Do you know what tier that Pig Man leader is?"

"It's at least an advanced tier." She replied.

Gary then looked at Jack.

"Well do you want to do this?" Gary asked.

Mike and Eve along with the other Archers continued to back away slowly, while the pig men continued to follow them. They knew the instant that they made a run, the Pig men too would start chasing after them.

Eventually, the group had backed up so much they were now behind Gary and Jack.

"What the hell are they doing!" Eve shouted as she saw the two of them stood there facing each other.

"Ready?" Gary asked.

"Ready," Jack replied.

"1,2,3, Shoot!"

At the same time, they each reviled a hand sign, Jack had selected rock, while Gray paper.

"looks like I get the big guy!" Gary said with a smile.

"Did they just play rock paper scissors, are they mad!" Eve complained.

But Mike wasn't so sure, this whole time he thought just maybe these two were special. Through the whole journey, they didn't act like beginners and right now they were completely unfazed with the beasts in front of them.

Rather than waiting for the Pigmen to attack them, Jack and Gary decided to charge towards the Pig men. Gary was slighter faster than Jack and was first to encounter the row of Pigmen. The Pigman closest attacked thrusting his spear forward but just at the right time, Gary managed to kick the spear down and into the ground.

He then stood on top of the spear and carried on moving forward leaping off the Pig man's shoulder to get past the row of pig men and straight to the Pigman leader at the back.

"What amazing skill!" One of the archers said watching in awe.

"Pfft, Show off," Jack mumbled as he reached the row of Pigmen and gave a giant swing with his greatsword, knocking over and dealing with three of the Pigmen in an instant.

But Jack had swung so hard that his body had twisted and it left his back wide open.

"Watch out!" Eve shouted.

The spear was thrusted towards Jack's back, however, when the spear made contact it immediately bent and snapped. The Pigman looked at his spear in confusion and before he knew it, he was knocked away by the giant great sword.

Eve rubbed her eyes to check if she was seeing things, she then pinched her cheek to check if she was dreaming but everything she was seeing was true. She had just seen a human being with no armour manage to break a beast's weapon with his skin.

"Mike, who are these guys, where did you find them?" Eve asked.

"I don't know, they were just standing in front of the bulletin board, they looked like they didn't have a clue what they were doing so I invited them."

Gary repeatedly attacked the Pigman leader with his white falcon but surprisingly the Pigman was fast and agile for his size. The white falcon was light and sharp but it was only an advanced tier weapon. When going up against an advanced tier beast it didn't have any special advantages.

Gary was struggling using single hand swordsman's ship as he had been training using two swords for a while but he was trying his best to not use the black sword. The problem was no matter where Gary would strike, the Pigman leader would be able to block with his spear in time.

"Do you need any help there!" Jack shouted.

Gary turned his head to catch a glimpse of Jack and noticed he had already defeated the ten pig men and was waiting on him.

"Stinking mutt, all you do is eat and swing that giant sword of yours, where the skill in that?" Gary mumbled.

Just then the Pigman leader swung his spear down while Gary was slightly distracted. Gary managed to block the attack from above with his white falcon but the attack was strong and Gary was struggling to push back against it.

"You know it would be a lot easier if you just asked for my help?" Jack said.

Then Gary pulled the black sword from his sheath and sliced the spear in half, he Ran up the Pigman's arm stabbed both of his swords into the Pig man's neck. The Pigman swayed for a little bit before his heavy body hit the ground.

"See, didn't need your help after all."

Jack didn't say anything else; he was starting to worry about Gary. If he used the black sword too often, he would only rely on its power more.

Eve, Mike and the others then came running over towards the two of them.

"You guys are amazing, why didn't you say anything before?" Eve asked.

"Were not really the type to show off," Gary said rubbing the back of his head.

"Yeah right," Jack said.

"I have a serious offer that I want you two to consider." Mike said, "I want you two to think about joining our guild. You guys are only F Ranks for now but we can quickly move up together."

"I'm afraid we must apologise," Jack said bowing down to Mike and the others. "You see, we already belong to a guild."

"I should have known." Mike said, "people as great as you two are sure to have been taken up by the bigger guilds."

"What is your guilds name?" eve asked looking up at Jack, her face a little red. Hoping that she would be able to visit him from time to time if it was one of the ones in the city.

"It's called the Red wings." Jack said, "a name that will soon be spread through the land."

****

Special thanks to Ahmed_Ahmed_4609, Fenrir2040, Daoist526283, Username1, evenkeeledbookworm, RPG_KID, amasuckerforanimes, Ekwuruke_Samuel and Josie_Goodnight for the gifts they really help. Remember all chapters will be updates at 8:00 Am (GMT+8) at the same time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209 - A diffrent race
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back at Avrion city, the elder meeting was finished early due to the sudden appearance of Ray. As the other elders saw him, they immediately bowed down to Ray.

It was something he couldn't get used to but thanks to Jack it had become a regular thing for members of the Red wings to do now. Ray never wanted to be in charge of everything, he just wanted to be free, so he preferred the elders actually be in charge of Avrion, while he just sat on the top.

Slyvia and Ray were currently on their own in her own personal sweet. Now that she was an official elder, she had her room decorated just how she liked it. Ray found the room surprisingly girly, there were many flowers scattered about everywhere and everything had a tint of pink to it.

It wasn't what Ray had suspected after knowing Slyvia over the years. She always had strong pieces of armour on her body and wore the colours of her family.

Slyvia could see Ray looking around the room and felt slightly embarrassed. She wanted to steer Ray's attention to her as quick as possible.

"Why didn't you tell me you were coming back to Avrion?" Slyvia asked, "No wait and since when could you teleport?"

"It was a new skill I picked up on the way." Ray replied, "I'm afraid my time is short at the moment, I would love to catch you up on everything but I have pressing matters. Did you manage to get any more information on the Special request I made?"

Slyvia went to take a sip of her coffee then placed it down on the table before replying.

"Yes, very good news actually. We happened to find a Dwarf of all people that should be able to fit your request."

"A Dwarf?" Ray asked slightly confused.

"Yes!" Slyvia said with a smile, "In fact, I think he may be the only one on this whole continent."

Dwarfs were a race different from humans. They were small in size but known for their sheer strength and legendary blacksmith skills but in the continent Ray and the others were currently on, the continent called Bronzeland, there wasn't a single dwarf settlement.

The dwarfs belonged to a completely different continent miles away from the dangers of Humans and the Shadow plague. It was rumoured that on their continent dwarves actually worked with beasts to power their cities and fight off dangers.

Before Ray had left, he had tasked Slyvia with a special task. When Noir had evolved it stated that she was now able to wear Beast armour similar to what humans wore. The only problem was there wasn't a single blacksmith who knew how to create one fit for a beast.

When armour was created using a beast crystal, there was something special about it. Armour was made by melting down the beast crystal and infusing it with the metal itself. Then when the beast armour or weapon would make contact with the human skin, something about it would activate its special properties.

No one quite knew why but through the process of trial and error eventually humans found a way. They also quickly learnt that certain crystals were better at creating different types of weapons and armour.

Although a blacksmith was able to create armour with a shape that would fit Noir. It didn't seem to activate in the same way. The armour was nothing special like other beast armour and was just a hunk of metal on a large wolf.

The armour was heavy and was only as strong as armour made from any other metal.

Ray himself had never seen a Dwarf, even as his time as a dragon. He spent nearly all his time on Bronzeland. Through tales and stories of others who had travelled the continents, he hadn't heard of them talking about dragons.

It seemed like the race of the Dragons had originated on Bronzeland and had never gone outside to other continents. Of course, Ray had debated flying over to the other lands to see but by then he was too consumed with rage and had set his target on the humans themselves.

"How were you able to find this Dwarf?" Ray asked.

"Well, actually he came to us." Slyvia said, "We sent out a request saying we were looking for someone who had any knowledge on this subject. That's when one day the little man came to us."

Although Ray was struggling to find an advanced tier beast for himself to beat and obtain crystals, that didn't mean he couldn't increase his power in other ways. His first step would be to improve Noir and then with the remainder of the days go out to the hunting grounds.

"Where is this dwarf?"

"Actually, he's right here in this academy," Slyvia said.

Sylvia and Ray then started to walk through the academy halls together and started to head to the canteen.

"At this time of the day the man usually is here," Sylvia said. "He's been here for a few days now and in return for giving him free accommodation and food, he has agreed to make the beast equipment for free, as long as we will be providing all the materials of course."

When the two entered the canteen. They could see a bunch of knights at a long table happily drinking and chanting a song away and on top of the table was a little muscular man with a grey beard and monocle on his right eye, busy stuffing his face away with food.

As soon as the doors to the canteen opened and the knights saw who entered, they stopped singing, put their drinks down and bowed down to Ray. All except for the dwarf as course.

"We welcome the boss of the Red wings." The knights said.

"You're saying this boy here is the leader of this entire city?" The dwarf said as he took another bite of the chicken leg he held in his hand. "This boy could barely hold a sword, never mind run an entire city."

The knights and Slyvia were slightly nervous. None of them knew how Ray would react, Ray was a bit bipolar at times.

The knights gulped anticipating what Ray would do next.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210 - A Little mans request
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While everyone remained silent in the room, all that could be heard was the sound of the dwarf eating his food away.

Suddenly, Ray started to laugh.

"Yes, you are right," Ray said, "how could you expect to do business with a boy."

Then Ray's hair started to go from Red to Black. His height and body proportions started to match that of an a.d.u.l.t until he had finally transformed into the man known as Nes.

"Is this more to your liking?" Ray asked.

Suddenly the dwarf stopped eating and stared at Ray in admiration.

"A mage and not just any mage a powerful one at that." The dwarf said. "I'm sorry about my rudeness before, come sit, enjoy some food with me."

Ray did as asked and sat down at the table with the dwarf. He cancelled his transformation and returned to being the 17-year-old red-haired boy Ray.

"Lad, I cannot get used to that, I've never seen anything like that in my life." The dwarf said.

The two of them continued to eat and chat away getting to know each other a little more. To Slyvia's surprise, it looked like the two of them got along well. It was a first for Slyvia as every new interaction with Ray usually went bad and Ray didn't open himself up to people like this when he first met them.

But unknown to Sylvia, this was all because Ray was talking to a dwarf. It wasn't a human, he bore no ill will or grudges against the dwarves and right now this one, in particular, was even agreeing to help him.

After talking for a little while Ray found out that the dwarves name was Randin. A long time ago he was out hunting a beast in the sea when their ship got wrecked and he ended up drifting all the way to Bronzeland.

He wasn't sure if the others had survived but so far he hadn't met another dwarf in Bronzeland. When he heard about the request, he got excited thinking that maybe a dwarf warrior had drifted onto the land as well.

As the humans didn't even know there was a way to put beast equipment on beasts. Although Randin was saddened when he first met Ray, his mood was quickly lifted when he noticed the two of them had more things in common than he first thought.

Randin was at the old age of 223 but his body didn't look it at all. As long as a dwarf kept in good health, they could live up to 500 years of age, so Randin was young for a dwarf. For some reason though when Randin talked to Ray, it didn't feel like he was talking to someone only 17 years of age but someone much wiser and older.

Although there were times when Ray would say something that made him sound his age. A random thought popped into Randin's head, it felt like he was talking to two entirely different people at times.

"I suppose we should start getting down to business then," Randin said. "Take me to the beautiful beast and I will see what I can do. "

Slyvia, Ray and Randin then headed outside to the training centre. At the moment there were many students doing their daily training routine. As soon as Ray appeared on the filed. They stopped what they were doing to acknowledge Ray by bowing down to him and calling him boss.

"It's a bit strange that you make your men do that," Randin said.

Ray started to shake his head in embarrassment.

"Unfortunately, this was all set up by one of my men without my knowledge," Ray replied.

Randin then started to look around the training field but then felt a little strange when he saw no beast.

"I see no beast here, why have you brought me here?"

"We needed to be outside for this," Ray said as he activated his summon skill by placing his hand on the ground.

Suddenly, a large glowing circle appeared on the ground and slowly a beast started to emerge as if it was coming from another dimension.

A large black-furred wolf had appeared the size of a small house.

Randin was so lost for words that when his loosely fit monocle fell off his face, he did nothing to place it back.

"She's beautiful!" Randin said, "But how, is it another type of magic?"

"I guess you can call it that."

Randin then started to examine Noir. He slowly had a look at her legs and then placed his hand on top of her fur.

"Do you mind sitting for me girl," Randin asked, and as he said that, Noir laid down so Randin could get a better look.

Ray was impressed, Noir seemed to be completely relaxed around the dwarf. Something he hadn't expected.

After Randin finished expecting the beast, he came back over to Slyvia and Ray.

"What do you think, will you be able to create something for her?" Ray asked.

"It should be no problem but I'm afraid your beast is more powerful than I first thought." Randin said, "although I do know the method to create beast armour, for her, we will need at least an advanced tier crystal for this task."

Slyvia and Ray then looked at each other. One of Ray's other request was to inform if they had managed to find an advanced tier beast but so far, they had no luck.

"What's the problem?" Randin asked as he saw the look on their faces.

"Our members have been unable to find any advanced tier beasts in the area, its as if they all went away for some reason," Slyvia replied.

"Well you're in luck, on my way here I hired some adventurers to escort me. We travelled through the desert not too far from here and were attacked by a Scorpion killer. They weren't strong enough to beat the beasts but we were able to get away safely."

"That's great news, do you mind telling us where it is, we will be happy to pay you for the information," Slyvia said.

"No need to pay me young lady but I have one request." Randin then walked up and looked at Ray. "I want you to take me with you."

****

Remember to book mark this time. 8:00Am (GMT +8) All updates will be at this time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211 - Scorpian Killer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For miles and miles, all that could be seen was the golden yellow sand. The sun was shining brightly and the air felt dry. Riding on top of Noir was Ray and Randin. In the end, the two of them were the only ones who had journeyed out into the desert to search for the Scorpion killer.

Randin asked several times if Ray was sure he didn't need to bring anyone else. He would describe how ferocious the beast was but Ray insisted that he and Randin would be enough, as long they didn't encounter any higher tier beasts. After much debate, Randin decided to trust Ray and the two of them headed into the desert.

Right now though, Randin was seriously reconsidering if he should have come along at all. Sitting on top of Noir with all his heavy armour and his trusted battle axe on his back, the little dwarf was seriously struggling with the heat. The man was sweating buckets.

Ray had no problem as he was using his ice attribute not only to keep himself cool but also Noir. Of course, Ray was able to use this skill on the dwarf but lately, Randin had been asking too many questions and Ray was getting tired of it.

Before they had set off on their journey, Ray had used his endless Void skill in front of Randin and that was a big mistake. Randin kept asking Ray about how it worked and how it was possible he could do such a thing. Randin also wouldn't stop asking about what happens to Noir when she was put away.

Ray just knew that if he kept showing Randin more skills, then Ray would never hear the end of it and for once the heat was keeping Randin silent.

The desert was tricky to navigate but with a map purchased by one of the merchants and a direction crystal, they were able to navigate through the desert without getting lost. Even if most of it looked the same. The location crystal paired with the map would indicate where they were on the map.

As long as they didn't lose the crystal then they would know where they were.

Suddenly, Randin started to get up as he spotted something.

"Let me see the map boy!" Randin said. "As I thought this is the spot."

Ray looked at where they were but to him it looked like every other part of the desert. Just a load of sand with a few rocks here and there.

Then when Noir took another step, the ground started to shake.

"Put the beast away now!" Randin shouted, "Unless you want her to die, their stingers are poisonous."

Randin and Ray quickly jumped off Noir before de summoning her. The shaking continued and slowly a small sand hill was starting to emerge in front of them. Randin readied his axe and started charging towards the hill, which was unexpected.

When Randin asked to be taken along with Ray, he never thought Randin would be the fighting type, after all his main job was a blacksmith.

The sand had fallen onto the ground to reveal a large red Scorpion with a stinger as large as the body itself.

"This is payback for disturbing my meal the last time!" Randin shouted as he swung his axe down at the beast.

The beasts managed to lift one of its pincers to block the attack but the strike from Randin was strong. It had pierced through the Scorpion's hard skin and was stuck in a few inches deep. While watching Randin, Ray had noticed that Randin hadn't used any Ki in his attack. Meaning his attack was pure strength.

It was impressive to Ray and he was surprised how much strength the little man had. The scorpion then fired its stinger from above down onto Randin, However, Randin managed to pull his axe out of the scorpion's claw and jumped back avoiding the strike.

With the scorpion's tail in front of him, Randin swung as hard as he could hitting the scorpion's stinger, the blow only managed to go halfway through before the scorpion pulled its stinger away.

"What are you standing around for!" Randin shouted, "I thought you were going to help me, are you not meant to be strong?"

Randin continued to struggle to fight the beast one on one, while Ray slowly walked up to the beast. Finally, Ray was now standing side by side with Randin.

The scorpion once again threw its stinger down but this time at the new target, Ray.

"Boy watch out!"

As the stinger came down, Ray reached out his hands and grabbed the head of the stinger with both arms. Leaving the point of the stinger inches away from his face.

"You absolute mad lad!" Randin screamed.

The scorpion tried to move its pincer and as it did Ray gripped on to the pincer tighter eventually ripping it off from the best.

The scorpion could feel that Ray was on a higher level and started to burrow itself into the sand.

"Quick, if he gets into the sand will ever be able to find him," Randin explained.

Ray then placed both hands on the ground and cast "Ice bind."

A trail of ice quickly surrounded the scorpion's legs freezing it in place.

"Ice ball." Ray then continued to fire ice balls while walking over to the scorpion but when Ray got to close the scorpion, it used its two claws to try crush, Ray from both sides. This time, Ray used the ki in his legs to propel himself forward to avoid being crushed by the claws and dug his fist right into the scorpion's head.

"Looks like you can do something after all," Randin said.

Luckily for Ray, this time the system didn't take the beast Crystal. Even though Ray needed Advanced tier beast crystals to evolve himself. One crystal wouldn't make much of a difference. Creating armour for Noir would boost his parties' power more than feeding it to himself.

Randin quickly ran over to the fallen scorpion and new the exact place the beast crystal was located so there wasn't much time taken up looking for the crystal.

"Now let's go make some beast Armour," Randin said with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212 - Dark Guild Secret
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Killing the Scorpion Killer, Ray quickly scouted the area to see if there were any more advanced tier beasts. Unfortunately for him, his luck wasn't so good. The highest tier beasts he could see around him where intermediate class and although he could defeat them and earn some coin, there were more important things to do right now.

Using Noir, Randin and Ray were able to head back to the academy fairly Quickly. Noir had not only gotten bigger after her evolution but also faster. There weren't many improvements in terms of strength and she didn't have any skills or special properties like other beasts but Ray was hoping that the Scorpion killer's beast crystal, would be able to change that.

After riding on Noir for about three hours they had finally made it back to Avrion city. It was night time now but the guards had immediately recognised Noir and lifted the gates open to let her In.

On the whole ride back, Randin couldn't stop staring at the beast crystal they had obtained. Ray thought Randin was an odd man but someone he found hard to dislike. They continued to go through the city until they had finally arrived at Avrion academy.

Slyvia was waiting out front with a black knight as a guard. Ray had informed her beforehand that he would be heading back soon and the mission was a success.

"Has everything been prepared?" Ray asked.

"Yes, the blacksmith area has been cleared and all the tools Randin asked for are inside," Slyvia replied.

Then just as Ray was about to de summon Noir, Randin stopped him.

"Wait, boy, before we head inside, there is something I need from her."

Randin then walked up to Noir and pulled out a small blade.

"I mean you no harm but I need a little of your blood," Randin said as he took the blade and placed it against her leg.

Randin looked up at Noir to see if she would allow him to, and as if the two were talking some type of secret code, Randin proceeded to make a small cut on Noirs leg and place the blood inside a leather bag.

"She will not be needed anymore," Randin said.

The three of them headed inside and proceeded to watch Randin do his work. Randin pulled a small microscopic device and started to inspect the beast stone. After a few minutes of looking at the stone, Radin took out a large piece of paper and started to make a design.

Finally, he had finished sketching on the piece of paper and came over towards Slyvia and Ray.

"I don't know if this is what you were hoping for but it's best if the stone is used to make a type of claw," Randin said as he showed Slyvia and Ray the piece of paper.

The piece of paper showed a detailed drawing of Noir, on her legs were metallic objects that went up to the knee but covered her toes and claws.

"The metallic objects will not only protect her best weapon, her speed from being injured but they will also be able to produce the same type of Venom that the scorpion produced," Randin explained.

"It's perfect," Ray said.

"Before I start, are there any special requests?"

Ray thought about it for a while until he came up with an answer.

"Do you mind dying the armour in black and red?" Ray asked.

"Of course."

Randin had explained that the process would take a few days to complete. It was quite complicated compare to human Beast armour. The beast crystal would be melted down. Then Noirs blood would be added.

They would need to wait a few days for the blood to sync with the beast crystal. It was hard to tell with the eye alone when this process would be complete and only someone with experience like Randin would be able to tell.

Once the blood and Beast crystal were synced, only then could liquefied metal be added to the mix. If you added it too early, then the beast crystal would be wasted.

Slyvia and Ray decided to leave Randin to his duties as to not distract him. It was getting late and it was time to rest for the day.

The next Day, Ray had asked to meet up with Sir K and Wilfred. He was hoping to discuss with them a way to find advanced tier beasts easier.

Inside one of the meeting rooms, the three of them sat at a table.

"I never thought the day would come where you would be in charge of us?" Sir K said.

"Please, I am not in charge of you. You guys make your own decision I'm just someone who is overseeing everything." Ray replied.

"Sound like you are some type of god," Wilfred said laughing.

"Do you have any information about my request?" Ray asked.

"I'm afraid it's not good news," Wilfred replied. "The Alure kingdom is not known for its strong beasts but even then, being on the borders of the shadow plague have caused most of the beats to run away."

"What about underneath the academy?"

"Yes, we too thought that would be a good idea, since there have always been dangers that lurk beneath the academy, However when we scouted the area there was not a single beast left alive, all that was left were a pile of bones."

"What do you mean?"

"It seems like the Dark guild had something down there that was too strong for them to handle." Sir K said." From our investigation it looks like it went out of control and killed its own members, then it proceeded to eat everything alive down there."

"Any clues to what tier level it's at?" Ray asked.

"We found the bones of what looked like a Slime snake." Sir K replied.

This meant the beast had to be above the king level, perhaps even more. Ray wasn't sure what the Slime snake itself was Ranked, but did know the Minotaurs were at the king stage but the Slime snake was far more powerful. Meaning it was possible the Slime snakes were at the super tier and if something was able to kill them then it might be even higher.

"Is the beast still underground?"

"That we are not too sure off, we found a new tunnel appear off west to the city that linked to below. We have sealed it up but have no idea if that was the beats or something else."

Ray couldn't help but think just what was the Dark guild hiding underground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213 - Merging Equipment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the next few days, while Randin was busy creating the beast gear for Noir, Ray decided it would be best for him to head out to the nearby hunting grounds. Although the knights hadn't found anything, there was still the chance that they might have missed something.

Ray ventured to each area on a different day, the bug forest, then the swamp and so on. Although Ray didn't discover any advanced tier beasts, while Ray had gone to the swamp, he discovered many bones of dead beasts that had been left there. The swamp was also filled with a lot fewer beasts than before.

"Is this caused by the same beast that was below Avrion I wonder?" Although there was no way to prove it, it had shown the same signs. Nearly every little bit of flesh was eaten clean of the beast, only leaving behind the bones.

It seemed like maybe after the beast had eaten all the creatures below, it started to get hungry and decided to escape.

After no luck with finding any more advanced tier beasts or anything higher, Ray decided to head back to Avrion. It wasn't all bad news though as Randin had announced that the beast gear for Noir had finally finished being made.

When Ray had arrived at the blacksmith area, he was surprised by what he could see. Randin handed Ray over one of the claws he had made. The design looked just like his drawing and also had the black and red colour design he asked for. In fact, Randin even managed to put on the Red wings symbol on the side of the claw.

But there was just one thing.

"isn't this too small?" Ray asked lifting one of the metallic claws.

Randin started to laugh.

"Just you wait and see, this is special."

The two of them headed to the outside training area and Ray proceeded to summon out Noir. Randin carried out all four of the claws bunched up between his arms and walked over towards her.

"What is the little man thinking?" Ray thought.

Randin then put one of the claws up to Noir's legs and the metallic claw started to glow. It then left his hand and started to form around Noir's leg. Randin did this for each leg until all four legs had been covered.

"I bet you've never seen that before," Randin said with a smug smile on his face.

"Is there a reason for this?" Ray asked.

"It's quite simple actually and can even be done with human beast gear but for some reason, it looks like the humans have yet to discover this." Randin explained. "It requires one to mix in their own blood with the beast crystal before creating the equipment. Then when the user touches the specially designed equipment, it becomes a part of his own body and they can bring the equipment out and take it back in whenever they want to. The only downside to this is, once this process has been completed, only the users whose blood has been mixed In can be used."

This was useful information for Ray and his party members, it would help them out significantly for fights in the future. There was no need for his army to lug around heavy suits of armour and there was also the element of surprise.

The level of equipment they had wouldn't be shown until they needed to engage in combat, information like this was able to make a kingdom several times stronger, yet a little man like this had just told him this like it was no big deal.

It was clear that Randin had a vast amount of knowledge that Ray would welcome into his team.

"Well now that my job is done here, I guess it's time for me to continue on," Randin said as he walked off.

"Wait!" Ray called out, "I want you to become part of the Redwings."

Although Ray couldn't see it for Randin back was facing Ray but Randin had a smile on his face.

"Oh, and why would I want to do that?" Randin asked.

"In return for being the Red wings blacksmith, I will grant you any wish you desire. Do you want to go back to your continent or find your men?" Ray said, "I will be happy to help you on your search."

Randin stood there still as if he was taking a moment to think things over but the truth was Randin had already made up his mind. He had asked to travel with Ray that day because he could see how impressive Avrion was. The only thing he wanted to know was what their leader was like.

After meeting Ray and seeing him out in the desert, he thought he could trust this man to be his leader. Dwarfs had a tendency to only work for those who were stronger than themselves and Ray had proved that to him.

"It's a deal then," Randin said as he walked over and shook Ray's hand.

Randin was now a part of the Red wings so Ray decided to offer Randin a contract. Ray explained that Randin was able to decline this contract if he wanted to and still work as a blacksmith here but Randin was happy to sign the contract away.

Before leaving the city and teleporting back to Kelberg city, Ray went to visit his favourite spot. The roof of the dorms. Looking over the edge Ray could see construction being done everywhere in the city.

The city was developing fast now it opened its doors up to the other cities and towns, even a Kingdom run guildhall was being built so adventurers could come and go completing quests but with that came to its risk of people infiltrating the City but Ray would leave all those details to Slyvia and the others.

Ray himself had other important matters to deal with. It was time for him to get ready for his duel with the Demon man.

****

Special thanks to Oluwasegun_Rapheal_9042, DarkShadow_DS, Ekwuruke_Samuel, Ian_Spangler, RPG_KID, Tinyisa_noob, evenkeeledbookworm, Fenrir2040, Josie_Goodnight, and Ahmed_Ahmed_4609 for the gifts. They really help support the Author on their author journey you are the best.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214 - Not just anyone
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the past week, while Ray was busy in Avrion, Gary and Jack continued to do quests with the new group they had found. It turns out that Mike was the leader of the guild named Little pond and they had a total of 5 members in their guild.

Eve, the short little archer was second in charge. While Gary and Jack remained as F Ranks it was impossible for them to complete Quests at the higher level, so they decided to keep helping out the Little pond guild.

After completing quest after quest, finally, Gary and Jack were able to Rank up their tags. Their tags were now a dark purple colour and had the letter D written on it. However, even though some of the quests they completed were Guild quests, they did not receive any points for the Red wings guild.

This was because the majority of the members in their party was part of a different guild and all the points went to them. Meaning the Red wings remained as an F class guild.

They had also managed to earn a fair bit of Coin. They no longer slept at the cheapest inn's and managed to get food whenever they liked. They were still not rich by any standards but they didn't have to think about buying food or where to sleep.

Finally, the day had arrived where the agreed people were to meet at the North Gate of Kelberg city. From there they would travel onwards to a nearby hunting ground for Ray to complete his duel.

When Gray and Jack had arrived at the gate, they could see Lenny's tall figure in the distance. He wore his simple long robe as usual and wore no armour. The man looked more like a mage rather than a former knight.

"Where is Ray?" Lenny asked.

"He told us to message him once everyone has gathered and he will appear," Gary replied.

"Appear?"

"You will find out in a moment."

They continued to wait and the next person that arrived springily was Ark. Gary and Jack thought there was a good chance that Ark wasn't going to come in the first place. However, Ark looked like a completely different person from before, he no longer wore his bright shiny armour. Now he wore simple shirt and trousers and all he had by his waist was a single rapier sword.

"You look different," Gary said.

"Welcome to the club." Lenny cheered.

"I've decided to leave everything behind that reminds me of Fallen angel, every time I looked at that gear it made me feel sick," Ark said.

And finally, the last person to arrive was Lilly with Berg by her side. As she walked out of the gate she had a determined look on her face. It was of someone who carried a lot of weight on their shoulders, a whole city in fact.

"Did you manage to hire anyone?" Lenny asked, "Although we are all strong, we can do nothing if an Army is to attack us."

"Unfortunately, it seems like Fallen angel has spread rumours to the other guilds and adventures," Lilly replied. "Even with me paying double the price for a job like this, I only found one guild that managed to help us.

"And they are?" Gary asked

"They are coming right now."

A few moments after, the whole of the Little pond Guild had come walking out.

"You!" Eve said as she pointed at Gary. "What are you doing here?"

"I was going to ask you the same thing."

"You guys already know each other. That's great" Lilly said smiling.

Despite the dangers of the quest, the Little pond guild had decided to accept because their guild was formed mainly of Archers. Their roles weren't on the front line. If anything was to happen they were confident in their escape.

As Eve looked at the party in front of her one by one, she couldn't help but notice they were surrounded by incredible people.

"Hey, did you see who's here," Lilly whispered to Mike. "That's Ark the famous adventurer from Fallen angel and I didn't realise the Mayor's daughter was involved in this, no wonder the payment was so high."

"Yes." Mike said, "It seems this quest might be more important than we first thought, even those two extremely strong adventures are here and that giant man doesn't seem weak either."

"Do you think it's true then about the Shadow plague being involved?" Eve asked.

But before Mike could answer. Lilly had noticed the two whispering.

"I suppose it's fair that you only know what you have gotten yourselves into." Lilly said, "After hearing what this quest entails you are to make a decision if you wish to continue you or not."

Mike and Eve nodded.

"The quest stated this is an escort mission." Lilly explained. "but it is not simple, we are to escort a man to face a duel with a Demon. Although the Duel is meant to take place one on one, we cannot guarantee that will happen. There is a chance of an ambush. So do you still wish to join us?"

Demons were well known between common folk but only as a myth, not many had seen a man possessed by a God or a Spirit of sorts and Eve and Mike had heard of the rumours of the Demon killing a C Rank adventurer which made them hesitate a little.

But when Eve and Mike looked at Jack and Gary, they felt like with these two they could do anything.

"We accept." Mike said, "I assume one of you will be duelling the demon man?" Mike said as he looked at Jack, Gary and Ark.

"Actually, the person who will be fighting isn't here yet." Gary said, "I completely forgot to message him."

Gary then sent a message to Ray and after waiting for 30 seconds, a magical circle next to Gary appeared. It started to glow bright white and slowly a human figure started to form, until Ray appeared.

"What the, it's just a boy," Eve said, expecting some sought of giant of a man like Lenny or Jack.

"Careful what you say about him." Jack said, "That boy is our Boss."

****

Specail thanks to Mirmirb1, justxforxfun, Username1, DarkShadow_DS, Fenrir2040, and Oluwasegun_Rapheal_9042. Thank you the gifts guys really helps.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215 - Dont Move
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hearing Jack say the words Boss, could only mean one thing. That the person Eve had just called a boy, was their Guild leader. Mike and Eve quickly noticed that just like Jack and Gary, Ray also had an F Rank tag.

While Eve and Mike where busy thinking about just who Ray was, Lilly and Lenny were speechless at what they had just seen. Ray had appeared out of thin air. It wasn't a skill like the shadow steps the black sash knights used, it was clearly a magical spell.

The reasons why Lenny and Lilly were the most shocked about this was because they both knew a lot about magic. Even Lenny with his countless forbidden and lost arts, couldn't use teleportation magic. It was a skill that only the very top mages could use.

The more Lenny was learning about the strange boy with red hair, the more interested he was in his background. The boy looked to be 20 at most yet he had skills that took years to learn. Perhaps he was using a spell to make him look younger Lenny thought.

If that was the case then Lenny would want to learn his secret even more. Even Lenny could at most look 40 while being over the age of a hundred.

Before the group set off, Lilly had provided each person with a horse of their own. The hunting ground chosen was quite far away from the city. This was done on purpose just in case anything was to happen.

The group headed off into the forest that would eventually lead them to an old abandoned town. The town was once vibrant and busy with people but a war between the Allure kingdom and the Bently kingdom had caused the town to go in ruin.

When the Shadow plague arrived and the treaty was signed and the war stopped but the town was never rebuilt. In the end, beasts took over it and created nests in the area making it now one of Kelberg's hunting grounds.

On their way to the hunting ground, they had to past through a forest. The group was following along the trail. Berg took the lead with Lilly, Ark and Lenny slightly behind him. Then there was the little pond guild and their archers and finally Ray, Jack and Gary.

"Everyone stay on alert." Lilly said, "I do not believe the shadow plague will be as honourable as they claim, there is a high chance of ambush."

Eve and the other members of the guild Gulped. They couldn't help but constantly look around them, tense as if waiting for something to pop out at any second.

Duels were actually not that uncommon in times of war. If two armies were of equal strength and the two leaders knew this, instead of sacrificing a load of their soldiers, each kingdom would put up their best fighter. If the war continued after anyway, the team that one the duel would often get a huge morale boost after defeating the enemy's best fighter.

But there were unwritten rules when these duels happened. No one was to get involved in the fight between two warriors. What the demon had suggested is one of these duels but the question on everyone's mind was, would a minion of the Shadow plague be able to keep their word.

"Hey Ray, you can use your eye thing right?" Gary asked. "So can't you tell us if they're hiding or not."

"I'm afraid that it only works for low tier creatures, for example when we were down below, the Slime Snake had managed to hide its presence from me. I'm afraid the stronger the beast is, the harder it is to find them."

Rays word didn't bring Gary any confidence. While walking through the forest he too felt like something was watching them. Gary placed his hand on his trusty black sword. The hilt part had been wrapped around in cloth. This way Ray wouldn't know it was the same black sword that was meant to be kept away at Avrion.

Although Gary knew Ray wasn't stupid, if Gary used the sword once most likely Ray would know straight away what it was and take it off him. Gary would only use it this time if their very lives depended on it.

As the group continued the venture forward eventually, they ran into a thick fog. Each member was only able to see the man in front of them and the footpath below. Then Gary glimpsed something in a grove of pines about 20 meters away.

An unknown that appeared to be a shadow. The shadow itself looked like it had many smaller shadows on itself moving about. The distance was far and Gary couldn't quite make out what it was.

"There's something up ahead!" Ray shouted.

Although Ray's dragon eyes weren't able to spot the creature, his eyesight was a little better than Gary's.

"Get in formation," Lilly shouted.

The group then huddled together and formed a circle making sure they were protected from all sides. Berg made sure that Lilly stayed behind him. He would do his best to protect Lilly at all costs, it was his mission after all.

"What do you see?" Lilly asked.

Ray pointed in the direction of the figure in the fog.

"I don't know, I'm not sure what it is, the fog is too thick."

The group then started to move together slowly towards where Ray pointed. Eventually, the others could see the same shadowy figure but when they got closer, the figure quickly had disappeared.

"It looks like it ran away," Eve said.

"Do you think it was here for us?" Mike asked.

"Most likely," Lenny replied," possibly a scout for the others, even this fog is strangely thick."

The company rode on. Allowing the horses to set the pace. The group started to relax a little as they hadn't experienced any encounters like the one before. Eventually, the forest path started to lead downwards downhill. There was a stretch of a long trail that led to a more open area.

But as they neared the bottom of the path something emerged from the mist and blocked their path. It was a human-shaped figure but resembled nothing of a human itself.

It was a beast that looked like it had been mashed up together with other beasts. Eyes all over its body varying in sizes and shapes. Multiple Limbs from different part of an animal.

??Everyone stop!" Lenny shouted, "Don't move, if anyone moves we will die."

****

Special notice, the next two chapters are Privilege chapters. This has now become a site requirement for new contracted authors. Although I don't want my fans to miss out on the chapters so I have set the Price at 1 coin for two chapters.

If you don't know what Privilege is then please read a special chapter that I will create, Chapter 0 called Privilege chapters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216 - Failed Infected
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whatever the creature was that stood in front of their path, it didn't look like a beast, but it didn't look like a human either.

"What is it?" Lilly asked horrified by the sight of the thing.

"I think, but not entirely sure, it's a failed true infected." Said Lenny, "If I'm right, it rips off its own body parts and hurls it at its enemies. The problem is the blood it produces is deadly."

Ray and the others had encountered a true infected before, it was Ray's father, a person who had completely been taken over by the Shadow plague inside them. A creature wrapped in shadows and nearly impossible to kill.

Common knowledge was if the Shadow plague was unable to turn you, it would kill its host but sometimes there were people who would be in between. Their bodies not able to withstand the changed made inside them and eventually, they turned into this.

Eating any beast they found, causing it to become a part of its own body. The creature didn't look strong for it was small in size but from the tone of Lenny's voice everyone could tell he was very serious.

"No one move," Lenny said, "Only defend, and be ready for it to throw something at you. I will move first."

Lenny then guided his horse towards the beast. Immediately, the beast ripped one of its strange animal limbs and hurled it at Lenny. Lenny then wafted his hand and immense pressure of wind followed causing the limb to be batted away.

The limb landed on the ground still moving as if it was alive. Ark was the closest up front and moved over to the beast right side holding his rapier in his hand. But before Ark could even reach the beast, it tore off another part of its body, this time a face that was placed on its stomach and hurled it at Ark.

Ark prepared his sword and was about to cut the face in half.

"Don't do it!" Lenny shouted.

Ark managed to pull back but the face was still coming towards him. Just before the face could reach Ark, another strong force of wind knocked the mask away only this time it came from Lilly who had her wand held in her hand.

Lenny's face was tense, sweat was dripping from his brow. Then Lenny Dashed forward but this time he was too slow blocking the projectile. One of the beast limbs managed to hit him and landed on Lenny's face.

"Everyone stay still, all of you!" Lenny shouted. He then cast magic which surrounded his hands and pulled the limb from his face turning it into dust. As he stood up the others could see his face covered in his own blood.

"Are you badly hurt?" Lilly asked.

"I'm fine," Lenny replied, "I have special magic that can counteract the poison, but I'm afraid it won't be the same for all of you."

Just as Lenny had said, it seemed like the beast would only attack those that dared to move. But if they didn't move, they could no longer progress forward.?Ray, Gary and Jack were the furthest away from the beast and the others.

There wasn't much they could do to help. While Eve and the Little pond archers remained motionless. Not willing to move a muscle afraid that they could die at any moment.

"Why did we have to take this stupid quest." EVE cried.

Mike himself regretted his greedy decision. It seemed so easy at the time but never In his life did he think he would run into something like this.

Meanwhile, Berg continued to stand in front of Lilly wielding a large axe in his hand. His hands were shaking not from fear but because he was growing tired from holding the heavy weapon in that position but he was unwilling to move determined to protect Lilly.

"Ray, this is silly, can't we do something?" Gary asked.

Of course, Ray had ideas to deal with the beast but was unsure if he could do so without getting blood on him. Ray's fighting style wasn't exactly the best when it came to fighting something like this. If Ray was unable to tear or punch the creature, then all that left him with was magic.

But for some reason as Ray was watching Lenny fight, he realised that Lenny didn't use magic on the creature and they had to be a reason behind it. Surely a man with his magic abilities would at least know a fire spell or two.

"Ray!" Gary shouted and without realising it he had moved his hands. The beast then took off another limb of his and hurled it towards Gary.

The limb came out fast and furious and when it looked like it would hit him, somehow, Gary drew his black blade and knocked away the limb.

A piece of blood splattered across Gary's face but it seemed to have no effect. Gary had an idea of the Black sword's ability, for some reason, it could nullify effects and if this creature's effects were its poisonous blood, as soon as his blade touched it the blood, it was no longer poisonous.

Gary then continued to charge forward at the beast crying out in anger.

"No, wait you fool!" Lenny shouted but Gary ignored him continuing to charge forward.

The creature seeing someone move so much in front of him started to go into a frenzy. It started tear every part of its body and hurled it not only at Gary but the others as well.

Ray started to fire ice ball after ice ball at the projectiles doing his best to protect the Little pond members. Jace was fine using his Magic held fist and Ark was able to dodge most of the attacks with his footwork.

Lilly was able to hit away the first few with her wind magic but it took her time to cast her spells. Eventually, a limb came out to fast for Lilly to block, that was when Berg chucked himself in front of Lilly getting hit by the limb right in the throat.

The limb exploded on impact and blood splattered all over Berg. His body then collapsed on the ground laying still in the mud.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217 - Burden to carry
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary continued to charge forward completely ignoring those behind him. He eventually reached the creature and continued to slash at it with his black sword until the creature eventually fell down to the floor.

It was only then when the creature had died was Gary aware of everything that had happened around him.

Without any hesitation, Berg had jumped in front of Lilly to save her life. It was his duty. As soon as the blood had made contact with Berg's skin, he had died in a matter of seconds, perhaps even before his body had hit the ground.

Lilly stared down at Berg in shock. Berg had been Lilly's guard for as long as she could remember. Even when she stayed at the castle as a kid, Berg had always been there for her. Making sure to protect her from strangers, from bullies, from the outside world and now all of a sudden, he was dead, no more. Lilly wouldn't be able to hear Berg's voice ever again.

Lilly then slowly drew her wand and started walking over to the beast that lied on the ground. She cast a spell and lifted the beast's lifeless body into the air and slammed it into the ground rapidly as she cried in anger.

But no matter what she did she didn't feel any better, she couldn't change the fact that Berg was dead.

"Lenny is there anything you can do?" Lilly asked as she looked at him with her eye's half dead.

Lenny walked over to Berg.

"He is dead, I cannot bring the dead back to life."

Lilly knelt down next to Berg's body and started to groan.

"I'm sorry Lilly..." Gary said.

Lenny came over to Gary and placed his large hand on his shoulder.

"It is not your fault but that of the Shadow plague."

"But I should have listened to you, you were right," Gary said.

"Maybe, but if you hadn't charged forward and slain the creature maybe, even more, would have died and we shall never know."

"But maybe if I did something differently, he wouldn't have died, I could have saved him."

"Don't say those words, Gary," Ray said in a slightly angry voice. "He knew the risks when he joined this mission, we all do. We fight for a reason and people die every day in this world. At least he died protecting someone he cared about. Some don't even get to do that."

"You guys have seen the dangers." Lenny said, "Should we head back?"

"No!" Lilly shouted. "We continue to move forward, this whole trip will not be pointless, if Ray can't defeat the demon man then I will. I swear if it's the last thing I do."

The mood was sombre and in respect for Bergs life, they decided to build a small grave. There wasn't time to take his body back to the city and if they left his body, it would only be eaten by beasts. Jack dug a grave for berg and after placing him underneath.

Ray cut down a large tree and placed it deep into the ground to mark where Berg had been buried. The group prayed for Berg and once they were finished. They continued on their Journey.

The rain started to fall as if to sky knew how they were feeling. During the journey, Gary had remained silent, something that was unusual for him.

He sat hunched on his worse as the death of Berg was a heavy burden for him to carry. He truly believed he had been the cause for it all.

Eve and Mike were struggling with the decision of whether to abandon the quest altogether. Lilly had in fact given that option to them after they had just witnessed the death of someone. She even said she would still pay them.

However, the only thing she couldn't guarantee to them was a safe journey back. If the Little Pond guild was to journey back, they would continue forward meaning no one was there to protect them.?In the end, the fear got the better of them and they decided it was better to stay with the current party then head back on their own.

With Berg gone, the formation had changed slightly with Lenny's suggestion. Lenny, Ray, and Ark would ride at the front. While Lilly would be surrounded by Mike and the archers and finally Gary and Jack would guard the back of the group.

Suddenly, Ray spotted something in the sky with his dragon eyes. It was Purple in colour meaning it was a minion of the shadow plague. The Beast had a long thin head with black wings.

"A Goblin Vulture." Lenny said, "Most likely a spy sent by the Demon man, we must get rid of it."

"Archers it's time for you to act," Lilly commanded.

Each of the archers readied there bow and fired arrows into the air at the creature. The arrows landed well and moments later the Vultures body fell to the ground.

"Hopefully that was the only one," Lenny said.

But then, two more Vultures appeared this time diving straight at Ray and the others. As they came down, they stretched out their claws ready to rip the flesh of its victim. However, the birds were unable to make it even past the first line of defence.

Ray jumped from his horse and punched both of the vulture??s body out of the air and onto the ground. They had died in an instant.

"No, they were far too weak," Lenny said. "The worst is yet to come."

And sure enough, a group of eight furious dogs had come out, all at the intermediate level. All though this time, the group dealt with each one swiftly and with ease.

Ray wondered if the demon man truly wished to fight him in a one on one duel or weather the Shadow plague's plan was just to wear them down.

After riding for a while longer, they had no more encounters and had finally reached the abandoned town. There were crumbled buildings and broken rocks everywhere and, in the centre, a single dried up well.

Not much was left of the town.

"Where are we meant to meet the demon man?" Mike asked.

"All that was stated was to meet in the town, nothing else," Lenny replied.

"Look over there," Eve said pointing at a nearby hill just at the edge of town. A dark figure stood on top.

"I do believe that is our Demon man," Lenny said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218 - The Duel begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group looked off into the distance at the demon man standing on top of the hill. From what Ray and the others had last seen of the man, he still carried a similar appearance. He had scruffy curly hair and wore ragged clothes and trousers.

He looked like he had just escaped from prison and still yet to find a place to settle down.

"That's definitely him!" Lilly shouted, "Let's ride forwards."

With that, Lilly took charge and road off through the town towards the hill. The others followed, the horses kept up the pace and were only a little behind Lilly herself.

The figure on top of the hill stood motionless, but once the group had reached the bottom of the hill and started to ascend, the figure turned and fled.

Lilly continued to charge forward ignoring the chance of an ambush.

"Lilly slow down!" Gary shouted, "Let us go in front."

But Lilly ignored Gary and continued forward. When she finally reached the top of the hill her eyes were gazing down at a site she had never seen before.

The rest of the group arrived and stayed still staring at the site in front of them.

"What is this?" Eve said.

The land on the other side of the hill looked like they were looking at another world. The forest was filled with dead trees. There was no sign of the green grass life and the river that used to flow through was filled with red glowing lava.

"How could this of happened?" Lilly said. "The land, it looks just like the parts where the Shadow plague have already taken over. Why didn't we find out about this sooner when it was right on our doorstep?"

"My guess is it has something to do with Fallen angel," Ark said. "They most likely kept this a secret from the others."

"The Demon man." Gary pointed down by the Lava river.

The Demon man stood there with his hammer held in his hand looking at the group above. Then he started to head deeper into the dead forest.

"Come on we can't let him get away," Lilly said before heading off down the hill.

When the group had reached the Lava river there was no sign of the demon man. All they knew was he had gone deeper into the forest. As soon as they stepped foot into the dead land though, each member could feel a shiver down their spine.

They were now in the Shadow plague's territory and each of them could feel the aura of it from the dead things around them.

The group decided it was best if they followed the river. It was a good landmark to tell where they were so they wouldn't get lost and was also a good source of light. After walking down the river for a while, they spotted a shrine.

The shrine was shaped in an Arch with a pillar on either side, it seemed to be made of very crudely made stones. When looking closer at the shrine it looked like the group was able to see human faces inside. As if human bodies had been infused with the stone.

Standing just below the Arch was the demon man and by his side were two figures completely covered in shadows. They were both True infected men and were just as powerful as the last one Ray and the others had encountered.

"It took you long enough." The demon man said. "Welcome, so Red-haired boy." He grinned at Ray, "Are you ready for our duel?"

Ray nodded and steeped forward not showing an ounce of fear. He was confident in his abilities, even if he couldn't defeat the man he could definitely escape.

"This is to be a fair duel." Lilly said, "Tell your men to stand aside."

"These two do not work for me, they are the protectors of this place for the Shadow plague, maybe you humans who worship a single weak god wouldn't understand but we are our own people. Many real gods dwell in the land of the Shadow plague."

"We didn't come here to listen to you." Lilly said, "Epsiecilly someone who states they are free, yet is a slave to the shadow plague itself."

The demon man started to laugh.

"Yet this so-called lonely slave has already been able to do so much damage to your kingdom, right under your noses. It's only a matter of time until the Shadow plague covers the whole land."

Lenny started to smile.

"What's so funny old man."

"I'm not an old man, but it's funny how confident you sound when all your power comes from a borrowed item," Lenny said. "This boy here has true strength and that is why he will win," Lenny said as he patted Ray on the back.

"Send the true infected away and we shall start the duel," Lilly said.

"As I said they will not interfere." The demon waved his hand at the two of them and they moved slightly back still standing by the side of the shrine.

Eve ordered the archers and herself to cover the true infected just in case there were any signs of movement during the duel, they would then be able to act immediately.

Slowly Ray started to walk forward and the demon man did the same. The two foes now stood only five feet apart from each other.

The demon man then held up his dragon hammer into the sky and it started to glow. The area around them suddenly started to emit heat. Flames from the nearby lava river started to spurt and shake like crazy. The pillars behind the Demon man started to glow red hot.

Then all the flames started to enter into the hammer and at the same time enter the man. Steam could be seen coming off from the man's skin. The temperature in the air had risen by several degrees.

"This is where it ends." The demon man said, "You should have never agreed to this duel."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219 - Demons flames
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The heat emitting from the demon man was so strong, it was affecting the air around him. The others couldn't help but be affected by the heat and stood there sweating. Some of the archers from the Little pound Guild could barely stand.

Although, Ray stood there still unaffected.

"Does the heat not bother him?" Lilly said.

Unknown to the others, Ray was activating his ice attribute around his body, keeping his body temperature cool. The two of them stood there staring at each other as if they were waiting for one of them to make the first move.

"My dragon hammer versus the servant of the Divine being." The demon man said, "I wonder which one is stronger. You may have been blessed with powers by her but it is nothing compared to the powers of a dragon."

The demon man started to lick his lips as he looked at Ray. While Ray continued to cast his ice attribute. It seemed like the Demon man was simply buying time, perhaps waiting for Ray to worn out by the heat.

"Carry on standing there, you will be burned ali…"

Ray then burst with immense power from his legs, kicking up pieces of the ground as he dashed forward. Ray was lighting fast and grabbed the Demon man by the throat lifting him in the air.

"The power of a Dragon you say. Let's see how strong that hammer really is."

Ray continued to grip harder around the demon man's neck. The demon man was struggling and it looked like the duel was going to end in an instant. However, the hammer in the demon man's hand once again started to glow, even brighter this time.

The demon man snarled in rage and the heat around him grew more intense. Ray had no choice but to let go of the demon man and at the same time, a shock wave of heat had pushed Ray back a few feet.

Although Ray was able to block the shockwave it wasn't the same for the others.

"Everyone get behind me!" Lenny shouted.

Lenny started to cast a spell and his hands started to light up and circle orbs had surrounded them. The group had moved behind Lenny as asked. When the Heatwave finally reached Lenny, a large circle magical barrier appeared causing the heat to go around the group.

Seeing this, the demon man smashed his hammer into the ground causing a piece of rock to lift into the air. He then hit the rock again with the hammer flinging the piece of rock at Lenny.

The flying projectile had caught Lenny off guard and he was too slow to react, but Jack had stood in between them and whacked the large rock away with his Greatsword.

"They have broken the duel!" Lilly cried, "Everyone prepare for combat."

The demon man's actions clearly showed that he never intended to fight only Ray.

Now the demon man's eyes were focused on Ray. He charged forward, but Ray placed both hands on the ground and cast his ice bind skill. However, the heat coming of the demon man was so strong that it barely held him for even a second.

As the demon man came close, he swung his hammer at Ray. At the same time, Ray used all his strength to match the hammer, as the two collided it caused shockwaves to ring out but there was a clear winner and that was the hammer.

Ray's arm was swung back by the force and his whole body spun and fell to the ground. The demon man took this opportunity to attack again, lifting the hammer in the air preparing to smash it down on Ray's head.

But then, A black blade flew through the air past Ray and stuck into the demon man's shoulder. It was Gary's Black blade. The demon man howled in pain and started to stagger backward. The flames and heat around the man started to die down as well.

"Is that the special black sword?" Ray thought.

Ray tried to get up as he saw this as his opportunity but he was more injured then he realised, staggering back down and falling to one knee.

Lilly then charged forward with her wand in hand and cast a spell.?The demon man gave a simple swing of the hammer and a strong force hit Lilly, knocking her to the side into a tree. She fell to the ground laying there still.

The demon man then pulled out Gary's sword and threw it off to one side. The archers fired arrows at the demon man. However, now the demon man's flames and heat had come back once more. With a swing of his hammer, a line of flames came out burning the arrows to a crisp.

Ark and Mike were the next two to take their chances at the demon man but with a simple hit to the ground, rocks came flying out everywhere knocking the two back and away from the others.

The demon man once again turned his attention towards Ray, as he started walking forward, Lenny stepped in front of the demon man.

Seeing that Lenny had no weapon, the demon man had no fear. He swung his hammer once again but Lenny had managed to grab the hammer with his bare hands covered in magic.

"How is this possible." The demon man said.

But the demon man's other hand was still free. It took both of Lenny's hands just to hold back the hammer. As the demon man threw a punch towards Lenny, he braced himself for impact but the blow never came.

Now standing by his side holding back the other arm of the demon man was a large white-furred Werewolf.

"nwrghh atehhd" Jack said.

Although no one understood what Jack was saying, one person had long learnt what he wanted to say. Gary had picked up the black sword of the ground and charged at the demons man's back, stabbing it through his stomach.

The flames and the demon man's power started to die down. And now Ray had managed to make a full recovery.

****

Special thank to Andy28, PhantomNite629, Fenrir2040, Seth_Thomas, Mirmirb1,

and Ekwuruke_Samuel for the gifts. They really support me on my author Journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220 - Infected?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The demon had significantly weakened to what he once was before. With the black sword now suppressing his flames. Jack and Lenny were able to hold onto the Demon's hands easier. The demon man tried to struggle about but was unsuccessful, he felt like there was the power of two giants holding him down.

Now Ray had managed to recover just enough from the blow before. He had never been so embarrassed. If it wasn't for the help of the others, he would have been a goner by now. Ray knew it wasn't the time to think about those things though. He needed to deal with the Demon man now.

Ray poured all his strength into his legs to charge off. Then as he leapt through the air towards the demon man, he made sure to switch the Ki from his legs into his hands and lastly Ray started to activate the Ice attribute onto his gauntlets.

If flames powered the man then perhaps the cold weakened him.

"Let go now! Ray shouted.

Gary left the sword in the demon man, while Jack and Lenny let go at just the right moment to allow Ray's fist to hit the man. The demon man was hit, the force was so hard a large crater was created and his body was lifted into the air before it fell back onto the ground again.

The group stayed there watching the demon man for a short while but the demon didn't move a finger.

"Is he dead?" Gary asked.

"No, just unconscious, it's that Dam hammer it's protecting him," Ray said as he could see some sort of energy sustaining the life in the man with his dragon eyes.

"What shall we do?" Gary asked.

Ray was the first to approach the man. He pulled the black blade out of the demon man's body and started to expect it.

"Did you take this from Avrion?" Ray asked.

"I'm sorry, Ray, but I thought it would be useful, that it could save our lives like last time."

Ray wanted to punish Gary in some way for going against his orders especially something as big as this, but what Gary had said was correct. It seemed like the Black sword had played a big part in their victory tonight and Ray found it hard to argue with Gary over that.

Ray then chucked the sword over to Gary.

"Make sure it's wrapped up well and don't use it unless you have to."

"Of course!" Gary said smiling.

The sword didn't seem to effect Gary the same way it did last time but if Ray saw any signs of Gary acting strange even for a second, Ray would take the sword away in a heartbeat.

Lenny then started to walk over to Ray and the demon man. Lenny lifted the demon man's body up and then started to close his eyes and chant something. Suddenly, when Lenny spread his hands apart, a magical rope made of metal chains appeared.

"This is one of the strongest binding spells known in existence," Lenny said, "It will be impossible for him to escape something like this."

Eve and Mike went to check up on the archers to see if they were okay, everyone was fine, apart from a few cut and bruises here and there, that's when they noticed that the two True infected that had been guarding the shrine, were gone.

"Check the area, make sure they aren't close by but stick together, I don't want anybody dying," Eve commanded.

Ark had rushed over to Lilly who was unconscious on the floor. Ark helped her up and awakened her but when she came too, she had this horrible feeling in her head and body.

"Did we win?" Lilly groaned out.

"Yeah, we won," Ark said.

While Ark carried Lilly on his shoulder, he brought her over to the group who had now all gathered in the centre where the demon man laid tied up. The archers had finished scouting the area but there were no signs of the True infected.

In the centre, Lenny started to examine Jack's body. Jack had ended his transformation and Lenny had seen him transform back to a human.

"So you're a werewolf huh," Lenny said, "I thought they had all migrated to another continent long ago, I'm surprised there's still one here on Bronzeland."

"What do you mean?" Jack asked confused.

"Ahh so it seems you do not know of your origins, perhaps some other time young lad, we have more important matters to deal with."

Eve who had also seen Jack turn into a werewolf was even more fascinated by Jack now. In fact, she might have even preferred what Jack looked like as a werewolf. He was a bigger muscular man and had ferocious teeth. An ideal man in her eyes.

"Are you sure this rope of yours is going to hold him," Gary asked.

"Trust me but this rope is unbreakable," Lenny replied.

"Hey, Ray maybe you could use that mana steal thing you do on him?" Gary whispered.

"I'm afraid not." Ray replied, "It seems like for some reason some of my abilities do not work on either beast or humans that have been infected by the shadow plague."

Just then, when Ark had come with Lilly on his shoulder, Ray noticed something.

Ray walked up to Lilly to get a closer look just to be sure and his fears were confirmed.

"How do you feel?" Ray asked.

"My body is a little sore but my head is ringing like crazy, like something is pushing against it," Lilly replied.

After hearing those words Lenny realised why Ray was asking these questions.

"Boy don't tell me…" Lenny said.

"I'm afraid so, now don't be frightened when I tell you this but it seems like you have been infected by the Shadow plague. It must have happened when you were hit by the hammer. It's still weak at the moment but soon it might take over your body."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221 - Will the rope hold?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The company rode on quickly to head back to Kelberg. They rode on horseback refusing to slow down for anything but did the occasional stop now and then for some rest.

The way back was unlike the way there, they encountered no more ambushes and were able to continue travelling forward. The demon man remained unconscious lying on the back of Lenny's horse bound by the magical rope.

Gary continued to question Lenny about whether or not the rope could really hold the man and the rest felt the same way. They had seen the demon man's power and found it hard that a rope exited that was able to hold something that powerful back.

That was when Lenny decided to halt the company so they could discuss what to do next. It was late at night anyway and they needed a place to rest. When they found an open field, they decided to set up camp for the night.

The group were currently all huddled around a campfire with the demon man by Lenny's side where they could keep an eye on him.

"I was thinking." Lilly said, "Why don't we try to remove the hammer from the man's arm, clearly, it is the cause for everything happening to him and now is our chance while the man is unconscious still. Then we can get rid of the hammer forever."

"I am personally against that idea." Lenny said, "It would be best If I was to study the device first. Removing the hammer might kill the man. This hammer managed to infect you with the Shadow meaning it is somehow linked to the Shadow plague. Perhaps if we study it a bit more, we can unlock some secrets behind the shadow plague and cure you of your illness."

After hearing the news from Ray about being infected by the shadow, Lilly had remained silent for most of the trip. Even before everything had happened she had a lot on her mind and she had even lost her best friend. And now she could lose her own life too. But what came out of her mouth next was a surprise to everyone.

"My life means nothing." Said Lilly, "What does it matter when the whole city could be destroyed, worse maybe the whole kingdom. And it seems like the hammer has infused with the man's body there's no way to safely remove it."

Gary then looked at his white Flacon. "We could always just chop it off. The man might lose his arm but he would no longer be controlled by the weapon."

Ray wanted to voice his own opinion as well but he honestly wasn't sure about what to do. Originally, he wanted to study the hammer for himself but he soon realised he wouldn't know the first thing to do with it. It was much better in the hands of someone like Lenny but there were very few who Ray could trust and Lenny wasn't one of them.

"If we were to cut off the hammer, I'm afraid there is a high chance he will die," Lenny said.

"What if he escapes from the rope," Ark asked, still unsure himself if the rope could hold the man. "If the man breaks free and regains his strength, he could still destroy the city, I say we kill him now.??

"How many times do I have to tell you all, the rope will hold. If I hear one of you question my rope once again, I shall tie you up and see if you can break free." Lenny said.

"Well, perhaps we shall leave the decision to our leader then," Eve said looking at Lilly.

Lilly was deep in thought. Of course, she didn't want to die but if it was her or the city she would give her life in a heartbeat just like berg did for her. But what Lenny had said was true, there was a good chance to inspect the Hammer and find a cure for the true infected, thus saving thousands of lives in the process and a turning point in the war.

"Okay, Lenny I shall leave the demon man to you, but only if Ray agrees to it of course. Without him and his party we would have never gotten this far in the first place."

Ray then had to make a decision. In the end, he felt like he had no choice but to rely on Lenny. Not only that but there were a few other things that Ray needed to do before leaving Kelberg anyway. It wasn't like he was in a rush to head to Roland in the first place.

"Then it's settled." Said Lilly, "However, if the demon man starts to wake up, you are to inform us and we are to try put him back to sleep."

Lilly then stood up from the campfire and started to walk off slightly away from the company of the others. Her head was beginning to hurt once more. The Shadow infection was beginning to rage in her mind and she didn't know how much longer she would have a clear view of things.

She didn't even know if the decision she had made right now of letting the demon man live, was the right decision.

When the next day had arrived, the group continued to travel on their journey. There were a few beasts in the forest that had a strange reaction when seeing the demon man. They would snarl and growl at the man but not get close.

It seemed like even the beasts could sense the presence of the shadow plague within him.

The Group was now only a short distance away from Kelberg when they saw an injured horse on the pathway. Next to the injured horse was a guard which displayed the Kelberg flag.

Lilly immediately dismounted from her horse and went up to the man.

"He's still alive," Lilly said. "Please tell us what happened to you?"

"The city." The man groaned, "Kelberg is under siege, they have already taken over the west gate, were under attack from the shadow plague."

"No!" Cried Lilly. "How is this possible, were we tricked?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222 - A messege for the boy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kelberg had a total of four gates that surrounded the city. Each gate had an outpost that was stationed just outside the gate. These outposts were usually heavily guarded just in case of an attack on the city. They also did things such as inspection of equipment and taking the prisoners to the dungeon below.

The knight found on the pathway to Kelberg had told them that currently the West outpost and Gate had been completely taken over and was being controlled by beasts and members of the Shadow plague. But that was all the information he could give before he quickly passed away.

When the group finally exited from the forest, they could see the city in sight. Just outside the west gate, an army had gathered. There were hundreds of soldiers, archers and catapults stood there ready for battle. There were even some adventures mixed in with the City's men.

The group hurried to the West gate where the army had gathered, that's when Lilly approached the man in charge.

"Oh Miss Lilly." The man bowed. "We are happy to see you have returned safely."

The man's name was Cordis and he was one of two generals of the Kelberg army. He wore heavy armour and had a thick moustache.

"What is going on here!" Lilly demanded. "Why is half of Kelberg's army gathered here."

"We have been betrayed," Cordis said. "It was Fallen angel, they were being led by Mark the guild leader and working with the shadow plague. They took out the guards and knights form the inside of the west tower and then let in Beasts and some men inside."

"I knew we should have killed him!" Gary shouted.

"I can't believe it," Ark said, "He really was working for the shadow plague after all."

"Our men aren't strong." Cordis continued, "But the Boro Boro Guild managed to hold them off inside, not allowing them to proceed further into the city. That's when we came out here."

"I warned you all about this, I told you he was a puppet of the shadow plague, that damned Mark." Lenny said.

"But what does Mark want?" Lilly asked, "have they made any demands?"

Cordis then looked at Ray.

"I don't know if this is the same boy but he said he demands to see the boy with Red hair."

"Do they want another duel?" Gary asked.

"No," Cordis replied. "He simply said that he had a message he wanted to give to the boy."

"We can't trust them again," Gary said, "Let's just take the tower back we have us the whole army with us."

Cordis then hesitated before giving an answer and when he did his voice was shaking.

"I'm sorry miss Lilly, if we storm the tower, they have threatened to kill their hostage."

"Who's the hostage?" Lilly asked.

"They have captured the mayor and have him held up in the Tower. Fallen Angel had called a meeting with your father to discuss matters with him, it was only a short while ago that we found out he had gone missing and he was currently held hostage in the tower. That is why we have done nothing so far to attack."

"Well then, of course, Ray will go meet him," Lilly said.

"You do not answer for our boss." Jack said, "we have no connection to this town, the only reason we came here in the first place is to get the hammer from the demon man. Mission succeeded."

Lilly had assumed Ray would be willing to help her in this situation, but what Lilly didn't realise was Ray was not the righteous person she thought he was. He agreed with Jack's words there was no reason for him to risk his life for strangers.

But there was one thing Ray was curious about, he was curious about what the Shadow plague wanted to say to him. When he touched the demon man for the first time an image was shown to him. It was a dragon formed with shadows.

Ray then thought of one way to enter the tower without being harmed. Ray then cast his Doppelganger skill making an identical clone of himself.

"He stays out here, and I will go in alone," Ray said pointing at his clone. "Whatever happens you make sure he stays alive, no matter what!"

Ray decided he would go meet with Mark in the tower to see what he had to say. If it was an ambush or Ray was in too much trouble, then Ray would use his swap skill to swap positions with his close. He would then instantly be outside safe and sound.

After casting the clone skill Ray had a total of a 150 mana points remaining. He wasn't at full strength but still 3 quarters as strong as he usually would be.

As long as he didn't face anything as strong as the demon man, he should be fine. Ray slowly walked up to the tower gate. The gate was heavy and would usually require two large men on the other side who would turn a wheel to lift the gate.

But Ray placed his hand on the bars and simply lifted the gate with his hands and once he was on the other side placed the gate back down again.

As Ray entered the tower he arrived at the hall. It was filled with beasts and men from Fallen angel, each one of the beasts had been infected by the Shadow plague in some way but most of them were only at the intermediate level. Even if they were more powerful thanks to the shadow plague, Ray would still be able to deal with them.

Many of the paintings and tables had been ruined in the hall. As the beasts continued the rampage and devoured whatever food they could find.

Standing by the staircase were two True infected covered in shadows. Ray was unsure whether they were the same ones they had seen at the shrine.

"You shall go up to the fifth floor." The True infected said. "Mark waits for you in his chamber there."

****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, suckerforanimes, Seth_Thomas, and Andy28 for the gifts all of these really help me continue writing stories for you

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223 - Sparing with a clone
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Ray was busy navigating inside the tower. Gary and the others were patiently waiting just outside. Ready to attack at a moments notice. But while they were waiting for Ray, the others couldn't help but stare at what Ray had left behind, a clone of himself.

"Is it an illusion?" Said Lenny, "But what was the point of casting one and leaving it here?"

"It's not an illusion," Gary replied, "We've seen him do something similar before. It can fight and everything, although it's not as strong as the original."

Lenny had heard of other mages performing something similar before but this was the first time he had actually seen this. Still, Lenny was confused about why Ray had left it outside. If he was planning to fool Mark and the Shadow plague, it made more sense to send the clone In and be safe.

"No way can this thing be real?" Eve said as she got closer to the clone.

Then when eve stood in front of it, the clone moved it's head down to look at Eve.

"Ahh, it moved," Eve said as she stepped back.

"Of course it did," Gary said, "Like I said it's not an illusion, it's like a clone of himself."

Ark started to look at the clone closer.

"Did you say this thing can fight?" Ark said.

"Yeah, why?" Gary replied.

Ark then pulled out his rapier and pointed it at the clone.

"I would like to request a duel, I've decided after seeing you all fight that the Red wings are a strong group. I would like to join you guys if the offer is still there but first I want to see where I stand in terms of power."

The clone wasn't able to speak but it seemed to understand Ark's words. The clone then got into a fighting position and signalled Ark to come at him.

The two of them started to spar but the fight didn't last long, after two minutes the clone had managed to throw ark onto the ground and stopped his fist just a few inches away from Ark's face.

The close then opened his fist and offered his hand to lift Ark up.

"Thank you so much for the duel." Ark said, "Your leader is truly powerful and you say this clone is weaker than the boss, do you know by how much?"

"I'm not really sure, to be honest, I don't even know how strong Ray really is. He just keeps getting stronger." Gary replied

"Why don't you fight the clone and find out?" Jack said.

Gary thought long and hard about it. The last time he had fought Ray was at the academy and that was before he had learnt Ray had all these special abilities. If it came down to skill though, Gary was quite confident that he was better then Ray.

The idea of Gary suddenly winning against Ray came into his head. If Gary was able to avoid all of Ray's attacks and attack back then wouldn't he be able to win? It didn't matter if Ray was more powerful.

Gary then drew out his White falcon.

"Alright then," Gary said looking at the clone. "Are ready to go another round???

The clone repeatedly pounded his fist into his hand and smiled.

****

Ray started to head up the stairs and the two True infected started to follow behind him. Ray left his dragon eyes skill constantly activated, just in case the two True infected were planning to attack. However, their aura indicated that they had no intent.

They simply continued to plod along and follow Ray up the stairs. Finally, all three of them had reached the fifth floor. Which was the guard's Chamber. At the end of the hall was a large wooden door and through there, Mark was waiting for him.

Ray pushed the door open and could see Mark sat on a large fancy bed waiting for him. On the table next to him he had a large glass of wine. Once in awhile mark would casually sip form the class of wine as if he owned the place.

When the two True infected entered the room they closed the door behind them. Ray looked for Lilly's father but could see no sign of him.

"Why have you decided to do this?" Ray asked.

"Do what, take over the tower?" Mark replied, "Try to take over Kelberg city? The mayor is a fool who only cares for the coin the merchants bring in and always took us, Fallen angel, for granted. The Boro Boro guild has the same privileges as us but where were they when the city was attacked before. No, It was the Fallen angels that saved this city time and time again and it seems like that fool has forgotten that."

"Fine, let's say you hated the mayor, there are people I dislike in this world as well but why go to the Shadow plague?"

"Why, because I've seen what rules the Shadows and it is far beyond your imagination. You properly think I'm infected by the shadow don't you but I'm not. I chose to serve the shadow of my own free will. We will lose this war because of people like the mayor and I just want to be on the winning side."

"And what do you plan to do now, you have been completely surrounded. You don't have the power to take this city yourself even with the men and beasts you brought. Perhaps you were hoping for the demon man to defeat us but I'm afraid we have already dealt with him."

Mark started to laugh.

"The demon man may work for the Shadow but he does not work with me. Do you recognise this." Mark said as he held up a piece of paper.

It had the symbol of the dark guild on it. A large eyeball with two wings by its side. It was also the same symbol on Gary's Dark sword and the Demon man's Dragon hammer. At first, Ray thought it was just the symbol of the Dark guild.

But it seemed to be a Symbol of greater power. A symbol of something above the shadow plague.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224 - Join us!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gary was lasting longer against the clone compared to Ark but he was struggling a lot more than he originally thought. Before the fight started Gary had placed his Black sword on the ground for fear he might use it by accident.

This match was only meant to be a sparring match, whatever Ray was planning to do with the clone they needed to clone alive.

Gary had planned to use his skill with the sword against the clone's brute force. It worked at first with Gary managing to dodge and lead the clone's attacks to where he wanted. But the clone was also fast managing to defend nearly all of the attacks Gary gave at it.

After fighting for a while, Gary was starting to wear out. With his body getting tired he no longer saw the white lines in his vision which told him where to attack. Looking at the clone it seemed like he hadn't even broken a sweat.

"I give up," Gary said, "If it continues on, I'll just get even more tired."

"Mike do you want to have a go?" Eve asked.

"Haha, and make a fool of myself. If Gary and Ark couldn't beat him what do you think a D class Adventurer like me could do?"

Then everyone's eyes naturally started to lean towards Lenny.

"All though I would usually take the opportunity, I'm afraid my magical attacks would be too powerful and destroy the clone, maybe another time," Lenny said.

That left only one person in the group that stood a chance against the clone and without even having to ask Jack had already stepped forward.

"Sorry boss, but I think this is the only time I'm going to be able to hit you without getting punished," Jack said as he pulled out his great sword.

The clone once again smiled and at the same time, the two of them clashed in the middle. However, the clone was similar to Ray and was arrogant. Although it was able to dodge Jack's sword, it wanted to take it head-on.

It felt like it had its full power even though it was only a quarter of the original. When the sword collided with the clone its fist was shattered and the clone started to disintegrate until it eventually disappeared.

"You idiot!" Garry shouted, "What have you done, you weren't meant to use full force."

"What but he smiled at me, I thought he could handle it?" Jack replied.

"Let's just hope that Ray doesn't get into any trouble in there," Lenny said.

****

Inside the tower, Ray suddenly felt his clone disappear from outside.

"What happened, has there been an attack from outside?" Ray thought "But how, have they managed to defeat the others and the clone."

As Ray thought for the worst suddenly, he received a message from Gary.

"Sorry the idiot Dog, killed your clone. Stay safe. Gary."

Mark continued to show the symbol to Ray.

"You see this, the Dark guild, the shadow plague's legendary items. These are all great powers under his command."

"Look just tell me what do you want for me, I don't care for your boss," Ray said.

"What do I want, I just want this city to be mine and to see that dam mayor be torn apart from the beast below but if you are asking what my master wants, he wants to reason with you. To join our side, he believes that you two possess the same goal so why not work together."

In a weird twisted way, Ray and the shadow plague really did possess the same goal. The shadow plague wanted to rule all of Bronzland while Ray wanted to unite the whole land under the Red wings. Just their approaches were different.

If perhaps Ray had met with the leader of the shadow plague earlier, before he had met the people at Avrion, he would have agreed but the shadow plague had tried hurting those close to him and had even made him kill his own father.

"I will not join you," Ray said in a stern voice.

"Oh but you shall, otherwise that Mayor of that friend of yours will die."

Ray started to slowly walk over to Mark.

"What are you doing, are you trying to intimidate me?" Mark said as he stood up from his bed.

"I am a guild leader, do you think I'm weak like the others. I don't know why the Shadow wants you so desperately but you are just a boy."

"Let me tell you something." Said Ray. "I don't care what happens to the mayor. I don't care what happens to the city. The only ones I care about are those men outside, that are under my command and I guarantee each one of them would be able to defeat you in a blink of an eye."

Suddenly the tower started to shake as if something had hit the outside walls.

"Fire, continue to fire," the commander said as another catapult fired at the tower. The sounds of knights clashing in the halls below could be heard. The True infected immediately ran down to see what was happening and were engaged in combat with Jack and Gary.

Using Ray's dragon eyes, he could tell that the Mayor wasn't kept at the tower but somewhere else. It was simply a bluffing tactic used by Mark to stop the army from attacking outside. That's when Ray had sent a message to Jack and Gary to attack.

Mark was startled and pulled out his long sword. The sword started to glow with a slight blue hue. As Mark swung the sword a strong force of wind had followed but when Mark looked at where he attacked, Ray was nowhere to be seen.

"That's a nice sword you have there," Ray said. "Don't mind if I take it for myself."

Ray held Mark by the head with one hand and punched Mark's body with the other. Marks body went flying into the wall while his head was still held in Ray's other hand.

Mark the Fallen angel Guild leader had died.

"I know you're watching me," Ray said, "This is a warning to you and all your followers, if you get in my way, I will do the same to you."

****

Special thanks to BabyAspirin, Morgan_Wold, DarkShadow_DS, Seth_Thomas , Daoist526283, PhantomNite629, Tontojess21, Ekwuruke_Samuel, and Fenrir2040 for all the gifts. This helps me continue my author Journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225 - Removing the Hammer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The battle inside the tower had finished quickly. With the help of Jack, Gary and the others, they managed to kill most of the beasts and members of Fallen angel with ease. Gary and Jack had managed to encounter the True infected but battling them proved difficult.

Even though they both knew that the shadows covering their bodies was mostly illusions, they found it hard to do any damage. When the True infected saw that they could no longer win the battle. They bolted out of there and could never be found again.

The mayor was found inside the Fallen angel Guildhall, thanks to the help of the Boro Boro Guild. When they got inside though, the mayor had already suffered quite a beating and there were dead members of fallen angle everywhere.

An internal battle had taken place between their own guild and it looked like Mark's party had come out on top. But now with Mark dead and no one left to take charge, the Fallen angel Guild had been completely disbanded.

The demon man was placed in the dungeon and the group was to meet up in tavern once more to plan their next move and decided what to do.

Everyone had gathered in the tavern and once more Lilly had cast her spell so no one could be heard. Her face looked grim and, in more pain, than before. She did well to fight off the Shadow plague but clearly, it was taking a toll on her body.

"You may take this back," Lenny said as he placed a large thin object wrapped in cloth on the table.

"Thank you," Gary replied.

After heading back to the city, Ray had asked Lenny to investigate the Black sword that Gary possessed. To see if he could find any information. As Ray was even more interested in the sword after seeing the hammer had a similar symbol.

"Did you find any information about it?" Ray asked.

"It seems to be made from the same material as the Hammer on the Demon man." Lenny replied, "Although I have determined the sword is safe. Unlike the hammer which was possessed by an evil spirit. The sword did not react when I cast light magic."

"Does this mean I can keep it, Ray?" Gary said.

"As long as Lenny believes there are no problems with it."

"I believe so." Lenny replied, "Although these weapons can be used for evil and by the shadow plague, it seems like the hammer and sword itself aren't evil items on their own."

With the matter of the Black sword discussed, things then moved onto the demon man.

"The demon is currently in the dungeon. He is being heavily drugged with sleeping potions to keep him at bay. "Lenny explained. "I'm afraid it seems like the hammer is very difficult to move. When we tried to extract it, it was pulsating with an incredible amount of energy. One wrong move and it felt like an explosion would take place and kill everyone next to it. It seems like the Hammer has a mind of its own and reacts more to people with great knowledge or magical abilities. A suggest a single person with no magic attempt to remove the hammer.

"I'll want to do it," Lilly said.

"I'm afraid your mind is weak at the moment. And you possess magical abilities, something to Hammer seems to be looking for most."

"Let me do it," Gary said. "If an explosion takes place, I'm sure I can defend myself using the black sword. It's the least risky out of all of us."

"I do believe you are the best candidate as well."

With the matter agreed upon. The group decided to head to the Dungeon were the demon man was being held. The prisoners below had been moved to a temporary holding area for fear if something was to go wrong it would be the death of them all.

Most of the group remained outside while Lenny and Gary entered the dungeon below. No one else went inside. Lenny showed Gary many diagrams of the Demon man's hammer and the best method to get the hammer to be taken off.

Finally, they had reached the back of the room where the demon man was tied to a furnace. Whenever the demon man was away from flames it seemed to significantly weaken him. They didn't want to kill him but just remove the hammer hoping that he would no longer be possessed and they could ask the man a few questions.

Gary placed the drawing down on the floor and held it with his foot so he could look at it for reference whenever he needed to. The demon man was silently asleep and Gary went to work.

The diagram showed where Gary was to cut each part of the demon man's hand with his black sword. It was a if Gary was doing a delicate operation.

There were strands of muscles that twisted around the Hammer's handle. It looked as if a bunch of wires had been wrapped around the hammer.

"You are doing well," Lenny said surprised at what skill Gary possessed.

Sweat started to drip from Gary's brow as his concentration rose. The Diagram Lenny had shown, explained that he had to cut each muscle fibre in a certain direction of place and order.

"It's difficult." Gary said, "Every time I cut part of the man's hand it seems to grow back into the hammer."

"Keep trying and work faster."

Suddenly while Gary was in the middle of cutting off certain parts of the demon man's hand. Gary could see the white light in his vision. It was as if his mind was telling him the right place to cut.

"I think I've got the hang of this."

Then when Gary only had a few more pieces to cut off from the man. The hammer seemed to open itself up and detached itself. It was like a melted liquid that was alive.

"Get out of there!" Lenny shouted.

The Liquid moved at a great speed, too fast for Gary to react with his black sword. In an instant, it attached itself to Gary's arm and started to wrap around it.

"No, what is happening!" Gary cried.

The liquid then solidified around Gary's right arm and took the form of a gauntlet. It had the same design as the hammer on the demon man but now took a different shape.

Gary looked towards Lenny, his face pale and filled with horror. His eyes were full of terror.

"Help me," Gary said.

****

Special thanks to Lucifer_119, Fenrir2040, ramon_sigala, dipforthech.i.p.s, and Seth_Thomas

For the gifts these all really help continue making great work. P.S Two chapter will be released later some time today been very busy sorry for the delay.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226 - Master Knight Monk
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back At Avrion city, another meeting had been called between the elders to discuss a serious problem that they had yet to deal with.

"Has there been any more news on the mysterious beast that's rumoured to be around the City?" Sylvia asked.

Wilfred stood up to give a report.

"There have been no sightings of the beast itself but it has nearly completely emptied the hunting grounds, our knights have found that the nearby bug forest nest has been completely destroyed, meaning there are no longer beasts roaming inside," Wilfred explained.

Sir K then stood up to add to the report.

"The only information we have had is that there has been more sighting of beasts bones in the swamp hunting ground. It seems like if we let it continue soon, the beasts in that area will all disappear as well."

Although some people might take beasts disappearing as good news, this wasn't good news at all. Beast spawned from something called a beast nest. It was a powerful single beast core that was located in the hunting grounds somewhere.

Usually, a beast nest would be surrounded by 1000s of beasts, and were usually located underground or inside a mountain out of sight. It was nearly impossible for a human to be strong enough to locate and destroy one.

But the thing was humans had a use for Beast crystals. They powered nearly everything in today's society. If the beast nests were destroyed that meant they would no longer be able to hunt beasts and obtain their beast cores.

Now that one of the hunting grounds near Avrion had been completely wiped out, this would be a major hit on their finances and only just when things were starting to look up again.

"And what of the hill's near the mountain?" Slyvia asked.

"It seems like the beast has stayed away from there for now." Wilfred said, "Perhaps this is because it is in the Wyvern's territory."

Slyvia breathed a sigh of relief. If the beast knew not to disturb the Wyvern that at least it meant it wasn't as strong as the Wyvern itself.

"We must send a scouting team to the swamps straight away."

"I have already sent our best knights." Sir K said.

Inside of the swamp Monk, Dan, Martha, Bader and Sloth were currently walking through the muddy water.

"Man this place stinks," Dan complained. "Did we really have to be the ones to go to this place?"

"Stop complaining." Said Martha, "The city needs us, besides you've done nothing but laze around while the city was being rebuilt, maybe you can make yourself useful this time."

"Over there," Monk said as he pointed at a pile of bones.

The group quickly moved through the swamp to discover the skeleton of a large snake.

"It's at least of the intermediate level," Monk said as he examined it.

"It's just like the reports, the beast has been eaten clean and has not left anything behind," Badger said.

Sloth gulped.

"Hey, are we really going to fight this thing?" Sloth asked.

"We just need to check out what it is first, we have no clue what it looks like," Monk replied. "Of course if we think we can take it, I don't see why not."

All though Monk was confident the rest of the group was not. In the time that Ray had left, Monk had grown into a true dependable knight. After Sir K was promoted, Monk decided to work harder and eventually got promoted to the position of Master knight.

Monk now trained the new Black sash knights at the academy. At first, the students would laugh at him for his small size but Monk quickly silenced them once he showed his black sash skills. He had improved more than anyone over this time period.

He had wanted to go out on an adventure with Gary, Ray and Jack. After all, they were the original Trio. But in the end, Ray had said it was too dangerous for Monk and those words were what made him train and work harder than ever.

The group continued to travel through the swamp and they started to see more and more bones. They followed the bones assuming they were heading in the right direction. It was hard for them to tell how long ago the beasts died as there was no flesh to indicate. The more time that had passed the more the flesh would rot but there was no way for them to tell.

As they went deeper into the Swamp suddenly a heavy fog had surrounded them.

"Stay close everyone," Monk said, "The beasts have better eyesight than us in the fog, also I Have a strange feeling."

The group proceeded cautiously step by step. But the fog now had completely covered their sight and all they could see was each other.

"I think we should head back," Dan said.

"I actually agree with you for once," Martha said.

"Yes, but there is a problem." Monk explained, "Which way is back."

The fog was so thick they were unable to tell where they had come from. Monk made sure that they didn't travel too far into the fog in case this happened. However, before monk knew it the fog had completely surrounded them.

It was as if the fog was moving and alive.

"I'm sure it was this way," Martha said as she took a step forward.

Suddenly, when Martha placed her foot down at the ground, it startled to crumble away. The ground around her started to disappear and she started to fall. Then something had wrapped around Martha's leg and attempted to pull her further down with it.

"Everyone Run!" Monk shouted.

But while everyone ran away, Monk had dived in towards Martha. He Grabbed onto Martha and saw the tentacle-like figure wrapped around Martha's leg. Monk immediately took out his dagger and used all his Ki to cut down the tongue in one attack.

It had worked and Martha was now free. Monk then Grabbed Martha and lifted her into his arms, he started to jump up on the crumbled rocks, one after the other, as they fell into the endless fog. Until they had eventually reached safe solid land again.

"Thank you Monk," Martha said trying to calm herself down.

"Wow, that was close wasn't it?" Dan said.

But Then Dan noticed something strange about Monk. He was slightly shaking as if he was fighting against something.

"Guy's don't go looking for me, head back to Avrion and warn them all."

"What are you talking about!" Martha shouted now worried why Monk was acting so strange.

Then when Monk could fight against the force no longer. He was pulled in at lightning speed away and into the Foggy pit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227 - Returning a sash
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After watching Monk get pulled into the deep Fog in replace for herself. Martha immediately started to head into the direction where Monk had been pulled. But as she stepped forward again, Dan grabbed her hand and pulled her back.

"No Martha, what are you doing?" Said Dan, "We don't even know what's down there."

"But Monk is, we have to save him!"

"Look all we can do right now is listen to what Monk said and go back to the city and get more help. The sooner we go the quicker we can go look for him."

That's when the group realised that the fog was moving. The foggy area around them started to thin out until it eventually moved ahead in front of them like a type of cloud. Then when the fog continued to move, they could finally see where they were.

At first, the group thought they were at some type of cliff top. As it looked like they were over the edge of something. That's when they realised that It wasn't a cliff but a giant hole that was 30 meters wide and 30 meters long.

"Do you think he's down there?" Badger asked staring into the whole.

"Well, he did get pulled into there, what is this thing?" Sloth asked. "It looks like the hole leads under the swamp. Not only that but it looks like it's been dugout.

"You don't mean that you think this is the beast do you?" Dan asked.

"Think about it, what else could be so strong to take out those beasts, it would have to at least be this big."

Martha didn't say much. She was too busy stuck in her own thoughts. If only she hadn't moved forward at that time. Then she would have been the one to fall down instead of Monk. This was the second time in her life that Monk had saved her. And here she was hesitating about going inside.

The group held a vote deciding whether to head back or to look around the area. In the end, the only one that wanted to stay was Martha but they couldn't leave her on her own. Before heading back to the city, the group walked around the large circle but no traces of Monk or the beast were found.

****

"Monk has gone missing!" Slyvia shouted, "I thought you said they would be safe?"

Once the group had arrived back and made a report an emergency meeting was called between the elders and other master knights.

"I'm sorry." Sir K replied, "I had great confidence in Monk, no matter what came at them, even if it was a king Tier beast, I was sure that Monk would at least be able to escape with the group but it appears an unexpected fog clouded the group's vision."

"Send out a search party immediately Sir K, I want you to go yourself this time."

The second search party consisted of the same members as last time, only Kyle had been added as well. Although Slyvia insisted on a bigger search party the Knights were spread thin helping out the neighbouring cities. Even Kyle had just got back from completing a mission.

Sir K also said it would be best to send a small group like last time. There would be fewer casualties and the enemy wouldn't see them coming.

The group searched day after day in that swamp, camping night after night. But they could never find the large hole that had appeared last time.

"Are you sure it was here?" Sir K asked.

"I'm positive." Dan replied, "Right guys?"

Although the group wasn't sure if it was the right place or not, they certainly remembered heading in this direction before the fog appeared.

After a week of searching, Slyvia had no choice but to call off the search party for Monk. If he hadn't been found by now there was a high chance, they would ever find him. The news was devastating to Martha and she had refused to leave her room.

It became worse when Martha had checked the list of active members of the Red wings and Monk's name was removed.

Her friends had gone to visit her one by one but it was impossible to get her to cheer up. That's when Slyvia came up with an idea, all Martha needed right now was hope that Monk was still alive. She opened up the system and sent a message to Ray.

At this point of time, Ray was just outside the dungeon waiting for Gary to remove the gauntlet from the demon man. That's when he received a message.

"Can you check if Monk is on your list Ray, for some reason we can't see him," Slyvia asked.

Ray then opened down his menu and started to look through all the members of the Red wings. Then he spotted Monk's name and written next to it in brackets was (Contract Broken.)

Ray honestly didn't know what this meant. Ray assumed if someone had died, they would just be taken off the list. Or the system would state they were dead. But here it said the contract had been broken. The only thing Ray could think of was something with higher magical power then his own had broken the contract.

The news was reported back to Slyvia but it wasn't the news she was expecting and decided to hide this from Martha.

Then one day, at noon, Monk had returned out of nowhere. He had requested a meeting with the elders and other master knights. The meeting was accepted and Monk patiently waited in the room for everyone.

That's when everyone entered including Monk's friends and Martha but when they saw Monk. He looked different. The armour he was wearing was darker in colour and more heavy than usual.

But the biggest difference in Monk was his eyes. They looked almost empty as if all emotion had been taken out from them.

Martha had planned to run up to Monk and give him a big hug as soon as she saw him. However, after seeing Monk like this, she found it hard to say anything.

"I am here to return this," Monk said as he placed his black sash onto the table.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228 - The Wrong Side
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group sat down in disbelief. They couldn't believe what Monk had done. He had just pulled out his black sash that he obtained when he first entered the academy and placed it on the table.

Seeing this, tears started to instantly fill Martha's eyes as she knew what this meant in an instant.

Before the city had been taken over by the Red wings. Avrion had a rule, returning your sash to them meant you quit being a knight. Avrion had kept most of the systems in place from before apart from the upper management of the city.

"Monk, you do know what this means don't you?" Slyvia said in a strong voice.

"I have come back to this city for this reason only." Monk replied, "There is no longer any need to go looking for me. As you can see, I'm safe and sound."

"What happened Monk!" Dan shouted, "Are you possessed by the Shadow, is that why you are doing this."

Monk shook his head indicating he wasn't.

"Lies, I don't believe it!" Cried Martha, "What happened to you down there, what about the beasts."

"Answer her Monk, that's an order!" Slyvia shouted. Ever since Slyvia had become an elder she was more composed then she had ever been. It was the first time that her emotions where getting the better of her.

Of course, it was because Monk was someone close to her. Someone who she had fought with through thick and thin.

"Now that I have returned this I am no longer under your rule. I have no obligation to answer to your demands." Monk said calmly. "But If you really think I am infected with the shadow, then you can get Humfree to cast his healing magic on me."

Healing magic also had a second name called white magic. This magic was the opposite of the shadow and all though it couldn't get rid of the shadow. If it had infected someone it could suppress it. Although this was only done with a few people because the process was incredibly painful.

A grown a.d.u.l.t man would scream in agony as the Shadow fought inside of the body for any type of control.

"Humfree please," Slyvia said as she just had to believe that Monk had been infected.

Humfee then got up from his seat and walked over to monk who was on the other side of the round table.

"If you don't mind," Humfree said as he placed his hands slightly above Monk's head.

This was the first place where the shadow would try infect. If it was successful it could take over the body and use it as a host or cause the host to die.

Humfree's hands started to light up and while the others were expecting some type of reaction, there was nothing.

Sir K had remained silent at the table for the longest time but he finally couldn't hold it in any more.

"Monk, you leave this academy, you can leave this city, I'm fine with it all but what I need to know is that this is your choice."

"It is" Monk replied in an instant.

"But what about Ray," Slyvia said, "Are you willing to betray him after all he's done for you."

That was the first time that Monk truly had hesitated for a brief second before answering.

"It's my life, why should I follow it in the footsteps of other's" Monk shouted.

That's when finally Wilfred stood up and asked everyone to be seated.

"I believe we have heard enough. Not only have you disrespected the academy but you are now also disrespecting our saviour. If it weren't for Ray we would all be dead by now. We will accept your decision to leave our ranks but you may never step in this city ever again."

Monk then stood up and bowed to Wilfred.

"Thank you, Originally I wasn't going to return to this city, but I wanted to let you all know I was safe, and wanted to make everything official."

Monk then started to walk to the door and that's when everyone noticed a marking on Monk's back. It had two wings and an eyeball in the middle. The mark of the Dark guild.

"I hope we never have to meet on the battlefield," Monk said before he used his shadow skill to disappear.

That day had truly affected the morale in the city. They had lost a strong ally and it was in a matter of days. It wasn't over a huge war or a loss of death like they usually had but instead, someone had decided to go over to the enemy's side.

Without a doubt, everyone had seen the marking on Monk's back. Something had changed about him that day, he wasn't his regular self and maybe the Dark guild had answers.

For days on end, Martha refused to believe Monk had left like that. If he had already been working with the Dark Guild this whole time then why did he save her?

This time an emergency meeting was called out on the training field. Martha stood in front of all her old roommates. She wasn't in her usual white robes that indicated that she was an elder. Instead, she was wearing her old armour and sword.

"I have called you here today because I have a request from you all." Slyvia said, "As you all know a dear friend of ours has gone off to the Dark Guild."

Everyone had sunk down as they heard Slyvia's words.

"But I do not believe he went out of choice," Slyvia continued. "Perhaps he was threatened, maybe they have something against him that we do not know of. All that I know is that was not the same person we knew before. Now what I'm going to ask you is going to be tough and dangerous but this is why I'm only asking you people here who care for Monk as much as I do. I plan to infiltrate the Dark guild and get monk back!"

*****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, Doodlebug, Liam_Martin , PhantomNite629 , Seth_Thomas, DarkShadow_DS , Lucifer_119, ramon_sigala and dipforthech.i.p.s

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229 - More Dangerous
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray and the other party members were stood in the outpost, just outside the door to the underground dungeon where the demon man, Lenny, and Gary were underground. Just then though, Ray felt a huge surge of energy come from below.

It was the same energy that he had felt form the demon man.

"Did he wake up." Ray thought, "I have to go in."

"You guys stay out here!" Ray said as he burst through the doors and down into the dungeon. As the doors burst open the others could feel the immense heat coming from below.

"You don't think the demon man has woken up do you?" Ark asked.

"If he has, then Ray might need all of to take him on together like last time," Lilly said.

The rest agreed and decided to head down after Ray.

Inside the dungeon, the hammer that had been attached to the demon man was there no longer. It had turned into some sort of liquid as if it was alive and attached itself to Gary's arm slowly forming a gauntlet around him.

"This is very bad!" Lenny shouted.

A shadow seemed to fall over Gary's face. His eyes started to shine bright yellow like a fire was inside. He then held up his gauntlet hand and similar to the hammer, it started to glow blue. The air around Gary started to blow hotter and a radiating power was being emitted from the gauntlet.

"This is a very nice fit for me," Gary said in a voice lower than it once was. As if it was no longer his.

Just then, Ray had appeared to see Gary with the, now Dragon Gauntlet. He knew instantly that it was the same as the hammer form the design. Then Just behind Ray, the rest had followed.

"No it can't be, was he possessed?" Ark said.

"That idiot had to go causing trouble for us," Jack added.

Lenny who stood closest to Gary flung himself forward but before he could reach. Gary lifted his hand in the air and a bright light erupted from the gauntlet, blinding everyone for several moments.

When the group was able to see again. Gary was no longer in the dungeon, he had completely Vanished.

"Put the city on high alert!" Lilly cried. "We need to find the new demon man." Just then as Lilly took a few steps forward, she staggered and fell to the floor.

*****

The city had been informed of Gary's appearance and not only were the guards on a lookout for him but also the Guild members. There was a temporary block put out on the city blocking all of the exits trying to make sure he wouldn't escape.

When Gary had been possessed by the Gauntlet at the same time his system had declared that the contract had been broken. There was no way for Ray to contact him anymore. However, he had learnt now that what had happened with Monk, meant it was most likely he wasn't dead but perhaps a similar situation had happened to Monk.

Slyvia and the others had yet to notify him what was going on at Avrion and Ray was too busy to find out as he had his own urgent pressing matters.

Lilly had been taken to her castle where a white mage would perform healing magic to the best of their abilities. It was a painful ordeal for Lilly but it was the only thing they could do to delay the spread of the shadow.

The city had an odd feeling behind it. They had just suffered a betrayal from one of their biggest guilds. The mayor's daughter who was in charge of most of the city duties was now bedridden and there was a powerful enemy on the loose and they had no idea where he was.

As Days went past, Ray was finally informed of what had happened to Monk. Ray felt a little guilty that he wasn't there to convince him but Monk had made his own choice. While Slyvia and the others were planning to bring him back.

Ray was preparing his mind for a confrontation with a dear friend. if it came to it and Monk chose the Dark guild over the Red Wings, Ray had to choose the Red wings.

The investigation team continued but it now had weakened significantly. There was Lenny, Ray, Jack and Ark. With no clues, the four of them decided to head to the person who was once the demon man before. The man known as Vercy.

Vercy was bedridden for a few days after the hammer had been removed from his hand. Once the hammer had disappeared it seemed like his hand had regrown. It was an amazing feat that the doctors didn't understand.

After some integration by the city guards, they found out that Vercy was a harmless man but was to be kept watch while in the hospital.

Inside the hospital room. Ray and the investigation team had entered for some questioning.

"I see you're finally awake?" Lenny said.

"Who are you guys?" Vercy replied.

"Ah it looks like you don't even remember us, that's not good." Said Lenny, "Let me ask you, do you know anything about the hammer that came into your possession?"

"The hammer, ah yes, I worked as a miner you see. One day we were extracting minerals from a cave in a mountain. That's when it sounded like something was calling out to me. I decided to leave the crew and investigate thinking that it might have been a lost child. But in the end, all I could find was a hammer. I thought I had gone mad but I was sure the hammer was calling out to me. When I touched it, that was the last thing I can remember before being here."

"Is that everything?" Jack asked.

Ray was beginning to feel a little impatient and decided to cut to the chase. He walked up to Vercy and looked him in the eyes.

"Dragon's truth."

"Now tell us, who are you?" Ray asked.

The colour in Vercy's eyes went white and he started to reply in a monotone voice.

"I am a simple miner for a small village near the town of Kelberg. My name Is Vercy Krang. I am 28 years old and look after my sick mother."

After finishing their questions, the group then left the hospital room to step outside.

"So Vercy was just a normal human being?" Ark asked. "Doesn't that mean that immense power that he had all came from the hammer?"

"Yes, this is very bad." Said Lenny. "Before the hammer had possessed a simple man with no skills. I think Gary will be a far more dangerous foe, especially with all his skills and power."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230 - One year
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Lenny and the others were busy deciding on what to do next. Ark had decided to pay a visit to Lilly to see if she was feeling any better. Inside her room, Lilly lied down on her bed covered in sweat. She had clearly gone through a painful healing process but the colour had seemed to return to her face.

During Ark's time at the Fallen Angel, Lilly had always looked out for him and their Guild, it was the reason why Ark was even more shocked when Mark had betrayed them. But even then, not once did Lilly think Ark as a traitor.

"Please get better soon," Ark said as he left Lilly be and decided to head to the castle canteen for some food.

Due to the investigation teams' achievements, they were granted stay in the castle. It was a good place for the team to hold meetings and didn't need to worry about finances.

The Canteen was empty as it was late in the afternoon and everyone had long eaten.

While Ark was busy lining up to get some food a guard had approached him from behind.

"Thank you for all the help you guys have given to our city."

"Oh no, please don't thank me." Ark replied, "It's the others you need to thank."

"Nonsense, don't think I don't know about your reputation when you were a member of Fallen angel. I have no doubt that you played a big part in taking back the west outpost."

Ark wanted to correct the guard but he knew it was useless. Ark felt kind of bad because he knew that t was mainly due to, Ray, Gary and Jack that they were able to take control back from the outpost. In terms of skill, they were far above what he was cable of.

Suddenly though, Ark started to hear the sounds of whispers in his head. An almost recognisable voice. It was Gary's. It was trying to persuade him to do something.

"What's wrong?" the guard asked.

"Take him out, and come follow my voice," Gary said.

Then as if his body had been taken over from Gary's words. Arks hand moved on its own and hit the guard in the stomach. The guard fell to the floor like a sack.

"Now Run," Gary said.

Ark didn't know what to and his body started to move. Again it felt like he had no control, he could fight it but at the same time, he didn't want to. As he gave into it, he had a satisfying feeling run through his body.

Ark continued to run out of the castle and followed the voice. Until it had eventually led him to a quiet part of the city. One of the poorer parts. There were mainly homeless people living on the streets and the houses looked like they could barely stand.

For a rich city, it was rare for Ark to see a sight like this, but this reminded ark that every city had a side that it just wanted to shove under the rug and hideaway.

Ark continued to follow the voice until it had led him down a dark alleyway. In the alleyway stood a hooded man. Once Ark had seen the man, Ark bowed and went down on one knee.

"Gary is that you?" Ark asked.

Gary then removed his hood to reveal his face. Ark was a few feet away but could still feel the power burning strong from the Gauntlet.

"Yes, it is." Said Gary, "Why do you not look me in the face, are you scared?"

Ark continued to look down on the floor. He felt like if he looked at Gary in the face he would be swept up by the shadows with him and he would never come back.

"You think I'm possessed don't you, but know I am the same person I have always been. The shadow has just shown me the true path. My true calling."

Ark decided to still remain silent unmoving, he felt like if he had said one wrong word then Gary would kill him right there and then and as if Gary could read his mind Gary spoke again.

"Don't worry I do not plan to kill you, I want you to deliver a message to my dear friend Ray. I will head north past Avrion city and into the shadow plague region. There I will be at the fortress just at the border called Gortheim.

Gary then lifted one finger up.

"1 year is the time limit, tell him to bring his army and attack the fortress I will be waiting there. If he does not come in before a year, then I will attack Avrion."

Then Ark could hold it in no longer he had to say something.

"I will deliver your message but first tell me, Gary, I know you're in there, come back to us and let Ray help you. Your friends can help you."

Gary started to shake his head.

"As I said, it is me speaking. You haven't known me long have you, Ark? In fact, you haven't even known Ray that long but I do. Ray isn't like us, Ray he never considered any of us his friends. I know, why don't you join us Ark?"

Gary said as he held out his hand in front of Ark's face.

"Now will you be riding with me to the fortress or not."

Ark was visibly shaking he was frightened that if he gave the wrong answer, he would be done for but there was no way he could join the shadow plague. He had seen what they had done to his guild, how they had corrupted Mark's mind and Just when Ark felt like he was settling into a new place again, the shadow wanted to take it from.

"Yes I will be riding to the fortress, but I will be riding in a year from now and with Ray and all the others. We will defeat the shadow plague and take you back with us."

"It's a shame but I see you are blinded by Ray's strength just as I was," Gary said before he started to disappear into the shadows.

"Remember, one year."

***

Special thanks to AllTheTime00, Lucifer_119, beastofcrazy, Seth_Thomas, Mboswell,?and Fenrir2040 for the gifts. These really help guys and it makes me happy to write even more content.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231 - A promise of return
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Gary had disappeared, Ark was covered in sweat by the confrontation. He was subdued by fear and he was surprised at what he had said directly to Gary's face. He knew that Gary was able to squash him like a bug in an instant.

But something had come over him, maybe it was the fact that everything seemed to be going wrong in his life, but Ark had found the courage to speak up and say his true feelings against Gary.

After meeting up with Gary, Ark headed back to the castle and immediately called a meeting for the investigation team. Everyone was currently sat at a table in the dining hall in the castle. It was late and the sky was black so other than the few guards and maids there weren't many people around them. In fact, they were the only people in the dining hall at a table.

Ark had just informed them all of the messages that Gary had given.

"But why would Gary ask for a year?" Jack asked.

"If I was to take a guess, it might be because the demon inside the weapon is still struggling for control." Lenny replied, "Gary was a strong person, unlike Vercy. So to be able to unleash the full powers of the demon it would take some time before the demon gained full control."

"Then shouldn't we attack immediately," Jack said.

"No that would be silly." Said Ray, "We would be walking right into the Shadow's territory. It's probably what they want us to do. They will have the advantage of knowing the area and will be able to attack us from all sides."

"Then what about Avrion, Slyvia and the others, what if they attack earlier then they said," Jack added.

"I think Lenny's idea could be right, Perhaps Gary really does plan to attack in a year's time. The demon seemed arrogant. He probably thinks in a year's time he will be unbeatable but what he doesn't realise is I too can get much stronger in that year."

"What should we do then?" Ark asked.

"For now you guys continue on as normal," Said Ray. "It seems like Gary may still be in the city. Watching what we will do next. In the meantime, I will teleport back to Avrion and discuss matters with them."

Before the others could even contest what Ray had said, he already activated his teleport skill and disappeared in a few seconds.

"The boy really does do whatever he wants doesn't he?" Lenny said.

"I don't know, he seems to be annoyed by this more than I thought," Jack said, "Maybe he won't admit it but he's worried about Gary."

Back at Avrion, Slyvia had gathered, Martha, Dan, Badger, Sloth and Kyle at the front gate. Slyvia had planned for them to secretly leave the city and scout out the dark guild area to bring Monk back. As an elder Slyvia was an important figure in the city. It was dangerous for her to go out on dangerous missions like this, Sir K and Wilfred would have immediately stopped Slyiva if they knew about her plan.

Just then as Slyvia and the others were ready to sneak out of the front gate, a bright light started to shine by Slyvia's side.

"Raaaaa Ray!" Dan said as he pointed behind Slyvia.

Slyvia turned to look at Ray and had a nervous look on her face. As Ray looked around, he could see everyone was in cloaks and outside of the academy for some reason.

"Now just what were you guys planning to do?" Ray asked.

Slyvia started to laugh nervously.

*****

After finding out what Slyvia was planning to do. The next day in the morning Ray decided to gather the people he trusted most in one of the classrooms at Avrion. Slyvia's group was there, as well as the two elders Sir K and Wilfred and also Von the ex-elder. Ray had also invited the dwarf Randin as his plan included him as well.

"I can't believe it Gary has been possessed." Slyvia said, "Maybe something similar happened to Monk."

"That would be my guess as well, in fact, I believe Monk and Gary may have even gone to the same fortress just pass the borders of Avrion," Ray replied. "It's lucky I caught you when I did. It sounds like they are confident fighting against us in their territory."

"So what do you plan to do Ray?" Wilfred asked.

"Of course, I plan to win this war, even though waiting is probably what the demon man wants. I believe we can grow more powerful than he ever thought possible." Said Ray, "Has the guild hall been finished being built?"

"Yes, it was done a few days ago," Slyvia replied.

"Good, my plan is to continue to expand the Red wings, allow for adventures to come and leave this city, make sure no one learns of the information about the attack. We don't want them to be frightened away. Also, recruit anyone you can into becoming a member of the Red wings guild. Randin I will be relying on you to lead the team of blacksmiths to create the best possible equipment for our army. I plan to win this war."

"And what about you Ray?" Wilfred asked.

"I have unfinished business to deal with, I have met up with a very smart man and I believe he will be able to help with discovering the secrets behind these mysterious weapons, including the hammer that has possessed Gary."

With Ray's words said and done. The meeting was finished and the group went into another gear to complete the tasks given. Everyone was working harder with the looming danger over their head that there was the possibility of attack at any second.

While Ray walked around the academy, he found himself naturally walking to the black sash mansion. Were him and the other black knights used to train. Outside of the mansion on the green grass, Kyle was currently training the new students.

Kyle had replaced Monk's role now that Monk had disappeared. When Kyle spotted Ray he asked the students to continue training while he ran over.

The two of them chatted and continued to walk around the mansion.

"It's strange huh, the four of us all started together in this place." Kyle said, "And now it's just us two."

Kyle then clenched his fist tightly.

"Ray, we need to bring them back. I don't believe for a second Monk or Gary truly have gone over to the other side, we know them better than anyone."

Ray didn't know why he decided to head to the mansion but after meeting Kyle he understood. He missed the days when the four of them would train and the most important thing to them were the rankings. There were a few times in his day were Ray would completely forget that he was a dragon and just wanted to enjoy school life.

But the Shadow plague had continually gotten in his way. When he was a dragon the humans had tried to take everything he had away from him and now the Shadow was trying to do the same.

"Don't worry Kyle, I will bring them back I promise."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232 - Looking Up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Avrion preparing for the possible upcoming war in the future, Ray decided to teleport back to Jack, to see what was the next best course of action. When Ray arrived, he was surprised to see that the whole investigation team had already gathered and were happily drinking away in the tavern.

"Wasn't expecting you back so soon," Lenny said. "Come join us, have a drink."

Ray agreed to sit down with the others but refused to have a drink, he didn't like the taste nor did he understand why humans liked the feeling it gave them after.

"Has there been any new information about the whereabouts of Gary?" Ray asked.

"No I'm afraid not but I do have my suspicions." Lenny said, "While I was making my daily rounds around the castle, I heard the guards speaking about the garden. About how the statue had been moved and the door opened."

"Is that not where the divine being is located?" Ark said as he jumped out. "Why are you only telling us this now?"

Lenny took a huge gulp of his beer before replying.

"I only found out this information recently, and besides if Gary really had gone below do you think the three of us would be strong enough to take him? We needed to wait for Ray anyway."

"Do you think their target is the Divine being?" Ray asked.

"Possibly but I highly doubt it, the Divine being's power is strong. Although it may only be a lump of crystal at the moment, it is quite cable of defending itself. Especially against those that work for the shadow."

Ray then stood up from his seat.

"Well, what are we waiting for, let's finally go pay this Divine being a visit, I have some questions of my own that I need to ask it anyway."

The group headed back to the castle as usual. Only this time they were preparing to sneak into the castle garden at night. The statue that led to the underground tunnels, was a secret kept to only those that worked at the castle. Outsiders were not to know of this.

And if they had informed the mayor that the new demon man was in his back garden, the group feared the worst. From what they had heard from Lilly and the others the mayor was a bit of a wimp.

He wasn't popular with the people until the two large guilds had arrived and luckily for him, Lilly had managed to improve his relationship with the people over time.

There were very few guards in the garden. The mayor never thought that perhaps the demon man had entered the tunnels below. What he didn't know was Gary already had information from before he was possessed of where the Divine being was located.

This was why Lenny believed that Gary had decided to go through the underground tunnels in hopes to escape the city.?With this mission, they were completing two birds with one stone. They would look for Gary while underground and see if they could find any traces, then they could also meet up with the Divine being.

The group managed to avoid being seen and Lenny cast a silencing spell on the statute before asking Jack to move it. Once they had entered the underground tunnel they started to head downwards to the stairs and finally they had reached the door.

A new lock had been placed on the door.

"We don't have the time for this," Lenny said as he placed his hand and the lock and it seemed to crumble away.

"Magic really is useful huh," Jack said

Just like with Avrion, there were multiple tunnels underneath the ground.

"Did you know all of this was here?" Ray asked Ark.

"No, I had no idea, what were these used for?" Ark asked.

"The tunnels were actually made by the beast themselves." Said Lenny. "Similar to Avrion, it is believed that some gods had the power to control beasts and do their bidding. Perhaps this was done by the shadow or dark guild or even done by the divine being herself."

The group continued to walk ahead with Ray taking the lead. Ray had no clue where he was going even with his dragon eyes. There was no indication of power what so ever. But he felt a piece of his mind was pulling his body towards something.

When the group chose one of the paths, they could hear loud footsteps ahead. The Group walked cautiously to the exit of the tunnel. They peaked their heads out to a large open empty hall, but it was too dark for them to see how big, or what was in the large space.

But what they could see, was what was making those large footsteps.

"Ogres," Lenny said.

There were two eight-foot-tall, large muscular green ogres. They had disjointed teeth and each of them held a large wooden club in its hand.

"Do you know what tier these beasts are?" Ray asked.

"Hmm, if I remember correctly, they should be of the advanced tier?" Lenny replied.

As soon as Lenny had said those words Ray went our running with his palms open.

"Ice blast, Ice blast," Ray said as Ice came out from the palm of his hands.

The ice had hit each of the ogre's foot and slightly frozen them in place. Then Ray readied his fist and punched the ogre's leg with full force causing the Ogre to topple over and slam onto the ground. Ray then quickly jumped up on the Ogre's belly ready to deal a finishing blow.

But then the other ogre had broken free and had its eyes set on Ray. It lifted its club up and slammed it down. But the ogre was far too slow for Ray. He had already jumped off avoiding the strike and instead the other ogre was hit, it was now barely breathing and hardly alive.

Ray decided to put it out of its misery and gave another blow to its head.

It had been too long since Ray had last experienced a message like this. The feeling was satisfying. It was the reason why Ray had immediately rushed out once he had heard Lenny say the words advanced tier.

It was a rare thing these days for Ray to come across an Advanced tier and Ray wasn't going to waste this opportunity.

The ogre seeing Ray kill his comrade slammed down his club once again at the tiny human. But when the ogre attempted to lift up its club, something seemed to be pulling it back as if the club was stuck. The ogre tried using all its force to pull the club but it wouldn't budge.

Then flames started to appear on the club and slowly the club burnt away to ashes.

"Fireball." Ray cast and the fireball and hit the ogre right in the face temporarily blinding the Ogre. Ray then jumped up using the ogre's knee above the beast's head and placed both his hands together before slamming it down on the ogres.

Suddenly things were starting to look up for Ray.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233 - Three Temples
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I guess you didn't need our help then?" Lenny said looking at the two dead Ogres.

Although Lenny was a strong mage, even he felt like he would have struggled a little fighting against two large beasts at the same time.

Ark then started to walk other towards the beast and started to carve out its chest.

"What are you doing?" Ray asked.

"Oh I was trying to help you obtain the beast crystal, it would be a waste to leave them here, maybe we can get a good weapon out of it or even sell it for gold," Ark said.

"Don't worry about that, I have already obtained the crystals," Ray replied

"really? When I didn't see anything." Ark said.

Ray then presented his hand out and showed the two crystals he had just obtained that had been stored away in his system.

Lenny looked at Ray with suspicion. He was sure he had been watching Ray carefully during the fight but not once did he see Ray do anything indicating he had obtained the crystal. At the same time, there was no reason for Ray to lie.

It didn't make sense if he did, why would he leave the crystals behind if that was true. Lenny decided to leave the questions, for now, everyone had their fair share of secrets that they didn't want to share and that included himself.

The group continued to venture into the large hall. Even with the use of light crystals, the ceiling was too high and too wide for them to see the ends. Although the area was large the group wound not split up for fear of powerful beasts or even the fact that Gary could be down here.

Finally, after walking ahead for a while, they came across what looked like a temple. It was fairly large and there were columns holding it up but what interested Ray the most was the statue directly in front of the temple. It was the same statue of the Divine being that was underground at Avrion. Even the temple looked familiar.

"Do you know what this Is?" Jack asked.

"Yes actually," Lenny replied, "Well I have a good idea at least. There are three pieces of the divine being located in Alure kingdom. And with each one a temple built around it. One is located at Avrion, one at Kelberg and finally the last one located at Roland. Remember what I was saying earlier about gods being able to control beasts. Well, there are theories that the divine being could do that. In fact, rather than saying controlled it seemed like the beasts worshipped her."

"What are you saying? "Jack was confused by Lenny's ramblings and this wasn't the first time either.

"Well I have to remind you but this is only a theory but these temples located underground were actually built by beasts themselves. As a sign of worship to a power above them. Of course, not all beast would be happy to worship a god and there where those who were too powerful to be controlled such as dragons."

Ark started to chuckle a little built.

"Oh so you think it's funny do you?" Lenny said.

"I'm sorry, but everyone knows that dragons are but a myth." Ark said, "A tale used to scare children."

"Perhaps, but then what would you make of the artefacts such as the Dragon hammer then, and the Dragon Knights of Avrion academy. They had to get their name somewhere right?"

Ark had never thought about it before, he thought the weapons might have just been named that since they were powerful. They needed a name to strike fear into their opponents they went up against.

But now that Ark thought about it, maybe Dragons did exist at one point, if they were such things as gods and demons why not dragons, it wouldn't be the craziest thing in the world.

Unknown to the whole group that a former dragon was standing right there next to them all.

As the group moved closer to the temple, Ray felt like something sinister was up ahead. Ray started to proceed cautiously when he heard something from behind.

"Arghh what the hell!" Jack shouted.

As the group turned, they could see Jack being held upside down by what looked like a tree route. When they followed the route along, they noticed that it really was a tree. The tree was dark in colour and had no leaves but markings on its body revealed a face with a sinister look.

"They're cursed trees!" Lenny shouted, be careful don't let them grab you for their strength is monstrous."

Suddenly, multiple routes started to come out towards the group from different directions. Lenny cast magic over his fist and started to pound the roots away. While Ark was able to move swiftly avoiding the trees grabs. However, his attacks were weak and barley caused a mark on the tree's route.

Ray found it quite easy to deal with the trees as he would cast a fireball at them, but that's when Ray noticed that the tree's roots were quickly growing back.

"You must take out the Beast crystal from inside, or they will continue to grow," Lenny explained.

After hearing Lenny's words each member went into swift action. Ark managed to dodge the roots coming at him and had stabbed his sword at just the right spot damaging the crystal inside.

Ray was patient and burned the roots away until had had eventually destroyed the centre. Lucky for him once again he had obtained another crystal. He had never had much luck before.

Lenny was also able to destroy the crystal with ease. The trees were usually a difficult foe to deal with but Lenny knew their strengths and weaknesses well, allowing the group to deal with each one easily all apart from Jack that was.

The tree that had grabbed Jack had wrapped more roots around Jacks body and started to squeeze hard. Jack tried using all his strength to break free but it was impossible, the tree just wouldn't budge.

"Do you require our help?" Lenny said.

"No, I'm fine!" Jack groaned. "I can do this."

"There is no shame in asking for help," Ark said.

That's when Jack decided he had enough, his body started to slowly change, his skin had grown white silver fur and his muscles started to grow. His hands turned into sharp claws and Jack began ripping the tree to shreds.

In his werewolf form, the tree's strength was no match for Jack. Jack immediately pounced on the trees body and continually ripped away at it until it had eventually died.

"Did you really have to transform?" Lenny asked.

After Jack had finished defeating the tree, he had cancelled his transformation. The werewolf form took up a lot of energy for Jack and he still wasn't used to it.

Finally, now with nothing in the way the group approached the temple. They then had reached the front door but as they did their light crystals revealed a human figure standing in front of it.

"I've been waiting for you," Gary said as he took off his hood to reveal himself.

****

Special thank to Lucifer_119, Fenrir2040, Username1, Seth_Thomas, and Pekelo for the gifts they really support me on my author journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234 - Goodbye Friend
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group all took a step back as Gary's face had come into view. They could see his gauntlet shining brightly and felt pressure and heat coming off it.

"Don't be afraid, I thought we were all friends?" Gary said with a sinister smile.

"What are you doing here!" Jack Shouted.

This was a first for Jack, Although Jack and Gary didn't get along with each other in their travels. Jack never saw Gary as a bad person and he hated seeing Gary being controlled by the shadow.

"Oh, didn't Ark tell you," Gary replied, "I'm here to make sure my message was delivered first hand, I thought It would be more effective if I did it in person."

Gary then started to slowly walk over to the group and down from the temple stairs.

"Ray, I'm here to ask you nicely, give up on Avrion, why don't you go live your days in a nice peaceful village somewhere. I'm asking you this favour as a friend."

For a second Ray felt like the emotion in Gary's eyes were genuine when he was saying this.

"I can't Gary, the shadow has taken too much away from me already and that includes you."

"It is a shame to hear you say that but an expected answer."

"What about your sister Gary!" Jack said, "What would she think if she saw you go over to the shadow, didn't you and she become knights to help fight against it."

"But it wasn't the shadow that had taken my sister, it was humans. They killed her, if I get rid of the whole of Roland then there is no need for me to search who had killed my sister."

"I see now you have gone mad, maybe Ray thinks he can still bring you back but you have already been consumed." Jack then drew out his great sword from his back leapt over to Gary's side.

Jack swung with all his force at Gary not holding back any power but Gary stood there unafraid. He made a fist with his gauntlet and knocked the giant great sword to the side, then quickly held Jack by the throat.

"Look how weak you are now." Gary said, "And to think I use to think you were so much greater than me."

The grip around Jack's throat was getting tighter, he was struggling to breathe. The power difference between the two was immense. Before there was no way Gary would have been able to do something like this.

"Let him go, Gary," Ray said, "I mean it!" Ray clenched his fist hard but he was struggling to gage Gary's power. Ray was actually afraid that if he acted out, he might not make it out of this one.

"Fine" Gary said as he chucked Jack to the ground with extreme force.

Jack's body had landed off to the side, the throw was so hard that it had caused a serious blow to Jack's head and blood was leaking out. Ark quickly rushed over to Jack's side.

"What are you doing Gary, you could have killed him!" Ark cried.

"The stupid dog will live, His body is strong. Ray, I ask you one more time, if not my master who is standing behind me will have to act. With the two of us, we could kill you all in an instant."

"Who is your master!" Lenny shouted.

Just then a familiar man stepped out from behind. It was Morfran who was in his full suite of black armour which also bore the symbol of an Eye and wings on his chest piece.

Ray didn't think much about it before, but perhaps even the piece of armour that Morfran was wearing was from the same set of equipment as the Hammer and Sword.

"We the shadow's guard have been given a mission to get rid of you, but our new colleague here has asked us to spare you, it would be wise to listen to him."

Although Ray could lie and play along then later when he was stronger change his mind, that wasn't Ray's style.

"I won't be changing my mind," Ray said.

"Well looks like its time for you to prove your loyalty to the shadow Gary, kill your old friends now."

Gary then went on one knee in front of Morfran.

"Sir, even though I am new please give me more time, I believe I can convince them. Just leave this task to me, if I cannot then I will deal with them."

Morfran looked into Gary's eyes, he could tell that if he didn't accept Gary's request then he might have a bigger problem on his hands.

"Fine then, so be it," Morfran said as he disappeared into the shadows and could no longer be seen.

"Ray give up."

But Ray was stubborn and shook his head.

"Then you leave me no choice."

Lenny had prepared magic in his fist ready for Gary to move but when Gary did, in an instant he had gone right past Lenny and was already by Ray's side. Gary drew out the black sword and swung it at Ray.

Ray managed to lift both of his hands to block in time but the blow was powerful causing his feet to be lifted off the ground. However, before Ray's body could be blown away, Gary grabbed Ray with his gauntlet hand and threw him to the ground in front of him.

Ray was immensely hurt by the blow and before he could get back up, the black blade was already at his throat.

"Kill me than Gary!" Ray shouted, "Just do it."

"You don't think I will do you?" Gary said, but as his blade was up against Ray's throat, he noticed his hands were starting to shake.

"It looks like your right Ray, I can't do it and now the Shadow will punish me for not completing my task."

Gary put the sword away and started to walk off. As his body started to disappear into the shadow, he said his finale words that echoed through the room.

"Goodbye, my friend."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235 - We meet again
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once Gary had left, the pressure in the room lifted with it and so did the heat. Ray was struggling to get up and decided to absorb the three advanced tier crystals he had obtained earlier.

He now had a total of 25 advanced tier points. What Ray also realised is whenever he used the crystals, it made his body feel stronger each time and felt refreshed but what that also meant was he could use it this way to heal himself.

His body started to feel like normal again and Ray was soon able to lift himself off the ground. This was the reason why Ray decided not to absorb the crystals yet, even though there was a chance he could meet Gary.

He had expected an even fight shifting in Gary's favour, then when the time was right, Ray would use an advanced tier crystal to heal himself and get slightly stronger. However, what Ray didn't expect was for Gary to complete overpower him in a matter of seconds, not even giving Ray the chance to fight back.

"Hey come over here!" Ark shouted. "Can one of you two help?"

Although Jack's body was strong, the blow he had received from Gary had managed to pierce through his line of defence, his skin. It didn't help that Jack had just transformed a few moments before. Jack's body was always significantly weaker after a transformation.

Lenny started to look at the wound on Jack's head.

"I wouldn't worry about it too much, it looks like it's already healing," Said Lenny, "But at the same time I don't want to be carrying him around."

Lenny then placed his hands above the wound on Jack's head. His hands started to glow bright white and the wound suddenly started to heal even quicker.

After a few moments, Jack was starting to open his eyes.

Ray couldn't help but think that Lenny was a strange man. Usually, mages specialised in one type of magic, his mother who was a mage could only perform, Fire magic, Lilly could perform wind magic but Lenny had performed multiple different types of magic and was now even using white magic, a rare ability.

"What happened?" Jack said as he looked around. "Gary, did he escape?"

"No." Ray said, "He let us live."

After waiting a little while for Jack to come back to his senses, the four of them started to walk up the stairs towards the temple doors. There were two large metal doors made of the same material as the ones at Avrion and similar to the doors at Avrion there was a curricular lock on the door.

"It looks like this was the reason for them waiting outside." Lenny said, "The two of them even with their power can't break Glatherium."

"Well if they couldn't get into the temple, what makes you think we can." Said Ark, "Do you know a trick or two to get in?"

Lenny shook his head.

"I'm afraid not, the only people who will be able to enter must know the code. The smith who created the door and the Mayor are most likely the only people to know."

"So it was a wasted trip then," Ark said in disappointment.

That's when Ray had walked up to the door and placed his hand on the circular lock.

Just like with all the other doors, Ray for some reason was able to open them.

The circular lock then started to swirl around and began to unlock itself before both of the doors slid to the side and opened up.

Ray could see Lenny was looking at him curiously.

"A skill I learned along the way."

"Well I hope you can teach me that skill young boy, I would pay any price." Said Lenny, "There are many places that I would like to access that have been blocked by a door like this one."

Ray didn't reply hoping that Lenny would forget about it, after all, there was no way Ray was able to teach Lenny anything.

As soon as the doors opened, a blue glow shone out of the room. It was a large single hall that was covered in little tiny glowing blue rocks. Rows of benches laid out all leading to the back of the hall and right at the end was a single large crystal floating in the air.

"The divine being, although I have never seen this one, it is exactly the same as the one at Avrion," Lenny said.

While Lenny, Ray and Jack didn't seem to be affected by its presence at all, Ark had immediately bowed down to it. He felt it was a higher being that he had to respect.

"What are you guys doing, bow down," Ark said.

"Isn't it just a large beast crystal?" Jack said.

"Well now all we need to do is hope that the Divine being will speak out to one of us?" Lenny said. The divine being can be picky, there are times when people have come to see her and she has said nothing."

"Don't worry, I'm sure she will speak to me," Ray said as he walked closer to the glowing crystal in the air.

This time Ray was the one who initiated the connection and placed his hand on the Divine being. Once again it felt like a part of him had left his body and entered the crystal.

At the same time images started to flash through his head. The images of war, Ray's friends standing by his side and also two people he hadn't seen before. One, a female wearing a black cloak and holding a magic staff with black hair, the other, a boy with silver hair and a crystal held in his hand.

And the enemy, the shadow plague. On their side stood Monk and Gary, the two of them stood atop a fortress smiling down on them.

Then finally the images had stopped and the part of Ray that was in the crystal was returned to his body.

"What was that?" Ray asked.

"That, was the future." The Divine being replied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236 - The Divine Being Speaks
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Images of the future?"

Ray had his suspicions before after last time, but the vision this time was a lot clearer. It had shown that Ray had taken his army and decided to face the shadow plague on their own turf and in the end, Gary and Monk were on the enemy's side. But there were so many questions, who were the two new allies fighting by his side?

But finally, it seemed like Ray would get some answers as for the first time the Divine being was speaking to him.

"Did the Divine being speak to you!" Lenny said excitedly, "It's a miracle."

"Why did you show me this?" Ray asked.

"Do you remember the vision you were shown last time?"

The last vision Ray had received was a future where the Shadow had taken over the Alure kingdom. There was no life and the land had been replaced by shadow beasts.

"Because of you, the future has already changed, and you can change that again. I am no longer safe here in Kelberg. I know you have many questions but my time is short. I will turn myself into a small crystal which looks just like any other beast core. In the vision you saw you must find the man who stood by your side and held me in his hands. Give him the crystal and finally, find the last piece of me in Roland and only then can I answer all the questions you have."

"Why should I do your bidding, I'm not your tool to be used!" Ray said in anger.

"I know you will complete this task because you are curious, you want to find out what happened to you and I promise I will give you those answers. Before I wasn't so sure about you but now I am. You are a changed man Sen, you care for those around you so you will do whatever you can to protect them."

After the Divine being had finished saying what she wanted to say, the glowing Crystal started to Shrink until it was the same size as a regular beast crystal. It floated its way over to Ray, until it eventually fell down into his hands.

The crystal no longer glowed and seemed just like any other crystal.

Ray's blood was boiling slightly. He felt like he was being used by the Divine being, she was getting everything she wanted while he had to run around looking for answers. There were too many questions on Ray's mind.

Was she truly the Witch that he fought with as a dragon?

Was she the one who had turned him into a human?

Just what was the Shadow plague?

And finally, why was he involved in all of this?

The fact that she knew Ray's dragon name meant she had to have known him in the past. Ray then thought back to what the Wyvern had said, saying that the Witch and the Divine being were the same person.

In the end, he had no choice but to do the Divine beings bidding. For now, he would do as he was told but when he finally got answers he would no longer care, and if he didn't like the divine beings answers he would deal with her too.

"Did the Divine being really just give itself to you?" Ark said in shock.

"Judging by what she said, it seems like the divine being feels it is no longer safe in Kelberg and instead wishes to go to Roland." Said Lenny.

"You heard that?" Ray asked

"Yes, I believe we all did."

The three of them all nodded.

"Did you see the visions as well? And the last part?"

Ray was worried that the others might have heard the Divine being mention his dragon name.

Lenny raised one of his eyebrows.

"I think the vision was exclusive for you and all we heard was the talk of answering your questions at Roland."

It was true that the last words of the Divine being were only heard by Ray but judging by Ray's reaction the divine being had mentioned something that Ray didn't want the others to know and Lenny had caught on to that.

The way Ray was even speaking to the divine being seemed like he didn't particularly like the Divine being either, perhaps there was even some history behind the two of them. Lenny only got even more curious about the boy in front of him.

"Can we really take the crystal, won't Kelberg find out, won't it cause a panic?" Ark asked, "Many people see the divine being as a protector for the city."

"The people didn't even know the divine being was located here in the first place." Lenny replied, "Besides even if the mayor did find out, I doubt he would cause panic to his people."

"Well Ray, what do we do now?" Jack asked.

Ray then looked at the crystal in his hand and thought back to the vision the Divine being had shown him.

"We do as it asked, we will head to Roland academy, even before this it was our next destination anyway so it won't be too much trouble to do something along the way."

"But how will we get in." Said Jack, "It's a magic academy right, I hear they are very strict and don't allow anyone inside apart from their professors and students."

"That will just have to be something we deal with when we get there."

"I hope you're not planning to barge I and fight your way to the divine being there are you?" Lenny said, "because if you are, I'm afraid that task will be near impossible, even for someone with your strength. It is the capital of Alure kingdom. The strongest Mages of the kingdom exist and work there. You would be spotted in a heartbeat. The only way to sneak in would be as a student."

Lenny then gave out a big sigh.

"I suppose I have a way I can help you."

****

Special thank to Isaac_Lopez_1420, Fenrir2040, Autumncat210, Ekwuruke_Samuel, Doodlebug and Lucifer_119 for the gifts, you guys are great and really supporting me in my journey as an author. Thank you all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237 - A Student again
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

AUTHOR NOTE: The beginning of this ark is heavily based on a webtoon known as Black haze, it was a webtoon that was cancelled back in 2012 sadly. A lot of the motives and the beginning of the story follow the same scenes as black haze. Of course, the actions and reactions of the characters are different and the plot is different as well as peoples motives.

But a lot of people have made comparisons because there is exact scenes that happen in Black haze that also happens in this ark. This goes on until Chapter 269, in total there are three scenes between this chapter and 269 that are the same but again, what happens in the scenes are different. Similar to a fanfic of what if my characters form this story were put in this situation type thing. I hope it done;t take away from the experience too much and if you have read black haze can push through past 269. Note this was added after the chapter release so does not affect the price of the chapter.

******

After speaking to the Divine being and getting the information they kind of came for. The group decided to leave the tunnels. They made sure when leaving to put everything back the way they had found it. Making sure it looked they were never there.

They then snuck back in the castle with ease and headed to the dining hall to finish their discussion. The four of them sat at a single table together in the dining hall, which was void of pretty much anyone because of how late at night it was.

"Tell us then, how are you able to help get us into Roland?" Ray asked.

"Well first off, it would only be you. Since you're the only one who can perform magic. Even if I could manage to get two more students these two would be spotted in a heartbeat when they couldn't perform any magic spells." Lenny explained, "I used to be a teacher at Roland academy, I know a few people there and even though it's a bit past their term time, I could probably let you get in on a recommendation."

Hearing that Lenny used to be a teacher at Roland came as no surprise to them. Lenny so far had displayed numerous skills showing that he was a high-level mage. At this point, it was harder for them to believe that Lenny was ever a knight at Avrion in the first place.

"There is one problem though." Said Lenny. Lenny then took out a piece of silver coin and placed it on the table. "My funds have run dry, before the city of Kelberg was paying me for my skills as an investigator here but now with Lilly knocked out cold and us heading to Roland on our own agenda, they will not pay for my travels."

"If money is your concern do not worry, I will compensate you for your troubles." Said Ray. "If possible, I would like to leave tomorrow morning, are you happy to travel with us?"

"Of course, it has long been my goal to go up against the shadow, for years it has felt like I was going up against them on my own, but now to know there are powerful comrades like you going up against them it has given me hope. Not only that but it seems the divine being has put it's trust in you more so then the kingdom and I shall do the same."

"What about you Ark?" Jack asked, "Will you be coming with us?".

Ark thought about it for a while before answering. He had already made up his mind to join the Red wings but after meeting the powerful beasts in the tunnels below and Gary he realised something. He wasn't anywhere close to being at the same level as these three.

Ark needed to get stronger but if he was around these three all the time, he would only rely on their strength or worse get in their way.

"I'm afraid not," Ark replied, "I will stay in Kelberg, I have a great debt I owe to this city now and Lilly is also here fighting her own battle. If the Shadow attack Kelberg I will inform them immediately. I also plan to help you grow the Red Wings in Kelberg city. The Guilds presence is weak here and the city needs another guild right now."

"I think that is the correct decision Ark." Said Lenny, "Do not feel bad, your growth at your age is normal. You are a lot stronger than I was at your age. The people in front of you are simply monsters."

With that, the group went for a good night's rest and the next morning had arrived. With all their things packed and boarded onto a carriage, they were ready to head to their next destination, Roland academy.

It was a long trip from Kelberg, travelling by horse it would take them about a week to get there. So they had to make sure they were stocked with plenty of supplies of food and water.

On Ray's last trip back to the Avrion, Ray was able to obtain another 10 gold coins form Slyvia and also Gary and Jack had managed to save up two gold coins from the Quests they had completed.

After saying goodbye to Ark, the carriage road of into the direction of Roland with Lenny taking the reins on the horses.

"Now remember you two, Not only is Roland a place where all the top mages in the Kingdom attend but it is also the capital city of Alure Kingdom. A place where the Queen lives. I don't have to tell you that it's best that you don't mention you are from the Red wings guild. They will be greatly upset that an unknown group has taken over Avrion."

"A Queen huh." Ray thought.

The King or Queen was in charge of all the major decisions that went on in the kingdom and especially the army that was going up against the Shadow plague. And although she might have not been alive at the time, her lineage might have had some say with the idea of hunting dragons.

But Ray wasn't going to Roland to deal with the Queen. There were bigger problems for him to deal with. There were three main tasks when heading to Roland. The first was finding the boy in his vision, before just handing him the crystal Ray would find out just who the boy was first.

The second task, was finding the last part of the Divine being. Its location was unknown but according to Lenny, he was a 100 percent sure it was located in the academy itself.

And the last thing was finding out what had happened to Amy while in the academy. Although this didn't seem as important to the others. Ray perhaps thought this information would be useful to him in some way.

Maybe even as a way to help bring back Gary over to their side.

"Well, are you ready Ray." Said Lenny.

"Ready for what?" Ray asked.

"Don't be silly, don't tell me you haven't realised it yet, you're going to become a student again, only this time as a mage."

Ray smiled as he thought back to when he was younger, how he had originally set his sights on Roland academy but he was quickly denied when they found out he had no magical power. He never thought he would get to experience what it would be like living as a mage and now he was going to.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238 - Special Treatment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The travel from Kelberg City to Roland city was a peaceful one. Along the trail, there were no surprise attacks from beasts and there were no bandits like last time. There were many adventures and guards placed between the pathways.

This made the roads peaceful and many people used the paths without the need for hiring an escort. Just from looking at things it was very had to tell that the Kingdom was at war with the shadow plague and was one of the Kingdoms right on the border against the shadow.

After travelling for a week, the three of them had finally arrived at Roland. And it was just as extravagant as Ray remembered it. The last time he had come here was when he was with his mother. It was a large rounded building with walls surrounding it similar to Avrion.

Other than the size difference though, there were also several magical orbs that surrounded the city in the air.

"What are those things?" Jack asked looking at the round objects.

"It's a defensive barrier, not only are they protected around them but also from above." Lenny said, "If anyone tries an ariel attack through there, those orbs will activate and give the intruder a nasty shock."

"I wonder why more cities don't have them?" Jack asked, "Wouldn't make sense to implement it everywhere, not just Roland."

Lenny started to laugh.

"Don't think it's cheap to create one of those things. Each one of them contains a super tier beast crystal inside."

Ray couldn't imagine the strength of those orbs. He still had yet to meet a super tier creature and face one, he couldn't imagine the effort and cost it must have taken to implement a system like this one. Although that also reminded Ray that he had obtained a super tier crystal from the Avrion test.

When he would evolve and level up the crystal would be a huge advantage for his progression.

When arriving at the gate. Lenny and the other two had to sign some doc.u.ments as they weren't residents of the city.

"What's your purpose in coming here." The guard asked.

"I'm meeting an old friend and a colleague of mine is planning to join Roland academy," Lenny said as he pointed at Ray.

That's when the guard noticed something.

"A chosen one." The guard said as he immediately rushed over and bowed down to Ray. "Do not worry about the fee, the city will cover it for you. Go in right ahead and I will finish the doc.u.mentation myself."

Although the reaction from the guard was a strange one, the others weren't going to deny a free pass into the city.

"That was strange," Said Jack, "Do you have any idea what that was about?"

"I'll be honest I have no clue. Although things might have changed around here, after all, it has been many years since I last stepped foot in this place." Said Lenny. "Why don't you two head to an Inn and then explore the city? If it's still there I believe there's one called the boar's head not too far from here. I will need to find a colleague to speak to about your admission into Roland academy. Then we can meet at the Inn tonight."

With that, Lenny road of with the carriage while the two of them were left to search for the Boar's head.

Just like with Kelberg, the city seemed to be alive and brimming with people. There were adventures in the city, merchants and for the first time ever, there were several mages out an about in the streets as well.

But something strange kept happening, as Ray and Jack walked around the city people would take glances, Ray was somewhat used to this his whole life but the glances didn't feel the same as they did before.

Suddenly, A little girl appeared in front of Ray with a bouquet of flowers.

"Here you go mister, thank you for protecting our city." The girl said with a smile as she handed the flowers over.

Ray took the flowers and the girl ran off before Ray could even say anything.

"What the hell is going on?" Jack said, "Did you use a spell or something?"

"I'm just as confused as you," Ray said.

After walking around for a while, the two of them decided to ask for directions. The people of the city were happy to help and even offered to escort Ray and Jack there. But after searching around for a while they had finally reached the Boar's Head inn.

"Hi if possible, we would like a room for the night?" Ray asked as he reached into his pouch to pull out some coins.

"Oh please, there is no need for you to pay, I would have to be infected by the shadow to let myself do something as stupid as that." The innkeeper said as he handed over a key. "Please head on right up."

After the two placed their belongs on the bed, Jack finally said something.

"I think I might have an idea why everyone is treating you so nicely?"

"Oh, you do?" Ray said, surprised that Jack had come up with a theory for once.

"I think it must be opposite day in this city."

Ray's hopes were suddenly all thrown out the window, he didn't know what he was expecting from someone like Jack.

"Think about it, people usually treat you so badly every place we go because of your red hair, it's the only explanation that makes sense."

Suddenly a thought came to Ray's mind. Although he didn't think it was an opposite day like Jack suggested but he did think Jack was on the right lines. Perhaps it did have something to do with his hair.

Just then Lenny had barged into the room.

"Oh, the innkeeper was right, you are here."

"You're back a bit early," Ray said.

"Well it was easier for her to hear me out than I originally thought, its good news though it looks like you will be going to Roland Afterall but before that, there's something she wants to ask us, a task for us to complete."

"And that is?"

"She said she would tell us the details in person, come on we need to buy you two some clothes, we can't go meeting the queen like that?"

"The queen?"

****

Special thanks to Lila_Martinez, Fenrir2040, IcyShadow2323, AllTheTime00, Isaac_Lopez_1420 , Daoist232052, Akindele_Olawale, DarkShadow_DS, and Autumncat210 for the gifts they really help me in creating the best story I can for you guys.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239 - Meeting the Queen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before heading out to meet up with the Queen, Lenny decided to take Ray and Jack to the local clothes shop. Ray usual wore simple plain clothing that was in tatters by now, he didn't really care unless his beast armour was okay and Jack mainly just wore a sleeveless shirt.

The two of them didn't have a clue how to dress up for a formal event, so Lenny ended up picking out their clothes. After a few hours of shopping and heading to the hairdressers the three of them looked like new people.

Lenny who had worn a cloak and had an unshaven beard for most of the journey now had a single white shirt and a long blue overcoat. His beard and hair were no longer untidy and kept clean.

Jack had gone for white colours with his design. There weren't many clothes that would fit Jack's muscular shoulders, so in the end, he had to settle with a plain white shirt but it was still a big improvement to before.

And lastly Ray, as soon as Ray had entered the shop just like so far in this city, he had received extra care and treatment. His once spikey red hair was now swept back. The shirt given to him was black in colour with a golden trim. He looked like someone of royalty.

"Perfect, I think you two are ready now." Lenny said, "Oh and it's best to keep your weapons away, for now, we need to keep up the appearances that your mages."

All the armour that Ray wore and Jack and Ray's weapons were put into his endless void. Now that the three of them carried no weapons they just looked like high-class citizens.

While Lenny led to two to their destination, they noticed that they were walking up to the grand palace. Unlike the castle at Kelberg which was made of stone and looked very old. The palace had a unique feeling to it. It was modern in design and smooth on the outside. It looked like it had only been made last year but as Ray started to look around, he noticed all the building looked like that.

"That's what happens when you live in a magic city." Lenny said, "No need for poor construction, cracks in the foundations can be fixed in an instant, it's impressive isn't it."

"Yeah, it is," Jack said, "I'm wondering why you ever left this place?"

"Of course, like every place it has its fair share of serious problems and Ray being at the academy will quickly find out."

Suddenly though Lenny stopped walking towards the palace and took a turn in another direction.

"Are we not heading for the palace?" Jack asked

"Do you really think we are able to just walk up to the palace and meet the queen." Lenny replied, "We are to meet in another location."

Finally, after walking for a little while longer they reached a familiar-looking building. It was a public Guildhall. One that was not owned by any of the guilds in the city. Once the group entered the building Lenny talked to one of the workers behind the counter and they were quickly escorted up the stairs.

Waiting for them sitting on the sofa was a woman in a black cloak and a blonde-haired man wearing white robes standing by her side. She was patiently drinking coffee as she waited for the others.

"Your highness, your guests have arrived." The guard said.

Just then Lenny and the others had reached the top of the stairs and were brought over to sit on the opposite side of the table from the queen.

The queen then took off her hood to reveal her face. To Jack and Ray's surprise, they were expecting a frail old woman. But here was a beautiful silver-haired woman with long shining hair who looked like she was in her late thirties.

"My old friend here tells me that you wish to enter Roland academy, may I ask which one?" The Queen said.

"It's this young boy over here Liz." Lenny casually said.

"How dare you call her highness so casually!" The guard complained but he was quickly stopped when queen Liz raised her hand.

"Me and Lenny go back a long way, he has permission to call me whatever I like," Liz said with a smile.

Ray couldn't help but think about who Lenny was. He clearly had a friendly relationship with this person and she was the Queen. The Queen of Alure kingdom.

Liz then looked Ray up and down and gave a soft gentle smile.

"Have you enjoyed your treatment while in this city." Said Liz, "I guess it might have come as quite a shock to you. Although I would like to take credit for such a thing, the hard work goes to the academy. When the prophecy was spread through the land, they worked hard to promote the red-haired magicians. Several reports of their good deeds were spread to the people and they would often make public appearances to help out the city. The people here believe that one day the saviour told in the prophecy will be one of the red-haired children from the academy."

Ray had a hunch it had something to do with his red hair and it seemed to be true. Here in this city, the academy managed to change the negative stigma with Red hair into a positive one. In a way, Ray had done the same at Avrion but instead of good deeds, he had done it through brute force and showing them he was a capable fighter.

"I suppose we should get to business then." Liz said, "Although I am not directly in charge of the academy, I do play a big part in sponsoring it with my funds. If you receive a recommendation from me and Lenny there will be no problem getting you into the academy."

"That's great." Said Lenny. "I knew I could count on you Liz."

"However, you must first agree to accept a task for me while at Roland academy."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240 - The Queens Request
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray was waiting to hear the Queen's request, even Jack was sitting there silently nervous about what she was about to ask of him. If it was something the queen couldn't do then it must have been a big task.

"It is to do with my youngest son," Liz said. "He too at the moment attends Roland academy and has been a student from last year. To put it simply he isn't fitting in at school."

Liz then raised her hand and the white-robed man who stood by her side placed a pile of doc.u.ments on the table.

"Of course, I care for my son and have had an investigation take place about his current situation. He has only been at the academy for a year and I can't imagine what has happened in that academy." Liz said as she looked down, her face filled with sorrow.

"But for some reason, my son is being treated as an outcast, the other students are avoiding him and there have been several cases where he has been rushed to the hospital."

"But isn't he your son, who would be crazy enough to make him a target?" Ray asked.

"Well you see, there are several noble children who attend the academy. Some of them who wield great power in the army and have great influence. Not only that but the academy isn't under the direct control of Alure kingdom. Outsiders are not allowed to interfere and that includes me. Also, it seems he is hiding the fact that he is part of Royalty to his fellow classmates."

Liz then looked up and looked Ray directly in the eye.

"My request is a simple one, please make sure life at the academy is an easy one for my son. I originally sent him to the academy with the goal of having a normal life and that is all that I wish for him." Said Liz. "Please protect him."

****

After making her request clear the queen could no longer stay at the guildhall any longer. She was escorted away and left doc.u.ments for Lenny and the others to look over. Once the group had decided whether to accept their request or not, Lenny was to contact her the same way he did before.

"Lenny, what information did you give to the queen about me?" Ray asked.

"I simply said that you were a powerful magician for your age that wished to learn more at Roland, she knows nothing about the Divine being giving you a task, nor does she know that you are the current leader at Avrion."

"I remember you saying they were powerful mages at the academy, with just my magic abilities will I be able to handle them?"

"Relax, the dangerous ones are the teachers and guards inside the academy, the children in the school haven't even broken through yet."

"Broken through?" Ray asked confused.

"What you don't even know that, what kind of mage are you?" Lenny sighed. "When a mage breaks through that means they have been able to ascend to the next level. Mages are categorized into eight different power levels but on top of this, they can breakthrough. They are then able to harness even more of the world's natural mana around them, to give them a huge increase in power, sometimes even changing their form and appearance. With your magic skills, I thought you would have already broken through."

Although the Skills Ray had shown were that of a high tier magician, Ray had no clue about Mages and this was the first time he had heard any information about them. Mages were rare in the world and even then, they were heavily concentrated at Roland academy.

The only mage that Ray had ever fought against was Morfran and the only other ones he had seen were Lenny and Slyvia's brothers. Ray had a thought wondering if when he fought against Morfran whether or not he had broken through. If he hadn't it was a scary thought to think how strong he would be when he did.

Lenny then picked up the report and started to read through it.

"It seems like you will be transferred over as a level 6 magician. That's two levels down from the highest mage you can be." Lenny then handed Ray a piece of paper.

The paper contained the academy logo on top. It had his student name, age down as 16 and his ability type which said Fire.

"What is this?" Ray asked, "I'm not sixteen and I don't really have the ability of fire."

"Can't you just use your transform skill to appear younger, besides your barley older than sixteen in the first place. Although it would best to change your hair colour. We can't have the academy recruiting you into their special Red-haired saint task force." Said Lenny. "And about the ability, most mages aren't like me or you. They can only perform one type of ability, I've seen you perform ice and fire so I flipped a coin and told Liz to put fire down."

"So have you decided what you want to do?" Jack asked.

"We still have a year before the battle with Gary and I need to find the Divine Being in the academy, doing something like this shouldn't be too hard," Ray replied.

Although Ray didn't say it, he was quite interested in what was happening at the academy, perhaps what was currently happening to the Queen's son had also happened to Amy. While he was investigating into this matter he would also look into Amy's matter.

Ray then proceeded to pick up the doc.u.ments that Lenny had left out on the table. It included a detailed report of what had been happening to her son at school, at least all the information the queen was able to obtain.

Then on the last page was a picture of her son. When seeing him Ray instantly recognized him. It was the same person who was in Ray's vision form the Divine being. The same person the Divine being told him to go look for and hand over the crystal.

****

Special thanks to Username1, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, Isaac_Lopez_3223, Lucifer_119, Casina, ellezar_g , Lila_Martinez, and IcyShadow2323 for the gits, it is really helping me out on my author journey.

Extra Chapters will be mass released on the weekend for hitting the stone goal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241 - A New student
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Roland academy was almost like a city within the city. The building was large and grand surrounded by its own walls and there were a total of four entrances each facing a different direction. Each of these had a large gate at least 30 meters high.

And just outside were guards dressed in white robes. No one was allowed to enter unless they were part of the academy. Not even family members of the students were allowed to enter.

But today wasn't a regular day for the second-year students at Roland, for there was a rumour that their soon would be a new student entering their classes.

"Hey did you hear?"

"About what?"

"A new kid is coming into our classes today."

"Ah, yeah the person who got a perfect score on the written magical exam?"

"Yeah all the teachers and professors wouldn't shut up about it, it's never been done before."

"It's strange though, why is he joining in the second year, I thought Roland didn't accept transfers, I thought everyone had to start from the beginning no matter what."

"Well rumours are going around that he had a deadly sickness for the first year but because of his scores there letting him join us for the second year."

"He might be the son of some powerful noble, it best to become friends with him."

The class was full of energy as everyone was excited for the new transfer student that would be coming in. Inside the classroom Max, Slyvia's brother was uninterested in the new student that would be coming in today.

As soon as he learnt it was a boy, he quickly decided to put his head on the desk and fall asleep. It was amazing how he was still able to sleep with all the chatter that was going around him.

But the chatter in the room had almost come to a halt in an instant as a student had entered the room. He was a tall boy with silver long hair that covered his eyes and went up to his shoulders. It was the prince named Van.

As soon as Van entered the class and started to walk over to his seat, the room was deadly silent with a few mumbles of words here and there.

****

Before Ray was to enter the academy, Lenny decided to catch Ray up on his back story as a new student. The three of them were sat at a table inside the Boar's inn.

"What, you told them I was sick for the first year?" Ray said, "And what's this about a perfect score, I nearly know nothing about magic."

"Well, it was the only thing that made sense," Lenny replied. "And the academy wouldn't accept you without taking a test so I decided to take it for you. Who knew that the test would be so easy that I would get a perfect score."

For some reason, Ray felt like Lenny was bragging about his vast knowledge and it was annoying Ray a little.

"Anyway, once you are in the academy, you will no longer be able to contact us," Lenny said.

Although this wasn't true, Ray nodded like he agreed. After all the system would still allow him to contact with the Red wing's members but Lenny wasn't a part of the group.

"Boss, what would you like me to do?" Jack asked.

"Use this chance to grow stronger, perhaps the best way would be to take quests at the guildhall. Also, it seems like Slyvia is still doing research into the dragon hammer and other weapons similar to it. While I'm at the academy I won't be able to investigate if anything comes up, so make sure to keep in regular contact with her." Ray said.

"And Jack, if something goes wrong, don't hesitate to contact me. I don't want to lose another one."

*****

Inside the Roland academy grounds, Ray was currently getting a tour around the academy from one of the teachers. Ray didn't look like his usual self. On the advice of Lenny, Ray decided to alter his facial appearance slightly and change his hair colour to black.

Although the Red-haired treatment was nice for a change, Lenny was right. He didn't need any more attention from Roland then he had to. After all his main goal was to sneak into the academy and find out where the Divine being was located.

Even though he already knew where to meet the man the Divine being had tasked him to find and hand the crystal over to. He still didn't know why and before doing anything he wanted answers.

"Nes! What are you in such deep thought about?" The teacher asked. "Classes are about to begin soon so we need to hurry."

"Ah yes sorry," Ray replied.

While looking around the academy Ray had found no traces of where the divine being could be. Similar to the red door back at Avrion, it seemed like something was blocking his abilities and not only that. But his dragon eyes skill didn't work throughout the whole academy.

The whole place was like a small city and there were multiple places where they could hide the thing. It looked like the task was going to be harder than Ray originally thought.

Perhaps Ray would have to play the role as a Mage longer then he thought.

"You look like you might be a little nervous." The teacher said smiling at Ray. "A lot of our students here come from prestigious backgrounds and there are some who haven't. Unfortunately, this does cause some friction between our students. But with your background you shouldn't find it hard to fit in."

Ray suddenly felt like there was even more information that Lenny had forgotten to tell him.

"But I do have to say one thing, here if you are talented no matter what you will rise to the top. But many fall into despair at the hardsh.i.p.s in front of them. Unable to become a true magician. What about you Nes, what type of person are you?"

"If I am unable to use magic, then I will use my fist, if I can't use my fists, then I will use my mouth, and if I can't use that then I will use my words to change the world."

"What an interesting young boy." The teacher said as he held out his hand. "Let me be the first to say, welcome to Roland academy."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242 - The Shadows Guard
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Somewhere in the land of the shadow plague. Was a large fortress which had been built between two mountains. It laid across the mountains meaning there were only two routes of attack, unless people were brave enough to climb the mountains on either side which were filled with deadly high tier beasts.

The land of the shadow plague didn't look like the rest of the continent. Once the shadow plague had taken over there was no longer green life, the solid ground was changed black in colour and the rivers and water springs would change into lava.

Inside the fortress, on the tallest tower building, a meeting was taking place. At a large square table, 3 beings were sat on each side and at the end of the table was a technological device with a crystal embedded into it.

On one side of the table, Gary, Morfran and a man who wore a black-furred coat with a scar across his face were sat down. On the other side, was a female with long black hair and red eyes. She would have looked like a beautiful human if it wasn't for the wings that were on her back.

Next to the female were two males, one who looked thin and weak to the point where his bones could be seen on his body and the other, an old man who wore a cloak that covered his face.

The six of them had gathered at the fortress today for a special meeting. That's when the crystal in the centre started to light up. The image of an eye with wings was shown and a deep dark voice was heard.

"Welcome everyone, there is a new face with us today, I hope you all will welcome him into the shadow's guard with open arms."

A few of the others looked at Gary for a few moments before looking away in disgust.

"Have we grown so weak that we now have to accept a human into our ranks." The female said.

"Oh, do I have to remind you that I am human too?" Morfran replied, "I hope that you don't have a problem with me."

The winged female folded her arms and looked away ignoring Morfran's words.

??Now is the time when we need all the strength we can get." The hooded man said, "It seems like the divine being has started to make its move."

"Yes, it is true." The voice from the crystal said. "Before we had been paying too much attention in the empire and the threat from the other kingdoms. But now that little witch has decided to get involved and intervene. I'm afraid that Alure kingdom will become a thorn in our backside."

"Worry not master." The cloaked man said, "I have already sent news to our people at Roland, they will take care of the matter for us."

*****

Unlike at Avrion where knights were required to train for three years. Mage's at Roland had to study for a total of five years. It took a lot longer to learn how to harness and control the power of magic compared to that of Ki.

However, classes were slightly different at Roland. They weren't separated into year groups like a normal Academy. Instead, they were separated based on your skill level with magic. There were three classes in total, Lower class, Middle Class and Upper Class.

For the first two years at the academy, all students were to study in the Lower class. Then if they remained weak, they would stay in the Lower class or depending on their ability they could move up to the classes above.

The second-year students were able to take the termly assessment and get promoted into the class above.

Inside one of the classes at Roland academy. The teacher Del who had shown Ray around the school was introducing him into the class. The class was large in size with around fifty students each sat at their own desk.

"Alright, as you can see, we have a new student today who has joined us late, this was all because of a sickness the student had, please welcome, Nes Talen." Del said. "Please make sure to treat him with care into the academy."

Del then looked at Ray who stood by his side.

"Please go ahead and introduce yourself."

Ray was always horrible at these types of things but knew he would have to keep up the act if he didn't want to seem suspicious.

"Hello everyone, I hope we get along well," Ray said.

The students around the room started to whisper to themselves.

"Do you think he's a noble?"

"He's kinda handsome don't you think?"

"Yeah, but his introduction was lame, he didn't even say anything about himself."

While the students were busy talking amongst themselves, Ray started to scan the room. That's when he had spotted his target. At the back of the class was the Queen's son. Prince Van.

Prince Van sat there uninterested in what was happening and continued to look down at his desk, while it seemed like everyone else was ignoring him treating him as if he was invisible. Even the two seats next to Van where empty.

"I wonder why he's on his own?" Ray thought.

For some reason seeing Van be treated like an outcast brought up memories of Ray's past as a child in the village. It felt the same.

"Why don't you go and sit in that empty seat over there," Del said.

As Ray walked over to his seat, he couldn't help but think about how did Van get this way. Van didn't look ugly, in fact, he was quite handsome, he also didn't have any strange features.

Ray needed to find out why did the Divine being needed the prince involved in all this but before that, he needed to figure out what type of person Van was and why everyone was treating him so strangely. After all, he had promised the Queen and Ray was a Dragon of his word.

As Ray sat down in his seat 3 rows from the back. He felt someone tap him on his back.

"Hi," Max said. "Nice to meet you I'm Max, if you need anything around here then feel free to ask me," Max said.

"Please Max, even if you do become friends with him it won't do anything to improve your score." The teacher said.

All the students around started to laugh.

Ray had actually already met Max once before at the arena a long time ago. Although Max didn't recognise him because Ray currently was transformed and looked different but Ray remembered him and he remembered an important detail. When Ray asked Max about Amy his reaction suddenly seemed to change.

Now that they were together at Roland there was nowhere for Max to run off and hide.

****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, IcyShadow2323, Username1, prakashgedam, For the gifts they really help me continue my author Journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243 - First Day magic school
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The first set of classes were a struggle for Ray. The students had already started the term about a month ago, it seemed like they were in the middle of teaching a certain subject, although, Ray wasn't completely lost because of the time spent at Avrion studying.

There were many similarities between Ki and mana, but as soon as the teacher started to talk about spell formation and magic circles, Ray was kind of lost. The way the humans used magic was quite different to how he did as a dragon.

It was as if every spell was altered for the ease of use for a human with weak magical power, whereas for Ray that wasn't needed. And the current way he used abilities was even a mystery for himself. There was no effort on his part at all to cast some type of spell.

When the first classes ended, it was time for lunch and Ray was the centre attention of everyone. They had all rushed over to speak to him.

"Hey your name's Nes right, what a strange name I've never heard that before?

"Where are you from?"

"Do you have a magic teacher?"

"I bet these classes are easy for you."

All of this was of course because Ray was a new student but Ray was getting extra attention for getting a perfect score on the entrance exam. A feat that hadn't been done before. Ray was secretly cursing at Lenny for putting him in this awkward scenario.

No matter where Ray went people would talk about him. It happened at Break time, while walking around and even now at lunch.

"Beat it you guys, you're around him like a bunch of flies attracted to dung." Max said, "Besides the teacher asked me to show Ray around the school."

As Ray looked around the classroom, he noticed Van had disappeared from his seat and was nowhere to be seen.

"Where'd he go?" Ray thought.

"Hey Nes, let's go buddy," Max said with a big smile.

Ray did his best to give an awkward smile back.

Ray and Max were walking outside while Max would point out several buildings around the campus and what they were used for. It was a huge place that was at least four times bigger than Avrion academy.

"Yeah this place might be confusing at first because of how big it is but you should get used to it in a couple of days," Max said, "You know when I got here I was really excited, my older brothers had come here and achieved great things. Now each one of them is a high ranking official in the Alure kingdom army."

Then Suddenly Max seemed to get depressed.

"But my grades have been horrible ever since I got here and there doesn't seem like there will be any improvement. Then there's you who got a perfect score on the exam. I'm a little jealous."

As they continued to walk around, Ray noticed that there were certain areas that Max was avoiding altogether. When Del was showing him around Del had done the same.

"Hey, why don't we check out that area over there?" Ray asked pointing at a bunch of buildings.

"Oh, those areas are for the Upper and Middle-class students. "Max explained. "Although they are free to go where they want around the academy, the lower classes like us have to stay in this section of the academy."

Just then from the upperclassmen area, three students started to walk towards them. On their academy uniform just on their shoulder were three golden stripes. It stood out on the white blazer uniform.

These stripes indicated that they were part of the Upper class. Two stripes for the middle class and one stripe for the lower class.

In the centre of the upper-class students, stood a tall spikey brown-haired student.

"Hey, you're in teacher Del's class, right?" The student asked.

Max replied in an instant and was fidgeting constantly like he was nervous.

"Yes, I am."

"Yeah, I thought I might have seen you around the academy before, so how is that Freak doing in your class?"

Those words had suddenly caught Ray's attention. In the report he had received from the queen she stated that the students would often call her son names. But the one word that stuck out, was the word Freak.

"I don't really talk to him much," Max said rubbing his head. "But he seems to be doing fine."

"Really, oh well." The student said before walking back off in the direction they had come from with the other two.

As the two left, Max took in a deep breath as if now he could finally breathe.

"Man I thought they were going to skin me alive"

"Huh, what's wrong? Were you worried about something?" Ray asked.

"Look Nes, let me give you a piece of advice if you want to survive in this academy," Max said as he looked at Ray with fear in his eyes. "First thing, never go up against those in the upper class in this academy. Some people have tried to break down the order and these barriers in the school and have suffered grave consequences because of it."

A thought had popped into his head, Amy. Back at the village, Amy was different from everyone else. While all the kids Bullied Ray she stuck up for him, it was her stubborn nature. Ray couldn't help think that if Roland had a strange power system, that Amy would have tried to break it down and possibly suffered consequences because of it.

"What about the teachers, do they not do anything about it?" Ray asked.

"Do you know how many upperclassmen there are in this school?" There only around 30 of them. The school give them special privileges because they have proven to show the most potential out of all the students at Roland and this had also led them to have a smug attitude in its place."

"How strong are these upperclassmen?" With Ray's dragon eye skill being suppressed in the academy, he could no longer read the aura of others. To him right now Max seemed just as powerful as the three upperclassmen that had come over.

"One of them would be able to take on a hundred of us lower classmen with ease. Now on to the second rule, never anger Blake Sunshield."

"Who's that?"

"That was the person who had just come over, the spikey brown-haired guy. All of the Upperclassmen have an arrogant attitude but he's personality is especially fickle. If you anger him then he will make your school life hell for the rest of your days."

It seemed like Max was quite the talker and now was the right time to ask him questions. He couldn't ask about Amy because Ray technically wouldn't know who she was, he was never a first-year student so instead, he asked a different question.

"So what was this Freak person he was talking about?" Ray asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244 - New Roommate
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With afternoon classes cancelled for the day, Max was able to continue showing Ray around the whole academy. It really was like a city as the Academy had its own set of restaurants and shops based inside.

After Max had finished giving him a tour. He had dropped him off just outside a large square building. It was the dorm room building. Max went off to head inside and before he left he said if Ray needed anything to come and find him.

But honestly, Ray had enough talking to Max. He was starting to miss his companions Jack and Gary who never said much as they travelled. Ray felt like he had already done a month's worth of talking in a single day.

Before entering the dorm rooms, Ray thought back to the question he had asked Max earlier about why Blake had called Van the prince, a freak.

It seemed like once again Max started to feel nervous and tried to avoid the question, his answer was, "that's what happens if you mess with Blake and the upperclassmen.".

Just by the side of the dorm rooms was a smaller management office for the dorms. Ray pushed open the double doors and a sweet looking woman was standing behind the desk.

"Oh hello, I don't think I've seen you here before?" She said with a smile. The woman then started to look through a pile of papers she had been given. "Ah here it is, Nes Talen correct? I have been waiting for you. I'm afraid we haven't decided who your roommate will be yet so we are going to have to put you into temporary accommodation for now."

"I don't have a roommate?" Then Ray started to think back again to the information he had received from the Queen.

"Ah, isn't there one room without a roommate, I believe he goes by the Name Van Windboor?" Ray asked.

Windboor was an alias Van was using during his time at the Academy. When Van joined, he wanted to make sure that no one knew who he was. He wanted to not be treated any differently an enjoy his new life at the academy.

However, as soon as Ray had mentioned that name. The lady behind the desk started to sweat and seemed a little nervous.

"That room is… Maybe it's best if you just wait until I sought out a room for you with someone else?"

"I really don't care what room I'm in, so please just put me in with him."

In the end, Ray's persistence had paid off and she handed him a set of Keys. Ray then left the management office and entered the dorm rooms. Unlike the dorms at Avrion just from walking through the halls, he could tell the level of quality was different.

Instead of wooden floors, the whole flooring was made of marble and there didn't seem to be a speck of dirt anywhere.

After walking around for a while Finally, Ray had found the room he was in. If he could complete the Queen's task as soon as possible and find out why the Prince was an outcast, then Ray would be to complete his other tasks.

Ray had entered the room and it was completely dark inside. The lights hadn't even been turned on. When Ray turned to hit the switch, the room looked empty but it was fairly large for two people. They even had two soft double beds on opposite ends of the room.

That's when Ray noticed that Van was sleeping peacefully in his bed. Ray went to his bed and placed a few of his belongings down. There wasn't much because Ray was able to use his endless Void for these types of things. In Ray's bag was mostly things like food and water.

As soon as Ray placed the bag on the floor though, the noise had awoken Van. In an instant, Van sprung from his bed and tried to grab Ray on the shoulder. Out of instinct Ray grabbed Van by the wrist and twisted it causing Van to go on one Knee.

"What do you think you're doing?" Ray asked.

Van just continued to scorn at Ray, and as soon as Ray let go, he went back to his bed to continue sleeping.

"Is there something wrong with this kid." Ray thought.

****

It was now night time and most of the students were asleep in their dorm rooms. But somewhere on the academy floor grounds, a hooded man was standing outside looking around for someone. The man was consistently fidgeting afraid that he might be seen.

Then the man heard a deep dark voice from behind.

"Professor, I am here." The deep voice said.

As the professor turned around, he could see another human-shaped figure in a black cloak. However, when the professor looked at the man's face nothing could be seen but shadows. The person the professor was talking to was a true infected from the shadow plague."

"You know the more you try to contact me in the academy, the more likely we are to get caught."

"That is not a problem of mine but a problem of yours." The infected said. "It is time to act, we have been ordered to sabotage the academy from within to weaken the power of Alure kingdom and in turn weaken the power of the Divine being."

"Unfortunately, I have still yet to locate the Divine being, otherwise we could rid the thing right now."

"I thought you said you would find it soon!?" The infected said in an angered voice.

"Yes, but the academy even keeps secrets from the teachers like me, it was an unexpected outcome. Please I just need more time." The professor begged.

"Fine you can have more time but know this, the shadow will not be patient any longer. Soon we will act weather you are still apart of this academy or not."

The shadow man then disappeared with his final words lingering in the professor's head.

****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, Jennifer_Thiel, ShiroDN, Lucifer_119, Isaac_Lopez_3223, and AsuraNineThoughts for the gifts you guys are all great and hope you continue reading and supporting the story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245 - Making a friend
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The morning sun had arrived and it was time for Ray to get ready for his classes. As he woke up and looked around him, he felt unfamiliar with the room. Roland was clearly a place of luxury with top of the line furniture everywhere. It was something Ray couldn't get used to living his whole human life in a village and then at Avrion.

It was the morning rush so most students got out at the same time in the morning to grab some food at the canteen. Van was still lying there in his sleep, so Ray decided to go out on his own. As he closed the room's door behind him and looked up.

He noticed that everyone was looking at him. If it wasn't because of Ray's super hearing he would have thought it was just because he was the new kid but it wasn't.

"Hey did he just come out of that room?"

"Does that mean he's sharing a room with the freak?"

"What terrible luck."

The situation was worse than Ray thought. For the students to act like this just because he was sharing a room with a student. As Ray walked throughout the school it seemed like nearly all the students were already talking about it. The news had spread around fast.

While walking down the hallway. Max suddenly spotted Ray and pulled him away from everyone and headed to one of the empty storage rooms where no one could hear or see what the two of them were talking about.

"Hey Nes, I heard that you're sharing rooms with Van, is it true?" Max asked.

"Yeah, what's so wrong about that?"

Max's face suddenly dropped.

"This is bad, maybe I should have explained to you yesterday, you have to change your room, if the upper clansmen find out you're associated with Van, they will target you as well. "

"For such a petty reason like that, if they want to come to attack me for a reason like that, then so be it," Ray replied.

Again, Max's face was beginning to look like a ghost. He was trying his best to explain to Ray but it looked like Ray was unafraid. Max could only assume it was because he was new at the academy. He didn't know how scary these people were.

"Look, let me explain…" As Max was about to say something, he suddenly stopped midsentence as he saw a shadow standing behind Ray just behind a pile of boxes.

"Ahh!" Max cried like a little girl.

As the person stepped forward, they noticed who it was. It was Van, he had been in the storage room with them the whole time while the two of them were discussing things.

"What the, he was here the whole time?" Ray thought.

It was quite difficult for Ray to sense things these days. He realised that he had become too reliant on his dragon eyes to tell him where and if people were somewhere. But now he didn't have the dragon eyes anymore it was like he had lost another sense of his.

As Van moved from the pile of boxes, he continued to walk towards the door without saying a word to the two of them.

"Hey, Van." As soon as Ray said those words to call out to him, Max immediately pulled on Ray's hand to stop him.

"Hey what are you doing, that's the freak of Roland." Max said, "I'm telling you, you will be in trouble if you get involved with him".

But Ray decided to ignore his words. He knew how Van must have felt being called all these names inside the academy. How to be treated as an outcast.

"Hey, why don't me and you talk for a bit," Ray asked. Hoping he could find out what Van was like.

"No thanks," Van said as he continued to walk off.

For some reason, Van's attitude annoyed Ray a little. He wasn't used to people not listening to him these days.

"Arghh what are you doing?" Max said annoyed. "Remember when I told you not to bother the upperclassmen and specially to look out for the student named Blake. Well, Blake has personally made Van his target."

"But why, would could have happened last year that made the whole school react like this?"

Even Ray had never experienced something this drastic at his time at Avrion.

"The reason why?" Max said, "the truth is… I don't know."

"Useless," Ray said annoyed as he tried walking away.

"Wait, I mean of course I know something but I'll sound crazy," Max explained. "Long before the whole school got involved, Blake for some reason had already made Van his target but the students decided to ignore it like everything else that happens at school. But then everything started to change when an incident happened last year, I don't know the whole thing but in one of the training hall's they said he snapped and turned into a vicious creature badly hurting some of the other students. At the time classes were completely cancelled as they tried to investigate what happened? Like I said I don't know the whole details but these are the rumours."

"He transformed?" Ray thought, the way Max had described it, it sounded like something similar to what Jack was able to do, with changing into a werewolf but there weren't many types like that in this world. Where the rumours juts over exaggerated?

"So what are you going to do?" Ray asked, "Are you going to start avoiding me like everyone else?"

Max nervously smiled, he couldn't help but think Ray was a little crazy but something was attracting him to this person and he didn't know why.

As the two of them left the storage room and started to head for class, they noticed that the students were still looking at both of them more than ever. It was as much attention as Ray had received yesterday but the thought and words seemed to all be negative.

When the two of them entered the classroom, Ray could see Van sitting on his own at the back of the class with the two empty seats by either side.

When Ray looked at Van's lonely face, he felt a deep feeling of familiarity. Even though Van would probably be able to solve all his problems by using his real name, he chose not to. So why didn't Van choose to do anything?

Well, there was only one way to find out.

The whole class was stunned by Ray's next action as he went to sit by the empty seat by Van's side and Max by the other. Although Max held both his hands on his head, wondering just what on earth had he gotten himself into.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246 - Declaring War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Classes had started and Del was currently giving a lecture about the history of mages and the shadow plague.

"There are many theories on who the Divine being was but the most probable one is the fact that she was a powerful mage. They said that she was originally born in the Empire and then later started to explore the lands for herself. But one day she had disappeared and something else arrived in her place. That's when the Shadow's had started their move. It was as if they knew that humanity had significantly been weakened. Our goal as mages is to help fight back against the shadow, just as the Divine being once did." Del said.

Del continued to speak.

"However, only mages that have broken through are able to truly fight those shadows as they are frighteningly strong. If any of you were to face a True infected, I guarantee you would be dead in an instant."

Everyone's face was deadly frightened as the teacher went through images of what the True infected looked like and how they fought in battle. A lot of the students in Roland, for the first time were seeing the strength of the enemy.

There were videos of Knights and mages attacking a True infected but the shadows around him would just block the attacks or regrow its limbs.

Of course, Ray yawned while watching the video. At this point, he was already a veteran in going against the shadow.

"I hate to say it but it wasn't too long ago that we had no clue how to deal with these things." said Del, "The kingdom had hidden it from the public but we felt like the True infected where truly unkillable and we had yet to kill a single one. That was when out knights at Avrion uncovered important information, the True infected were using a powerful illusion. It's constantly using its power to make you think you are hurting it when you are not. The only way to kill a True infected is to destroy the heart."

Unknown to Del, that the very person who had uncovered this fact was Ray himself. The information was a turning point for the war against the shadow.

With the lecture over it was time for lunch with the students. Ray looked over at Van and decided, he needed to get to know him. Not just for the divine being but also to keep his promise to the Queen. He had already told her that he would help out.

At first, it was just a simple mission that Ray agreed to, but now he wanted to find out more for personal reasons.

"Hey Van, do you want to head for lunch with us two?" Ray asked.

But Van was unresponsive and Max and Ray decided to head to the canteen themselves.

This was going to be a hard task for Ray as he had never tried to become friends with a human before and didn't really know what to say.

"Hey did you hear, that someone is trying to become friends with the freak?"

"What, does he have a death wish!?"

"Yeah, I here there even sharing the same rooms and now they're sitting next to each other in class."

"Who is it?"

"It's that new kid that arrived yesterday."

"Oh, so is it because he doesn't know anything then, after all, he just arrived at the school right?"

"Well if he does know, then wouldn't it be like he is declaring a war against the upperclassmen."

Just then as the two students were talking, a large figure had approached behind them.

"Hey you two, that thing you were talking about, I would like to hear more about it." The student said.

The student had two stripes on his shoulder indicating that he was a middle-class student in the school.

****

In the canteen it was as Max had expected, now all the students weren't only avoiding Van, but it looked like they were now avoiding him and Ray too.

"Look Nes, it seems like you're a good guy and you're just trying to help out but we're going to become an enemy of the whole school at this rate just because of one person. With just the two of us, there's no way we can change anything and besides, it's not even like Van is appreciating what you are trying to do for him. Here you are sticking your neck out for him and it's like he doesn't even acknowledge you exist."

Ray was deep in thought, unlike Max who was worried about the student's Ray didn't care. According to Lenny, Ray was strong enough to deal with nearly any of the students any time he wanted. The strong ones he needed to watch out for were the teachers who had already broken through.

And Max was wrong about Van, He did care, while in class Ray noticed that Van hadn't written a single word in his notebook. The presence of the two of them was clearly affecting him.

Max then placed his head down into the table.

"Why me, my friends who were just talking to me yesterday now don't even talk to me anymore."

"Hey what about me?" Ray said with a smile.

"This isn't a joke," Max said.

Although Ray really felt like this whole thing was a joke. The problems Max had were nothing compared to what Ray had going on in the outside world.

"Well if you're that worried, then all we need is allies on our side right? Just create a group and then we will no longer have to worry about them."

"Nes it's not that simple…" However, before Max could finish his sentence, he felt a hand on his shoulder.

"We have some business to discuss with the two of you." The student said.

Standing behind Max was a total of six students, each one of them were in the middle class, a rank above Max and Ray.

"Nes Talen, and Max Heart right?" Said the student, "Why don't you too come with us, someone wants to speak to you."

***

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, Ekwuruke_Samuel, Robert_Burkhard, Isaac_Lopez_3223, and Jennifer_Thiel These gifts are so special and really help thank you. If you haven't already Join the discord we have a good community growing. Link in Synopsis. Will be posting some art work of characters from the novel as thanks soon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247 - A Threat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Max's body couldn't stop trembling as he could feel the hand of the middle-class student on his shoulder.

"What do we do?" Max mouthed out to Ray hoping that he would be able to help.

"Alright fine," Ray said, "We will be happy to head off with you two."

While the two of them followed the middle-class student, Ray noticed they were taking them to the part of the academy where the Lower-class students weren't allowed. Ray had to prepare himself for the possibility of a fight.

All of his equipment was in his endless void but then a thought came into his head, that Ray had to be careful not to expose himself. If he ever did get into a fight at the academy, he needed to try his best just to use his magical abilities to win.

And because of the information, Lenny had put down claiming that Ray was a fire mage. Right now, Ray only had a single fire skill. Fireball.

Finally, after walking with the second-year students for a while they had arrived just outside one of the middle-class buildings. Other then it being in a different area, the lower-class building looked the same as the middle-class building.

The second-year students had escorted them to a large man with a ponytail whose name was Nano and just like the others Nano to had two stripes on his shoulder indicating that he was a middle-class student.

"We brought them over here just like you asked." One of the second-year students said.

"Thanks, you guys can go ahead and leave now." As Nano said that his goons had done as he asked.

Nano then walked over to Max and Ray, his large body towering over theirs. Max was afraid just from the size and height of the person but Ray felt like he was only large compared to student standards.

Nano stood about 6 foot 5, Whereas Lenny was truly a tall man. Lenny was so tall that Ray had suspected the man might contain giant blood running through his veins or at least learnt a skill to make him taller. So Nano height didn't intimidate him one bit.

"What do you want?" Ray said making sure to sound annoyed.

Even if he was hiding his secret at the academy, Ray wasn't going to get pushed around by humans.

"Shouldn't you know already?"

"If I did, why would I ask?" Ray said smiling.

"Oh, I guess you really don't know, you are a new student after all and the fact that you're talking to me a middle-class student so fearlessly proves you don't know your place yet."

"The fact that you are talking to a higher being a dragon, maybe you don't know your place." Ray wanted to say but he bit his tongue.

"I'm going to give you a warning, don't hang out with that freak or we will get involved," Nano said.

"I don't understand." Ray said, "There is a freak in Roland, I haven't seen anyone who would look like a freak?"

"You know what I'm talking about, perhaps you sympathise with him, or you're doing it to make yourself feel better treating him nicely. But I'm telling you now. If you don't listen to my warning, you are the one who will truly suffer in this academy."

"Are you threatening me?" Ray asked clenching his fist.

Nano could see this and placed his face right over Ray's.

"Interpret my words however you like."

*****

After the tense confrontation with the middle-class students, Max and Ray went to relax on a nearby outside bench.

"Now will you finally listen to me. "Max said, "They blatantly came out and said if you continue to get involved, they're going to attack us."

Ray thought about it for a while, there were two options he could use to deal with this. Either he could beat the students to a pulp, or solve it politically.

Ray was more inclined to go with the second option as Lenny had given him advice before entering the academy. He didn't know enough about the other students. According to Lenny, many Nobles spread through Alure kingdom sent their family members here.

What Ray needed now more than ever was to gather strong members into his army to fight against the shadow in a year's time. Ray had to be careful who he allied with and who he went up against in this academy if he had any hopes of recruiting them in the future.

And if he went around beating up all his future allies then, Ray could only blame himself when the time had come and Ray needed their help.

"Hey, Max you're from the heart family right?" Ray asked, "Maybe you will be able to gather some information. Out of all the students get information on which ones would be able to ally with us, or are powerful enough to go against Blake's family. People who at least have the same backing as Blake, I doubt that the only reason the academy is turning a blind eye is because of his potential but I suspect it has something to do with his background as well."

Without anyone realising it though, Van actually had the strongest backing in all of Roland with the Queen as his mother, but for some reason, Van was hiding this.

"It's time we investigate into this?" Ray said.

"Investigate, what do you mean?"

"Well let's just go and ask Van what happened, you never know maybe he will tell us."

Ray had made up his mind, even though he had to be careful who he fought with there was one person he couldn't forgive and that was Blake. It was clear that Blake was the one who sent Nano to deliver that message. According to Max, Nano was practically Blake's right-hand man.

If he couldn't get the information from Van about what happened, then he would just have to go with plan B and beat it out of Blake.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248 - Not caring
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Currently inside the Principals office. Van was there to deliver some gifts to the old man. The principal was a gentle soul who always wore the same clothing, a tattered long white robe. He was an old man with a white beard that reached his waist and behind his round circle classes, he had wrinkles around his eyes that showed his age.

Van always found it strange that principal Harvey decided to keep up this appearance. He was a powerful Mage and was sure that he knew a spell or two to look younger. But for some reason, Harvey had decided to stay the way he was.

In return for Van's gifts, Harvey had given Van a pile of fruit but before he had left, Harvey had to say something.

"Van, I shall ask you one more time, are you sure everything is going okay at the academy?"

"Yes," Van replied.

"You do know that me and your mother are close, it's thanks to her that Roland could have even been built in this city. Your mother is worried about you."

"There is nothing wrong," Van replied

Harvey shook his head. He was the principal of the school and had reports given to him on a daily basis about what the students were up to. Of course, he knew the situation going on with Van. He didn't know the full extent but he knew something.

"I'm just asking Van, if you do not seek help, then the school can do nothing to protect you."

****

Meanwhile, Ray was currently walking around the school aimlessly in search for Van. Hoping to ask just what had happened to him a year ago. Ray would constantly stop and ask random students in the hallway but as soon as they saw him, they decided to split off and disappear. Not a single student would allow him to approach them.

That's when Ray heard the sound of a female voice behind him.

"If you're looking for who I think you're looking for, I saw him head off to the east side building"

As Ray turned around, he saw a beautiful female with long black hair, she had piercing purple eyes but her expression was emotionless as she spoke. But that wasn't what stood out to him the most, because the female looked like a younger version of one the people he hated most.

Ray immediately grabbed the female by both hands and shouted.

"You witch, what did you do to me!"

The female was suddenly startled as she looked into Ray's eyes. She could feel the anger and the grip around his hands tightening.

"What are you doing!" She shouted, "You're hurting me."

Then when Ray realised, he had let his rage consume him, he let go of the student. With a second look, Ray realised that the two of them only resembled each other. The so-called Divine being and Witch that he battled with was a middle-aged woman but the student in front of him looked 17 at most, there was the chance she could be using a spell but Ray quickly remembered that the Divine being was currently just a lump of crystals.

"I'm sorry." Ray said as he walked off, "And thank you for the information."

"What was wrong with him." The female thought, "I hope I never run into him again."

As Ray headed to the east side building, Ray suddenly realised something else. In his vision, he had not only seen the prince fighting by his side but also a female with long black hair carrying a wand. He hadn't seen the females face clearly like he had the prince but Ray had his suspicions that this Female was the same person.

The fact that Ray was meeting these people from the vision the Divine being had shown him, made Ray feel sick. He didn't like it at all. As if he was being controlled by the Divine being to follow some fate he never asked for. It was like his own life wasn't in control.

Ray had reached the top of one of the buildings and headed outside to the balcony to look at the east side of the academy. There were several students outside walking between buildings trying to get to their next class.

Ray started to scan the field of people and that's when he finally saw Van walking on his own. Ray was about to call out to him when he realised there were many people out on the street.

"If I call out to him in public, then the upperclassmen will know I'm going against their order, won't they just come after me?" For a second Ray thought about Nano's words. If everyone saw he was trying to talk to Van they would inform the upperclassmen and that would cause Ray trouble.

But as Ray looked at Van, he had another thought, "Since when did I start doing what people asked me to do."

"HEY! VAN OVER HERE!" Ray shouted, "I NEED TO TALK TO YOU!"

In that instant that Van heard his name. He immediately started running away.

"Oh, so you think you can outrun me huh, well think again."

Ray then jumped off from the roof of the building and landed on the ground. As he did, he placed the Ki in his legs to suppress his landing and hardening his bones. Making sure not to break anything. Then using his Ki once again, Ray accelerated his way towards Van at an incredible speed.

"I said wait!" Ray shouted out to Van.

"Hey did you just see that?" A student said.

"Yeah, he jumped from the third floor of that building, how the hell did he survive that?"

"And did you see how fast he ran just now, do you think it was a magic spell?"

"Could you jump from that high?"

"Not unless I had wind magic"."

Then as a few students walked over to where Ray had landed, they noticed something else as well. The ground where Ray had landed on, had two small craters in the exact shape of his feet.

"What the hell?" The student's said, "how is this possible? If he used wind magic there shouldn't be something like this. Just who is that new student?"

****

Special thanks to alvaro17, Isaac_Lopez_3223, Fenrir2040, Jonathan_Stewart, Ekwuruke_Samuel , and Robert_Burkhard, for the gifts. They really help me continue writing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249 - Upper classmen trouble
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray continued to chase after Van through the crowds of people and the streets of Roland academy and it was only attracting the eyes of more and more people witnessing the chase between the two.

"What the hell?" Ray thought "Why is this guy so fast, I'm actually trying to catch up to him but the distance isn't' closing."

Ray was currently using Ki to enhance the speed in his legs but he wasn't giving it his all. He didn't want to stand out too much from the students watching.

"All right then, I'll just have to use a bit more."

As Ray increased the amount of Ki so did his speed and when he got closer, he reached his hand out to touch Van's shoulder, but as Van turned around and saw Ray catching up, Van once again increased his speed.

However, while Van was running, he still held the fruit basket that he had received as a gift from the principal.

The increase in speed caused an apple to fall out of the basket and hit Ray right in the face exploding on impact.

That's when Van suddenly stopped.

"Oh, I'm sorry I didn't mean to."

"Sorry!" Ray said, "Don't use that word unless you mean it, just why are you running away from me in the first place?"

"Well you started running after me, so I naturally started running away. "

"What? That makes no sense, you were the one who started running first."

As Van was speaking, he started to look around, he noticed that they were now near the upper-class tier buildings. That's when he spotted three students sitting next to each other on a nearby bench and one of them was Blake.

"Hey what the hell, are you even listening!" Ray shouted.

But as Ray's voice was raised the upperclassmen who had been busy chatting away suddenly looked up to see what was going on and that's when Blake had spotted Van.

"Anyway." Ray said, "I need to ask you a few things/"

But as soon as Ray took a step forward, Van's face suddenly dropped with fear.

"Don't come!" Van shouted.

Ray was a bit shocked at this reaction. So far Van had been avoiding him but never reacted like he was scared or frightened.

"Please just don't come close to me," Van said

Instead of listening to Van's words though, Ray decided to continue to walk forward.

"Do you really think I will listen to you just because you said so." Now Ray stood directly in front of Van. "Now what are you going to do?"

Just then Ray could now also be seen by the upperclassmen who were keeping an eye on Van. That's when Blake spotted Ray, although they had met once before with Max. Blake didn't really pay much attention and had already forgotten about him.

"Hey who's the kid?" Blake asked.

****

Ray had then stepped back away from Van to ease up the pressure a little.

"Look, I'm not trying to cause a fight. As I said, I just wanted to ask some questions?" Said Ray.

"Who wanted to ask some questions?" Blake said as he suddenly appeared behind Van.

"Now who would want to talk to this freak?" Blake then kicked the back of Van's legs causing him to stumble to his knees and then placed his foot on top of Van's back.

"I'm asking you, what your business is little low-class boy?"

Then Ray immediately moved right over to where the two of them were and pushed Blake with a single hand causing him to lose balance and fall off Van.

"Who the heck does he think he is placing his foot on people as he chooses," Ray said. "Now let's go somewhere quiet."

But just then, Ray felt a hand place on top of his head.

"It looks like someone here has a death wish." Blake said, "You little low-class sc.u.m."

Ray then turned his head and looked directly into Blake's eyes.

"Hey, do you mind moving your hand, you're hurting me a little?"

"Do you know who you're talking to?"

"Of course." Said Ray as he grabbed Blake's hand off his head. "You are the upperclassmen who is said to have huge potential at this school, right?"

"What's with this brat's strength, I can't move my arm. "Blake thought.

Just then the commotion between the three of them had also caused quite a crowd to form.

"Hey isn't that the new kid and the freak."

"Yeah and that's Blake, I can't believe what the kids doing."

"Shouldn't someone go call a teacher before this gets out of hand."

"Hey Crunk, chuck it over here!" Blake shouted to one of the other upper-class classmates that was standing nearby.

Just then Crunk chucked out what looked like a beast crystal which Blake managed to catch mid-air.

"Looks like I will need to teach you a lesson, you little low-class brat." Blake said, "Here if low-class messes with an upper-class this is what happens."

Suddenly the beats crystal started to glow and at the same time, it seemed like the power was surging from the stone into Blake himself.

"Is he using the raw beast core as a wand, and it looks like it's at least an advanced tier at that. How the hell can a kid like him afford one." Ray thought. "Damn it looks like I overdid it with my teasing, with everyone watching here if I use my fighting skills everyone will find out."

"Ha, what you scared, Well it's too late." The beast core started to glow even brighter as more power searched into his body.

"Maybe it's best if we run. It looks like he's able to use the beast core to amplify his mana powers. If I fight back, I might have to use more than just my fireball skill."

That's when suddenly Van had pushed Ray to one side and stood in front of him.

"This is why I told you not to get close to me, those who do only get hurt, now run," Van said. "I will do something about this."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250 - The blonde girl
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Van said he would take care of Blake. Ray didn't have much confidence in him. Just looking at Van, Ray could tell he was afraid. His whole body was shaking and it looked like his knees were about to buckle any second now.

But this was a first for Ray, someone who was clearly weaker than himself had decided to stand in front of him and try to protect him. The two of them didn't even know each other that well.

"Ha, what a laugh, and now the freak thinks he can do something!" Blake shouted. "I guess it has been a long time since I reminded you about what you had done a year ago."

Then Blake started to move forward at incredible speed.

"Time to remind you who you are freak!" Blake then grabbed Van's head with a single hand and pushed his head down to the floor. "Time to show you hell."

The magic power that Blake had been gathering started to leave his body and slowly enter into Van's. Then as Van's mind went to black, he started to see visions. It was of a blonde female covered in blood smiling at him, wearing the same Roland uniform.

The bloody student walked over to Van.

"What's wrong?" The female voice said.

Then from outside Ray's voice could be heard.

"Van! Van wake up!" Ray shouted, but it was no use.

Ray could sear the fear in Van's eyes as if he was seeing things but Van wasn't conscious.

"Did he use an illusion spell?" Ray thought.

"Hey! What have you done to him?" Ray said as he turned his head towards Blake.

"I thought that freak might have forgotten what happened last year, so I decided to remind him why his life Is hell at this school?"

"What happened last year?" Ray thought.

"As I said, I had to punish him because he didn't know his place." Then Blake lifted his hand which was slightly glowing. "Now it's time for me to punish you so you know your place as well."

Ray clenched his fist doing everything he could do hold back killing Blake right now.

"Maybe there are some horrible memories you wouldn't like to be shown again? With this spell, I can help you remember every painful second of it."

"That's it," Ray mumbled, "He needs to be dealt with. Sc.u.m like him doesn't deserve to live on this planet."

As Ray stepped forward, he started to gather Ki in his fist. A single powerful punch was all it would take.

However, before Ray could get any closer a person shouting from behind was heard.

"What is happening here?"

A young man wearing a professor's robe had appeared named Flynn. He was cleanly shaven and looked just old enough to be a student at the academy, never mind a professor.

"Blake, you know it is forbidden to fight on the school grounds," Flynn said. That's when he spotted Van on the floor still shaking about uncontrollably, still stuck in his vision.

"Hey you quick, help me take him to the medical department!"

****

Just outside the principal's office, many students were peeping just outside the door. They were interested to hear about a meeting that was currently going on between the new student.

"Now Nes, there have been reports that you jumped off from the third-floor building without any problems, is that true?" Harvey asked with a smile.

"No," Ray replied with a straight face.

"Really? Because there have also been reports that you ran around the campus chasing after Van at incredibly high speeds."

"This is the first time I have heard of such a thing."

"Ha, ha, Yes I thought they couldn't be true," Harvey said laughing.

The students outside were just close enough that they were able to hear the conversation between the two.

"What the, how could he lie so easily, I saw everything with my own eyes."

"Yeah, I saw it too."

Harvey then proceeded to pick up the report that he had been given.

"Of course, these things wouldn't be true, after all, how could someone who has a weak frail sick body like yours be able to do things such as this."

At this moment and time, Ray couldn't help but curse at Lenny for the back story he had given him. Lenny had informed the students the reason for him missing the entire first year at Roland academy, was due to a sickness he had obtained.

"Well please be careful," Said Harvey," We wouldn't your sickness too come back and hurt you again, besides if a low-class student like yourself gets into trouble with an upper-class student it can greatly affect your life," Harvey said.

Was this the principles way of telling him that he would turn a blind eye at whatever the upperclassmen did. Ray had heard that the Upperclassmen got special treatment from the principal because of the potential in power, but to outright do something like this was unheard of.

****

While Ray was heading back to his room, he continued to look for Van on the way. Something had happened that Blake knew about between him and Van in the first year and Ray needed to find out what it was.

That's when Max came over and spotted Ray.

"Nes! Is it true, I heard that you got into a fight with Blake, what did I tell you about avoiding him at all cost, I told you he was bad news. Anyway, are you hurt?"

"Me, I'm fine but Van," Ray said with a said expression.

"He's dead!" Max said horrified.

"No not dead, don't just go killing him like that."

"But the expression on your face."

"Anyway, I can tell you what happened later, let's go look for him."

The two of them once again started to go around asking student's if they had seen Van anywhere. It took a while as most of the students would avoid the two of them as usual, until they had finally found him inside one of the storage rooms where they had first met.

"What are you doing here?" Van said.

"Van, I want to know, why does Blake call you a Freak?" Ray asked.

*****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, prakashgedam, Isaac_Lopez_3223, DarkShadow_DS, alvaro17, and Jonathan_Stewart for the gifts. These really help me out guys thank you again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251 - The Empires backing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Originally when Ray started his search for Van, it was a task set to him by the queen. As a favour for helping him join the academy, Ray decided he would help find out why her son was being bullied and being called a freak in school.

Then when Ray found out the Divine being had tasked this person with a great task, Ray's own personal interest was piqued. If this person was to travel with him in the future Ray wanted to know what he was like.

And finally, after seeing what happened in the academy, Ray forgot about all the reasons before. He felt like he was able to connect with Van on some level and now Ray truly wanted to help him.

"Please just leave me alone," Van said, "Why are you trying so hard to get involved, it's none of your business?"

"Are you really okay with people calling you names, Monster, Freak, weirdo. It might be something that will happen for your whole life."

"Yeah… I'm fine with it, because I deserve to be called all those things."

That's when Max pulled Ray to one side.

"Look see, he said he deserves this, case closed, now let's go."

Ray was amazed by how different Max was compared to his sister Slyvia. She was brave strong and always used her brain, where it felt like Max was the complete opposite. Trying to get out of things as soon a possible but Max was loyal and had stuck by Ray's side through all the crazy things they did.

"Fine," Ray said, "If you don't want to talk about it, then I will just go talk to Blake." Then Ray started to walk off with Max out of the room while Van looked at Ray's back.

Van clenched his fist struggling inside with what to do, why did Ray care so much about his situation in the first place?

While the two were walking down the hallway Max couldn't help but worry about what Ray was planning to do.

"Nes, You can't be serious right, you're not really going to go talk to Blake?"

"Of course not, even if I did go talk to him do you think he would just give me an answer?" Ray replied.

"Then what are you going to do?"

For that, Ray didn't have an answer.

******

After having a confrontation with Ray and seeing how unafraid he was. Blake had asked his friends to gather as much information as possible. In one of the open meeting rooms In the upper-class building. Blake and two of his friends were discussing the information.

Crunk held a piece of paper in his hand and started to read it out loud.

"His name is Nes Talen, he didn't attend the first year at Roland academy apparently because of a really bad illness. It also states that he had had a weak body ever since he was young."

"Weak, sick, if you asked me it didn't look like he was sick," Blake said.

"He is now currently roommates with Van and they also attend the same class. Also, Max heart has been seen hanging around with them a lot."

"Anything else?" Blake asked.

"Yeah, he was the first person to ever receive a perfect score on the admission test. It's why they allowed him to join as a second-year student rather than a first-year."

"Now it's all starting to make sense, that brat was so arrogant just because he got a perfect score on a stupid test."

"What are you planning to do?"

Blake then grabbed the advance beast crystal that was on a table by his side and held it in his hand.

"Of course, we need to teach those arrogant bottom feeders to never go against us upperclassmen again."

****

It was now night time, and with everything that had been going on for the last few days, Ray needed time to clear his mind. Unlike at Avrion, there was no public roof on the dorm. Since most of the building was slanted roofs on the top.

But that didn't bother Ray and he decided to climb on top of the roof and look out at Roland. In the distance, surrounding the city Ray could see the glowing orbs that protected the city from ariel attacks. Ray started to think back as his time as a dragon, the human race had no such thing.

They truly had advanced in all these years. With nothing else to do and his progress going slow at the academy he decided to contact Jack using the system.

"Hey boss, how are you doing?" Jack said, "Did you manage to make any new friends at the academy?"

"That's not what's important, I'm struggling with the queen's request at the moment, it seems like Van doesn't want any help. It's strange, here it's like all the students have been hypnotized by someone and targeting the prince. All calling him freak or monster."

"Sounds a bit like you boss when you first joined Avrion, why don't you just do the usual and shut them up with your fist."

"Well, it seems like this Blake Dornway person is behind it, and I was about to today but stopped myself."

"Dornway?" A females voice said.

"Oh is that Martha, it seems like she has arrived at Roland then."

After Monk had left Avrion city, Martha had been obsessed with wanting to do something to get him back. She was causing a disturbance to the whole city always asking Slyiva what they should do. In the end, Slyvia decided it would be best to send Martha to team up with Jack to grow the guild's presence.

"Yes of course." Martha replied," The Dornway family are a famous clan of Noble's who have produced many top tier magicians in the world. In fact, it is said that the head of the family is working for the empire at the moment."

"Well if that's true then no wonder everyone's afraid to touch him, even if they were to find out that Van was the son of the queen it wouldn't stop someone coming from the empire," Jack added.

Ray didn't know too much about the political affairs of the outside world. After all, he was always just concerned about him and his task he had set himself.

"Ask Lenny to look into the Dornway's family background more, if the head of the family is a high ranking official in the empire it could start another war regardless of the current war against the shadow."

Learning more information about Blake didn't help Ray at all. He thought back to the incident earlier today where he had nearly hit Blake. If he did that would have been a serious problem and he would have been kicked out of the academy.

But Blake was sometimes taking things to far, and Ray wondered how much longer he could hold himself back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252 - Mass teleportation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The young professor Flynn was urgently rushing about around the school's campus, until he had finally reached his destination. In full force, he barged through the door in front of him.

"Professor Springett!" But as Flynn entered the large empty training room, he realised that the person he was looking for was nowhere to be seen and instead professor Del, Ray's homeroom teacher was inside.

"Sorry about that, have you seen professor Spirngett anywhere?"

Del was currently sitting on the ground with a brush, making several strokes on the floor as if he was drawing something.

"Today, I don't think I have," Del replied.

"I wonder where she went?" Flynn thought rubbing his head.

"Oh, what's this?" Flynn said looking at the floor Del was drawing on. "Oh I know, perhaps that is the teleportation circle we will be using for the lower classes practical training. It looks really complicated, I could never make something like this."

The Training Room was large in size and in the middle of the room behind a glass case was a large beast crystal. There was a strong power radiating off it, meaning it was at least of the Super tier or perhaps even higher.

Around the crystal was a magic circle that Del had been carefully drawing this whole time. In order for the teleportation circle to be used on so many students at once, a powerful beast crystal was needed.

"Yes, it is hard work," Del replied.

"I heard that it will transport them to a prepared training space with pre-prepared beasts. This year training session should be the most advanced yet."

"Of course." Said Del "Since it's the first training session of the year we've got to make sure everything is done right. We can't have any of our precious students hurt now can we."

"As expected of the teleportation master Del."

*****

Inside the classroom, one of the classes had just finished and the students were busy chatting away. That's when Max came out of nowhere and slammed a pile of papers on Ray's desk.

"What's all this?" Ray asked.

"Well you're planning to go against Blake right, then we need allies." Max said, "Here is a list of all the people who either don't like Blake or at least have some sought of power to resist his temptation."

"Wow, you got all this in one day, impressive." Ray couldn't help but think that Max reminded him of Kyle a little. Kyle used to always know the latest information and was able to talk to whomever he wanted freely.

"Are you telling me that everyone on this list has the power to go against Blake?" Ray asked.

Max pulled a nervous smile.

"No, not exactly, I just looked into those that were nobles or were at least high scoring students."

Suddenly, Ray felt like he was unimpressed with the list. After learning about Blake's background from Jack and Martha, Ray knew that they needed more than high scoring students and Nobles to stop him.

"Hey what's with the long face, it was hard work trying to find anyone." Max then out of the pile of papers lifted out two of them with two names. "Look, I'm unsure about the others but these two will defiantly be helpful."

Max then placed one of the pieces of paper in front of Ray's face.

"Our first candidate, Norah Sine. She is the only one in the whole academy that is royalty, she comes from the Cryterian Kingdom. Although far from the Alure Kingdom the academy has allowed her to get special treatment. Since she is a princess, they have even assigned her a personal guard that attends her and follows her around the school."

However, what Max had said wasn't true as Van was also considered royalty but this was kept a secret from the others.

"Anyway, if we get the princess on our side who the Academy Is even afraid to touch, then Blake will be…" Just then Max stopped mid-sentence as he realised his voice had raised with excitement.

He placed his hands on his face, now knowing that everyone around them had heard their conversation.

"Hey, aren't they planning something dangerous, gonging up against Blake."

"Yeah I hate this, it's like school hasn't been the same ever since that Nes kid transferred in."

"I already hate the fact that the freak is in our class and now Nes is just stirring up trouble for everyone."

Although not everyone in the class shared the same opinion. They felt like Van was being untreated fairly too, if it wasn't for Blake himself being powerful and his family backing they themselves would have tried to do something. Or at least they would like to think they would try to do something.

"Okay then, who's the second person?" Ray asked.

"Actually, it's a noble's son from the empire named Kaito Molo. Apparently, he came to the academy at the same time as Blake and what I heard was the two of them don't get along. Since he has a powerful backing as well they avoid fights."

"Well, that's perfect then, if they don't get along it should be pretty easy to convince him to come over to our side."

"There's just one problem though. Ever since he entered Roland academy he hasn't been able to even advance to the middle-class tier, he's still stuck in lower class like us, Even though he's already been at the academy for four years"

"Huh, how come?"

"Well, maybe he just doesn't have strong magical abilities, but he always gets good scores on the written exams but think about it, since he hates Blake and is a Noble son, wouldn't it be a good thing to get him onto our side?"

Although Max was talking about backing in the school, Ray was thinking on an even bigger scale. Ray was thinking about how to invite these people to help him out in the war against the shadow.

"I did also try to see if there was anyone at least in the middle classes that would be of help." Said Max, "But it's hard as we don't even get to meet with any of them because they're in a completely separate building to us."

Just as Max finished saying those words, a loud knocking sound was heard. At the front of the class was a middle-tier student who had knocked against the bored on the wall.

"Attention please, I am here to deliver a message from professor Del, for the upcoming practical class he would like you all to meet up at the western assembly hall for a mock test. So everyone, start moving."

As the students started to follow the middle tier student out of the classroom, Ray looked in the empty seat next to him. Van hadn't turned up for class and was nowhere to be seen.

"Where did you go Van?" Ray thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 253 - Why so nice?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Ray was wondering where Van went, without realising it he had already been taken by the middle-class students. On top of one of the roofs of a building. Nano and a couple of his friends had beaten Van to the point where he could no longer stand, this was all by the order of Blake.

Blake had informed them that they had a special surprise for Van and his new friend and wanted to show them what it meant by getting in his way.

A bucket of water was then chucked over Van to wake him up as he was nearly passing out.

"Come on freak, we have a show to do and you are the main attraction." Nano said, "I hear the stage has been set."

****

Instead of following the middle-class students like the other in their class, Ray and Max decided to go look around to see if they could find Van anywhere. If it was an important lesson then it meant even Van would get in trouble missing it.

"Come on Nes, Let's give up we've looked everywhere, our dorm room, the storage closest, the classes and even other places." Max said, "And now we're late for our next class as well"

"But where did he go?" Ray thought, at this point and time Ray truly wished he had his dragon eyes skill. That way he could scout the areas that might have been hidden away or even they couldn't see.

"He's probably just hiding somewhere, come one let's go to that assembly hall before we get int trouble, if we're late they'll deduct points off us and right now, a single point could be the difference between a grade for me," Max said holding onto Ray's shoulders as if he was begging.

"Fine fine, we can look for him later," Ray said.

As the two started to head to the assembly hall Max had something lingering on his mind.

"Nes, just why are you concerned so much for Van, it's not like you knew him before joining the academy. I just don't understand why you would go through all of this to help him."

The main reason why Ray was doing this was because it was a request from the queen. Once this had been sorted, he would go onto his other tasks of finding the divine being and handing the prince the crystal. But, of course, Ray couldn't come out and say this.

"It's because when I was younger, I used to get bullied all the time as well." Ray said, "Instead of being called a freak though, people used to call me a monster. I hated the world for it and I can imagine the exact same thing that Van is going through right now."

Tears started to fill up in Max's eyes as he heard Ray's emotional story. While Ray was quite proud of himself. His time as a human wasn't a waste and by the day he was becoming a better actor. Or so he thought. Ray's act of sorrow would only be good enough to fool the truly dumb ones such as Jack and Max.

****

Inside the assembly hall, the lower-class students from Ray's classroom had gathered. It was a large hall with a stage at top. On the stage, Momo and five other middle-class students stood behind him and around the room there were several other middle-class students.

"Hey, just what is going on here?"

"Didn't they say we were meant to have a class here?"

"Yeah so why are there no teachers and why are there only middle-class students here."

"Is everyone here?" Nano asked.

"Yes, everyone from Professor Dell's class should be here." A middle-class student said.

"Great, since all the pieces are now here, it's time to start the show."

****

Back in the classroom, Del had just arrived to start his next class but when he entered, every single one of the chairs was empty.

"huh, where did everyone go?"

****

Max and Ray had tried to enter the assembly hall through the front door but for some reason, it was locked. They could hear the students talking from inside so Max thought the lesson had already started and urgently wanted to get in.

That's when Max started to lead Ray to another entrance behind a hedge. When he pulled away the vines, a small door appeared.

"What kind of lesson are they having that they needed to lock the door?" Max complained.

"You know, I feel like you're more suspicious for knowing there's a secret entrance in a place like this," Ray said.

However, the door was small and to fit through the two of them would have to crawl.

"Come on! What are you waiting for?" said Max.

****

Inside the assembly hall, two students had come out from behind the stage carrying carts that were filled with round black beast crystals. Nano then took one of the balls and held it in his hand.

"We all know that the use of a wand is needed if we want to extract even more magical power. This here is a crystal core that had been turned into a crystal ball for practice. It is only of the basic tier class so it isn't that powerful." Said Nano. "Once you become a middle-class student you will learn how to manifest mana into a beast crystal in order to increase your power, that Is the aim for today's lesson."

That's when a student had raised his hand to ask a question.

"Sorry to ask, but do any of the teachers know about this."

The next second a middle-class student appeared by his side and a spell was cast putting him to sleep. The middle-class students then dragged his body to behind the stage and after that, he didn't come out again.

"Are there any more questions?" Nano asked.

The students watching the whole thing gulped in fear. They had no clue what had happened to the other student and at the same time, they didn't want to find out. There was no way a lower-class student who barely knew how to use magic would be able to go against the middle-class students.

"I guess it's time for the show then," Nano said.

Then from behind the stage, a large stone target was taken out being dragged on wheels. As the students saw this they started to gasp and chatter amongst themselves. For the target wasn't any ordinary stone target. Placed right in the centre of the target was Van who had been chained up.

***

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, Ekwuruke_Samuel, Daku_Doragon, Doodlebug, and alvaro17 for the gifts. Each and every single one really helps me and I hope I can continue writing this story for a long time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254 - Fifty Points
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Van was rolled into the assembly hall, he already looked like he was half beaten to death. Worse yet, they had tied him spread out to a solid target. Just like other targets, there were two outer areas and the centre where the bullseye should be, Van was placed covering it.

"Now the rules are simple, all you need to do is pick up one of these beast cores and activate your magic into it. The crystal will allow even the weakest of you to cast a basic spell. If the ball glows then your power has been successfully activated, then you need to cast a spell and aim for the target." Nano said. "Now as you guys are first years it will be hard for you to have precise control and aim of your magic ability, to past this test you will need a total of fifty points."

Nano then started to walk over to where Van was tied up and pulled out a black marker pen. He proceeded to write the number fifty on top of Van's forehead. He then wrote several other numbers on the target. The outer ring ten and the inner ring twenty.

"You each will have a total of three shots, if you do not receive fifty points then, well let's just say you don't want to find out."

Nano was basically telling them all to aim for Van. Van was not only the easiest target to hit compared to the small outer rings around him but he was also worth fifty points. If the student hit the outer ring three times, they would only get a total of thirty points.

And if a student were to hit the inner ring, they would need to hit it with all three shots to get over fifty points. It was clear the situation was forcing them to try hit Van.

"Now let's see who should go first?" Nano asked as he searched the room.

Inside the crowd, a certain female was looking at the situation around her. The female had long black hair and was a lower-class student like the rest of them there. It was the same person who Ray had mistaken for being the divine being and her name was Bliss.

Bliss didn't agree what was going on in the school, she never did and hated the fact that one of her classmates was being bullied all the time, but just like everyone else, she had no choice but turn a blind eye to the middle classmen and upper classmen but not once did she join in with the bullying like the others in her class.

The only reason why she felt like she could never act was because the person who was behind everything, Blake. He just had too much of a powerful backing that it made it impossible for her to act. She was just a regular girl from a small town, unlike all these other nobles. If she did anything then her family would be punished for it.

As she assessed the situation around her, she could there were a total of eight middle-class students surrounding the lower-class students. Then standing by Van's side were two more students, one each by the side of the target and finally, there was Nano that had two more people by him.

Even if she was confident with her skills, she wasn't stupid, there was no way she could fight against all these students.

As Nano was scanning the room, he noticed that Ray was nowhere to be seen.

"Why isn't he here? The whole point of this was to show him what happens if he messes with us, oh well, he will just have to see the aftermath." Nano thought.

Just then, another second-year student stood forward and looked into the crowd.

"So it looks like no one wants to be the first to volunteer, then I will just have to pick one." The boy said, "You with the round glasses and a big nose. Come here."

A random boy from the lower class had been selected, he looked around him for help but the others just looked away glad that they weren't the one being picked.

The second-year then handed the basic tier beast crystal ball and placed it into his hand. "Now remember we can tell if you're using the power of the beast crystal or not, it's important that you do."

The boy started to close his eyes, his hands were shaking as he held the black ball. He felt like he had no choice and he would rather it be Van then him. The ball started to glow ever so faintly, then he lifted his hand.

"Energy blast!" the boy said and at the same time, a small ball of energy came from his hands and started to spiral all over the place, until it eventually landed in the top right-hand corner of the target.

"Oh, No points."

Energy blast was a non-elemental skill, it was something that every first-year magician should be able to do. Elemental abilities had their advantages but they also had their weaknesses. Such as fire against water, it was best to just use simple magical energy.

It was as the second-year student said, most of the lower-class students could barely perform magic, some of them had been in there three or four years with no success of moving up a class or down.

The boy then proceeded to shoot two more energy blast. The second one managed to hit the outer ring of the target achieving him ten points.

"Well, looks like you have no choice now, the only way to get out of this is to hit the target." Said the middle-class student.

The boy was now more nervous than ever, as he shot his last energy blast, he completely missed the bored and it spiralled past hitting part of the assembly hall.

"Well, looks like you lose." Then the two second-year students by Nano's side came forward and escorted the student behind the stage. A few moments later, screams were heard.

All that could be heard echoing through the hall's was the screams of the boy in pain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255 - Skillful Bliss
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing the boys screams, everyone in the crowd was feeling more nervous than ever. A part of them thought that perhaps the middle-class students weren't serious, after all, how could they get away with such a thing?

If they were to do something as drastic as attack a whole class of lower students, did they really think not one of them would say anything? But after witnessing what had happened, they now knew the situation they were in was very serious.

"Alright, who's next?" The second-year student said.

Again, not a single person had volunteered to go next.

"Alright, I'll just have to pick another one." This time the second-year student pointed at a fairly tall boy with short hair.

The boy grabbed one of the black balls, although unlike the person before the boy was less hesitant. He closed his eyes to concentrate on the ball, and it started to glow stronger than the person before him.

"Energy blast." The blast came out faster than the one before and straighter. It carried on going forward until it had eventually hit its target.

Van felt the force hit him right in the stomach and the blow felt like that of a strong punch.

The energy blast was similar of that to a punch with the use of Ki, the more mana used the stronger the blast would be.

As the blow hit him, Van started to cough as he gasped desperately for air. And a few specks of blood came trailing out of his mouth.

"Perfect, fifty points you may go back in line, let's see who's next?"

Just then though a Bliss had decided to volunteer herself.

"Oh, a volunteer and a beautiful lady at that." The man said.

As Bliss walked to the front, she grabbed one of the black balls. She took no time in gathering her mana. The ball started to shine brighter than ever and it looked like the ball itself was going to break as a few cracks had appeared.

"Oh, that's impressive for a lower-class student," Nano said watching from further back.

"Energy blast" Just then she shot out not one, but three energy blasts where released from her palm at the same time. The three started to swirl and spiral around each other before splitting apart and hitting the board in three different spots.

Two of the shots had hit just underneath Van's arms and the other between his legs all in the inner area.

The middle-class student looked to Nano in disbelief, it was an unexpected outcome, many of the middle-class students would even struggle to do something like this. Nano just simply nodded in reply.

"Sixty points, you may go back in line."

As Bliss walked back to the others she mumbled.

"This was all that I could do for you."

Bliss could see that the students were frightened after seeing the first person fail. Not wanting themselves to be put in a similar situation, they would now all target Van and not go for the targets around Van.

Bliss had volunteered herself to show that it was possible to hit each of the targets, hoping not only for the other students to gain confidence but to also show it was possible to complete this without hitting Van.

But as the next person went up, her hopes were quickly dashed. The students just weren't as skilful as Bliss and still felt they had no choice but to try to go for Van.

Just then though at the back of the hall, Max and Ray had entered. It took a while for them to reach the hall through Max' secret entrance but they had finally arrived. Max seeing the crowd of people knew he was in the right place.

"Looks like the lesson already started, come on Nes let's hurry."

As the two of them tried to join the crowd as if nothing happened, they quickly realised what was going on. They saw Van tied up spread out on the target board and a student casting out spells at him.

"What the hell are the students doing, are they crazy!" Max said, "They have never gone this far before."

Ray continued to watch the other students go up, He saw one of them take a beast crystal and then using its power fire an energy blast hitting Van in the leg this time. Ray clenched his fist as he saw what was happening.

"Come on Nes, we need to go get a professor or something, no way will they let this pass." But as Max turned his head, Ray was nowhere to be seen.

"Alright, who's next?" But as the middle-class student asked that question, Ray had suddenly stepped forward from the crowd of people.

"Wait isn't that the crazy new kid who tried attacking me?" Bliss thought. "Where was he this whole time?"

Nano seeing Ray step forward started to smile, finally the person who they had been waiting for had arrived. This was perfect, there was no way anyone would be sane enough to attack a group full of middle-class students.

Ray would have no choice but to hurt the very person he was trying to protect. Although Nano was doing this all on the orders of Blake, seeing these types of things brought Pleasure to Nano.

"Looks like we have a volunteer."

Ray walked up and grabbed one of the black balls from the crate. After watching a few of the other students he realised they were using it to give them extra mana.

Ray was expecting either the system to do something but nothing appeared. Ray then tried using his Ki into it but again nothing happened. It was as Ray thought, even as a kid when he touched the magic crystal nothing had happened.

Ray's magical powers were different compared to the way everyone else used them.

"What's happening?" the students thought.

"Does he not have any magical powers?"

"They did say that he was sick for the first year, maybe he's weak."

"Yeah just because you get a perfect score on the exam, doesn't mean you are actually skilful with magic."

Ray looked at the magic ball once again and then looked at Van who was beaten on the target. The anger started to surge through his body.

"I promised someone I would protect you." Said Ray.

At the same time, he gripped the ball tightly and started a swinging motion, he threw the ball out of his hands with as much force as possible gathering all his Ki. The ball then left his fingertips at lightning speed and *BANG.

The ball had perfectly hit the target in the inner circle but where the ball had hit, a hole the same size as a fist had appeared.

The student's jaws nearly hit the ground as their mouths were left wide opened

Out of all the magical attacks that had hit the target before not one of them had damaged the target.

It was made out of special materiel designed to withstand attacks like this but Ray had simply thrown the beast crystal ball hard enough and had managed to make a hole through it.

"Just what monstrous strength did this guy have?" Bliss thought.

****

Special thanks to ancientwatcher, Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, Fenrir2040, alvaro17, Victoria_Edor_6044, AllTheTime00, Isaac_Lopez_3223, OTOBONG_EDINYANG, For the gifts. You guys really help support me on making the series I couldn't do it without you and all my readers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256 - Feel the same
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After chucking the black ball and making a hole through the target, the whole room froze for a moment. Ray was the only one moving and slowly started to walk up to the target.

"Let's get you out of there," Ray said.

And just like with the black ball. Ray was able to just with his bare hand's remove the metal restraints on Van's arms and legs, pulling them off and chucking them to the side.

"Thank you?" Van said softly, unsure whether what he was experiencing was a dream or not.

"What are you guy's waiting for, stop him!" Nano shouted.

At that moment, the middle-class students had snapped out of it and immediately started to head for Ray. One of the students that stood at the other side of where people had been shooting from, fired his own energy blast.

It came out fast but Ray stood there just looking at it. However, before it could even reach him, Van had stood in front of the attack getting hit by it and falling to the ground.

"You idiot, what are you doing that for!" Ray shouted.

"How could I let someone who is fighting because of me get hurt," Van replied.

Once again Van who was weak, badly injured and hurt had come and stood in front of him, he had tried to protect him.

"Humans were an interesting bunch after all."

Meanwhile, Bliss who was in the crowd watching the whole thing was struggling with what to do. She wanted to go out there and help Ray. Fight back with him against these sc.u.mbags. But however strong Ray was she could never imagine him beating all of the middle-class students.

If she counted up everyone in the room there was a total of thirteen of them but just as Bliss finished that thought, a middle-class student's body went flying through the air. The crowd had to spread out as his body landed in the centre of the hall.

That's when Bliss recognised who it was, it was the person who had just fired an energy ball at Ray. When she looked up Ray had already dealt with two middle-class students in seconds.

"Useless!" Ray shouted as he punched the second student.

"It's okay if I just use my fist right, as long as I don't use my weapons or armour?" Ray thought but right now, he didn't care so much, he just wanted to give all these students a beating they could remember.

The eight middle-class students who had surrounded the hall, were now surrounding Ray. Two had been taken out and there were still three standing up on stage including Nano.

"So you make all your goons do your dirty work," Ray said looking at Nano.

"I don't care how strong you are, you are never getting out of this alive."

As the second years surrounded him, at the same time each one of them fired an energy blast into the centre. Ray simply chose a random direction and went towards one of the energy blasts, punching it with his bare fist.

As his fist came into contact with the energy ball, it burst into tiny particles similar to that of a small firework.

"Did he just punch an energy blast? how is that possible. That's like punching a rock, his hand should be bleeding."

However, Ray was using Ki that was far stronger than the mana these students where using. Ray then in an instant was by the middle class's student's side. He knocked him back with a blow sending him in the air.

Then he went to the next and the next one knocking them all into the air as if the student's bodies were made of pillows. Then, at last, there was only Nano and the two men standing beside him.

"You, don't think you can get away with this!" Nano said and in his hand, a flame appeared.

"Oh fire attribute, I could do with some extra points of that." Said Ray.

"This is bad," Max thought, so far Ray hadn't used a single spell. Max assumed that Ray must have not been great at spells and he received special fighting training as a kid. He was one of those gifted with a strong Ki body that could withstand attacks.

That would be fine to hit the energy blast with your bare hands but not fire. Just then though, he heard the sound of a female's voice next to him.

"Is he using Ki?" A female said.

As Max turned to look at who it was, he noticed it was one of the professors at the school. Lett Springett, she was a female professor but had one distinctive feature above everything else. Her fiery red hair.

She wasn't just any regular teacher at the school. In fact, she was the whole reason why Ray had received special treatment when he had arrived in the city. The professor was in charge of the special Red-haired mages squad and she had worked hard changing their image.

And if there was one thing she hated more than anything, it was bullying, she hated bullying having experienced this herself.

"Oh professor you're here," Max said. "Come on let's go stop them before they."

But as Max walked forward the professor pulled him back and covered his mouth.

"Shhh, don't stop them now, it only just started getting interesting." She said. "I think they're about to get what they deserve."

Max couldn't believe what he was hearing, what kind of teacher wouldn't stop the fight just because they had found it interesting. Max started to wonder how he seemed to attract all sorts of crazy people around him.

Nano and the two by his side each held a fireball in their hands and when Ray got close enough, each one of them threw it at their target. The attacks were at a different speed compared to the other students but for Ray, it was incredibly slow.

Ray would move with the most minimal movement avoiding each of the fireballs as he slowly started to walk towards the three of them. As Ray got closer, Nano started to sweat more, he was feeling even more nervous.

Ray then knelt down and picked up one of the black beast crystal weapons and continued to walk forward avoiding the fireballs.

A thought had come into Nano's mind. When Ray had chucked the beast ball, he had made a hole in the target, if Ray was to throw that at him he would be dead in an instant.

Nano started to sweat even more nervously and then before he knew it, his body was no longer in control and he started running.

However, when Nano had turned around a few seconds later and Ray was already in front of him.

"it's time for you to feel what Van felt."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257 - Not a mage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nano looking at the man who was just behind him seconds ago, thought he must have been some type of demon. No student should be cable of something like this. Of course, all Ray had done was use his Ki to power his legs when running over, getting there far faster then Nano could ever run.

These kids weren't knights like Ray, they hadn't fought against the shadow, they hadn't fought in a war. Their bodies were weak and they had no experience. They were sheltered inside the academy and they themselves didn't know how comfy they had it inside.

Yet they still chose to hurt and harm one another, it just didn't make any sense. He hated these types of people the most.

With the black ball held in his hand, using part of his strength, Ray smashed it into Nano face. As the ball made an impact, it shattered and at the same time, so did Nano's teeth with it. Nano's body went flying over and laid unconscious right by Van's feat.

Then the two students who had been next to Van this whole time immediately got onto their knees to start to beg but Ray wasn't listening. He grabbed the two's heads and started to use his skill "Mana eater."

Unfortunately, Ray already had the most amount of points in his mana pool. 200, any more then this and Ray's body would feel damaged for holding too much mana. But he still had his skill, Mana eater.

The student's felt a force leaves their body and go into Ray's hands.

Before letting the students go, Ray slapped them with both on the back of their head but it was a heavy strong slap infused with Ki. The blow knocked their head's forward so much there heads hit the ground and they too had been knocked out.

"Wow what the? He really did it, He really took on all the second years all by himself."

"Just who is this guy?"

But rather then cheers of being set free, instead the students were scared, frightened of the strength Ray had just displayed.

"Does this mean we now have to listen to Nes?"

"And I don't know about you guys, but he's a lot scarier than those middle-class students."

"Stop being idiots!" Bliss said, "Can't you see, if Nes was this strong all along then he could have taken control of the class whenever he wanted but he chose not to."

Bliss then started to look at Van.

"It looks like to me he was just trying to save a friend," She said with a smile.

Bliss's words had worked and she had quickly managed to change the opinion of the other students. Suddenly the atmosphere got happier and they realised they were no longer in any danger.

Van looked down at his tormenter, Nano, completely knocked out. For years Nano and his friends had tormented Van on Blake's orders. He was never able to do anything, never got the chance to fight back and now looking at Nano's face like that, he felt happy.

Ray then started to walk over to Nano and placed his hand on top of his head.

"What are you doing?" Van asked.

"Don't worry, just stopping him from ever hurting anyone again," Ray said.

Although Ray couldn't stop him from using Mana completely, he could take away all his points in the fire Element he controlled, making him unable to ever cast fire spells again. He would now just be as weak as all the other mages.

Overall, it was a good hall for Ray. He had nearly managed to double his points in his fire attribute, meaning now whenever he cast his fire spells or activated the attribute, it would nearly be twice as strong as before.

"What do we do with all the middle-class students?" a student said, "Shouldn't we call over a professor?"

Just then though, Prof Springett appeared and started to walk out towards Ray. She continued to walk without slowing down not letting Ray out of her sight for a second.

"Does she want to fight?" Ray thought.

But when she finally reached him, she grabbed Ray by the wrist.

"You are coming with me, you as well," Springett said pointing at Van. "The rest of you leave this hall and report to your homeroom teacher, we shall carry an investigation and interview you all one by one."

*****

After the incident in the hall, a team had quickly arrived to escort the injured middle-class students out. The lower-class students returned to their homeroom as asked and were each interviewed about what happened.

The lower-class student did not lie and told them everything they had witnessed, about how Ray had taken out all the students with his bare hands. The investigators in charge of the questioning thought the students were simply exaggerating but they were not.

Ray and Van had been put in confinement until the investigation was over, then suddenly the two of them were called to the principal's office.

"Dammit Ray, you have done it now. What happens if you get kicked out of the school. You just made your job harder for yourself." Ray said to himself.

As they enterd the principal's office, they could see the old man sitting in his chair and Springett standing by his side.

"Please you two, sit down," Harvey said.

As the two of them sat down Harvey began to talk.

"Now Professor Springett has informed me that the incident in the assembly hall today was all committed by a single person, you Nes Talen. I wouldn't have believed her words if it wasn't for the several statements, I had received from all the other students saying the exact same thing."

"He was only doing it to protect me!" Van shouted.

Harvey then lifted his hand, telling Van to calm down.

"Worry not, I have not called you here for this reason. The students have already confirmed what had happened we know who started it. The reason why you are here Nes, is because Professor Springett has a question she would like to ask you."

"Nes Talen, Are you really a mage?" Springett asked.

*****

Special thanks to Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, Fenrir2040, Kawi_Polaris, alvaro17, ancientwatcher, Deg_Ggdu, demonslyer, Isaac_Lopez_3223, AllTheTime00, Grimminal, and Victoria_Edor_6044 for the gifts , you guys and the other readers Really support me on my author Journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258 - Magic Swordsmen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Springett had arrived at the assembly hall around half war through the fight. But it was early enough for her to see Ray dealing with the students with his bare fist but not only that, when Ray was fighting, she noticed something.

If his fist were simply strong then Springett would have ignored it. Perhaps it was a simple strengthening spell, even more so if he was wearing some equipment, it could have just been enchanted to give him extra strength.

But when Ray fought against those students, he was hitting them in precise spots to knock them out. He was easily able to avoid blows and his movement was unnatural. Springett had seen these type of fighting skills before and these skills did not belong to that of a mage but more to that of a knight.

How did she know all of this? That's because Springett herself was a rare case. She was one of the very few mixed types out there. Something called a magic swordsman. It took years to just learn how to learn one type of skill and it was rare for someone to have the time to spend on both.

Just because someone was able to control Mana well didn't mean they could gather and control the Ki inside their body. Although Ray had found out these two were the same thing, the world had not. But it was still true that if one could control mana which was gathering energy from the outside world, it didn't mean they were good at controlling the energy on the inside.

"I am a mage," Ray replied with a straight face.

"Well Ray, I'm afraid Springett has a good reason for suspicion," Harvey said, "Perhaps if you were able to demonstrate your magic skills then that would clear you of suspicion?"

"Okay," Ray said confidently.

These words had come as a surprise to Springett, she was sure she had cracked him and even noticed that Ray was slightly nervous when she had brought up the fact that he wasn't a mage.

Ray then stood up from his seat and stood a few steps back form everyone else.

Then from the palm of Ray's hand in nearly an instant, a large fireball half the size of his body had appeared.

The principal was impressed.

"Oh, not only can you perform magic but you are very powerful, looks like it will be easy for you to rank up at the end of the term."

The fireball skill had even impressed Ray himself. After absorbing the attribute points from the other students his fire skills were nearly twice as strong as before.

Ray cancelled the fireball skill and it looked like the principal was satisfied.

"Was that enough?" Ray asked.

"Yes of course don't worry about it, you two are free to leave. The middle-class students will be punished appropriately so please do not worry about that for now."

With that Ray breathed a sigh of relief. If they had asked him to demonstrate more skills then Ray would have been stumped. At the moment Ray couldn't even perform a basic energy ball.

As Ray left the room with Van, he couldn't help but feel two piercing eyes stuck to his back like glue. It was obvious that Springett still had her suspicions of him.

It was getting late and the sun was starting to set. As the two walked back to their room, not a word was spoken between both of them.

Ray was hoping after the incident that Van might have finally opened up to him a little. After all, he had risked exposing himself to the academy. Although Ray couldn't say there wasn't any improvement, at least now it didn't seem like Van was running away from him.

"Thank you," Van said and for the first time smiled at Ray.

"No problem," Ray replied.

Although Ray had dealt with one of the biggest offenders in the academy, he hadn't gotten rid of the root cause, Blake. Ray was also yet to find out why Blake hated him so much and Ray couldn't waste much more time on this.

If Van wouldn't give him an answer then he would just have to use his Dragons truth skill on him. Ray had been saving this on Van just in case, as the skill could only be used on a person once.

When he found out what the Divine being wanted Van, there might have been more questions that Ray needed to ask. Much more than a simple bullying problem.

*****

Back in one of the integration rooms, several of the middle-class students had confessed about who was behind the whole set up. They had given the name Blake.

Of course, they were afraid of Blake's power but the incident was so serious that they could be kicked out of the school for this but if they Blamed Blake they knew he would be let off lightly.

Currently inside one of the integration rooms was Blake and the person integrating him was Del, Ray's homeroom teacher.

"So the others tell me that, you had ordered Nano and the others to do that to Van is that correct?"

"Pff, you have no proof that it was me who did it," Blake replied.

"You are correct, so it seems like I won't have to continue this investigation any longer. Nano will be pinned for this incident." Del said.

The result had come as a shock to Blake. Although Blake knew it would be hard to pin the blame on him, they would have been able to get a few confessions from the others causing Blake to at least face some sought of repercussion.

But then, from the look on Del's face, Blake knew exactly why Del had said this.

"What do you want?" Blake asked.

"Seems like you understood me well."

******

After a tough Day, Ray and Van had decided to go sleep in their dorm rooms. Van still hadn't said much to Ray but Ray had decided to let him rest for the day. After all, he had taken quite a beating and must have been tired.

Ray would simply ask him about what had happened the next day.

In the middle of the night, the sound of the door being pushed upon woke?Ray up. Rather than the sound though, it was more the sickly aura that was emitting from the person's body.

Ray had felt this presence before and it was the presence of the shadow.

Ray decided to continue to pretend to be asleep wondering just what on earth was it doing here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259 - Vans story
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the shadow entered the room, Ray remained deadly still, hoping he would be able to fool the shadow.

"Did the shadow, come for me?" Ray thought, "How did they know I was in the academy, not even the teachers know."

But as Ray waited, instead of the figure coming towards him, the figure had gone over to the other side where Van laid. The shadow figure slowly lifted his hand and was about to place it on Van.

However, before the figure could do anything, Ray grabbed the figure's hand and pulled him down to the ground. As he did the figures face could be seen. It was completely covered in shadow as well as his face constantly moving around his body. It was a True infected.

Suddenly the figure Ray was holding started to vanish and before he knew it, the True infected had already escaped. They were truly masters of illusions and without the use of Ray's Dragon eyes, he was unable to track them.

****

The next day Van and Ray were heading off to their morning classes, that's when they spotted a couple of students from the same homeroom class as them.

"Hello." The girls waved and smiled nervously.

Although the girls looked a little afraid this was much better compared to before where they had completely started ignoring the two of them. Ray waved back and continued to move forward.

He couldn't stop thinking about what had happened last night. Why had the shadow targeted Van? Did they know he was an important figure in the Alure Kingdom, or did it have something to do with the Divine being's request?

Whatever it was it seemed like Roland wasn't as safe as he thought it was. The shadow had already infiltrated inside which meant a similar situation that happened in Avrion could even happen here.

When Ray entered the classroom, Max immediately greeted him with a big cheer, it seemed like he was happier than ever.

"Goooood morning! You two!" Max said with a huge grin.

When the two of them had entered the room, the rest of the students had turned their heads and started chattering amongst themselves.

"Hey what's going on?" Ray asked, "Is this your doing?"

"What are you crazy, of course not, this all because of that amazing show you put on yesterday."

Although the chatter amongst the students was a lot more positive. Ray still noticed that the students were using the word Freak instead of Van's real name. That's when Van's face suddenly dropped once again.

Ray couldn't take it any more and he had to ask.

"Van, will you tell us now why the other students call you freak? What happened a year ago and why does Blake hate you so much?"

Van paused for a couple of moments before eventually answering.

"Fine, I will tell you, let's head to the library after morning classes are over."

As soon as Del had arrived the morning classes had started. But before even that, Del had an update about what was happening to the middle-class students, after all, it had only involved all the student's in Del's class.

It sounded very political, stating that the academy would do better to make sure another incident like this wouldn't happen again and that the students involved had been punished but wouldn't elaborate on what exactly.

When classes had finished, as Van said the three of them headed to the library. The library contained the beast crystals stationed at the table that only allowed for them to be heard. So it was the perfect spot for Van to tell his story.

The three of them were now seated and for some reason, even Max was feeling Nervous about hearing the full extent of the story.

"You see, me and Blake had arrived at the academy together four years ago and believe it or not but both of us were actually good friends."

"What, this is the first time I've heard of such a thing," Max said.

"You wouldn't have, you had only arrived here last year of course. However, unlike me Blake was talented and he was able to quickly rise through the ranks but our relationship with each other remained strong. But last year a new student had arrived, someone who without realising it would change our lives."

Max then budged Ray on the arm.

"Hey, you know where this going don't you?" Max whispered, "If the two of them used to be friends and a new student came in that changed that, it could only mean one thing. Love triangle."

Although Max whispered because of the silent orb the table, it was quiet and Van could hear everything.

"You are right," Van said smiling. "Out of the first years, a new student had arrived and it was female. You see the bullying had started even before Blake. I had been at the academy for three years and still wasn't able to rank up to the middle-class. But that brave little student had stuck up for me. She started to regularly hang out with us and the three of us had quickly become friends."

"What I didn't realise was that at the same time Blake and Me had both started to have the same feelings for her."

"Is that why both of you hate each other's guts now, and what about the girl, where is she?" Max asked impatiently.

"She's dead." Van replied, "And it's all my fault. You see it all started around the same time last year, at the practical exam…."

However, before Van could continue, Ray had stopped him mid-sentence. Something had occurred to him while hearing Van's story. The timeline was matching up and the story as well with another incident. Before allowing Van to continue he just had to confirm one thing otherwise his mind wouldn't focus.

"The girl, what was her name?" Ray asked.

Van could hear a slight angry undertone in Ray's voice and he had no clue why. Regardless Van had already prepared himself to tell Ray his saviour the whole thing.

"Her name was Amy Bluebird."

***

Special thanks to IcyShadow2323, Itz_Osas_Billions, Fenrir2040, Didi_Etukudo, Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, Kawi_Polaris, alvaro17 and ancientwatcher for the gifts they really help me continue to work hard on the story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260 - The Death of Amy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Ray started hearing the beginning of Van's story, he had a hunch. Only he was hoping it wasn't true. The person Van was talking about was Gary's sister. The same Amy Ray had met back in the village.

The first person to have treated him like everyone else, and in a way, it was Ray's first friend. When Ray heard the name come out of Van's mouth he didn't know how to feel.

When he first found out about Amy's death from Gary, he always thought if he had met that person, he would immediately get his revenge.

And apparently, here he was talking to that very same person. Right now, though Ray just felt confused and conflicted. He had promised the Queen he would protect Van and at the same time, he had promised Gary to help get his revenge.

Either way, it was too soon to decide what to do and he would just have to listen to Van's words and hear him out.

"Hey Nes, what's wrong," Max asked as he could see Ray just staring at the ground. "Did you know her?"

"No, I thought I might have done but I don't."

"Anyway things are starting to make sense," Said Max.?"I remembered an incident involving Amy, but when things happened everyone was told to keep their mouth shut. To not let word get out about it outside Roland. In the end, it was quite lucky that it happened to a family with no backing."

"Lucky." Van croaked out with tears in his eyes. "What was so lucky, she was unlucky by the fact she had met me."

Max felt bad about what he had just said, he had forgotten that this Amy person had meant a lot to Van he had loved her. The crying was awkward and Max looked at Ray for help but when he looked at Ray even he seemed to be acting strange.

A few moments later and Van manged to recompose himself to continue the story.

"The incident, everything had happened in the practical assessment. For the practical assessment, groups were formed up in teams of five. The assessment was only for the lower-class students so Blake would be unable to protect us and before we had left on our journey, he had wished the two of us good luck. The assessment teleported you to a hunting ground that at most was meant to contain intermediate beasts but we were unlucky that day and somehow an advanced tier beast had appeared. Amy was skilful in magic, she was the strongest one out of all of us there, she had managed to do a lot of damage but the beast was still too strong and in the end, I had decided to help and step in, and that was when I had made the biggest mistake ever."

Max looked slightly confused, he had no clue where this story was going to go.

"I cast magic and destroyed the beast when I shouldn't have, we should have just run away and waited for the teachers. After the beast had died that's when they had come, another three of the same advanced tier beasts. In the end, Amy cast a protection spell and encased us in a gold bubble, it trapped the four of us inside. The bubble was practically unbreakable but she remained outside. I had to watch her getting ripped to shreds with my own eyes while we remained safe in the magic she had cast. Eventually, the teachers came and dealt with everything."

"Wait you can't say it's your fault then." Max blurted out, "The beasts killed her not you, I understand why Blake would be upset with you because you promised to protect her and maybe you blame yourself but accidents happen."

Honestly, although Ray was upset that Van had lived while Amy had died, what Max said was true. The story so far had nothing indicating that Van was at fault. Ray couldn't help but think there was more to the story.

"But It is my fault and to explain I would have to go back to the start, you see, ever since I was younger, I had been called a freak. My magic you see, is cursed. There was a reason why I had never ranked up with Blake and that's because I never once used magic during out tests. When I was younger, I had quickly found out for some reason my magic seemed to attract beasts."

"I've never heard of such a thing." Said Max.

"It's true though and I hadn't told anyone," Van replied, "There is something else you guys need to know. The truth is I'm the prince of Alure kingdom. The first son of the Queen."

Max once again nearly fell out of his seat hearing these words. There were just too many surprises in one day for the young lad.

"When I was younger and practised magic in the palace, beasts would come out of nowhere and attack the palace but my guards would always be there to protect me. I found this out myself fairly quickly. When I did, I banned myself from using magic hoping to one day find the cause. I was adamant about coming to Roland, the top magic academy in the kingdom. I had heard of a mad professor that dabbled in forbidden magic hoping he might be able to help me but he had already left the academy when I arrived."

"So when you killed that beast in the assessment, you think it was the reason why three more had appeared?" Max asked.

"I'm positive."

The group sat in silence for a while, Max was trying to take in all the shocks he had received and Van had become depressed after telling the story, while Ray was deep in thought.

He wanted the revenge of Amy to be easy, as clear as night and day. If someone had just killed her for a petty reason then he could get his revenge but it was much more complex than that.

Ray had also never heard of a case like Van's before were using magic would attract beasts but at the same time, it didn't seem he was lying.

In fact, Ray was more inclined to believe he was telling the truth. The divine being was also looking for Van and so was the shadow. The reason must have been linked to Van's magical powers.

There was also only one person Ray could think of to talk to this about and that was Lenny, judging by Van's story the mad Professor he was talking about was Lenny. He was the only one well known enough for practising forbidden magic.

With everything said and done. The lunch bell had rung indicating it was time for the three of them to head back to class. They sat in their seats as usual and waited for the professor to enter the room but instead of their homeroom teacher Del, this time Springett had entered.

As soon as she did, she couldn't stop staring at Ray and Ray couldn't help but shake this bad feeling he had about what was about to happen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 261 - Magic Circles
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The incident involving Van had been covered up and it was obvious why. Roland didn't want people to find out that they had allowed one of their students to die in the academy. Lucky for the academy, the student was just some girl from a poor village but if someone like Van had died instead, then the academy would be heavily criticized for allowing such an incident to happen.

So the next best thing to do, was to pretend that it had never happened.

The sad part was Ray was hoping after finding out what happened to Amy, he would be able to use this information to somehow bring Gary back over to his side. If the shadow was behind everything then just maybe it would rationalize Gary's thoughts. Snap him out of being in control.

But with the information he had now, it would only make Gary hate Roland even more.

When Springett had entered the room, the first thing she did was make eye contact with Ray. Immediately Ray could sense the stares, it was as if she was trying to look through him and she wasn't the only one that noticed as well.

"Whoa, what the hell did you do to mess with her?" Max asked.

"I didn't do anything," Ray replied.

But he knew why. Springett still didn't trust him after the incident that had happened with the middle-class students. Although the principal was convinced, she was not.

"Hello everyone, today I will be your tutor for this evening. Unfortunately, Del is busy making the magic teleportation circle for your upcoming exam. That is why I am here today." Said Springett, "On the subject of magic circles, that will be what we will cover in today's lesson."

Springett then went on the explain in detail about magic circles. How a magic circle was a complex thing that had to be drawn out by hand and would only work if powered by a beast crystal.

The magic circle itself was similar to casting a spell and similar to spells a beast crystal could be used to power it but at the same time mana as well.

A good example of where magic circles were used, were the devices they used in everyday life. The lights they used were powered by Beats crystals but if they were to place a beast crystal down, it would do nothing.

A magic circle would have to be drawn, it acted as a set of instructions for the beast crystal. The stronger the set instructions drawn up, the stronger the beast crystals needed to be.

Of course, the more complex the set of instructions were the more power it needed to power it. In a way, it was a type of programming language that mages had to learn and very few mages specialised in it. But everyone was required to at least know the basics.

It was always handy if a light was to go out in their homes that they could make their own and replace it.

Springett then proceeded to draw a magic circle on the screen but it looked slightly different from the examples she had shown before.

"As you can see, this is an incomplete magic circle, using the pieces of paper in front of you I would like you to complete the magic circle."

As soon as Springett gave the instructions the students had immediately gone to work. Scribbling away on their pieces of paper but at the back of the class, three students stood there staring at the paper in front of them.

"Hey Nes, why aren't you writing anything, is it too easy for you?" Max said.

This was going to be a huge problem Ray thought. His status at the school was the perfect scorer on the admissions test. If there was anything that would out the fact Ray wasn't a magician, it would be this.

"Why aren't you writing anything?" Ray asked.

"Ha, ha, well that's why I came over to you, you know my scores, they're the lowest in the class."

That's when Ray turned his head to Van hoping he had written something, however, Van was slumped in his chair with his head down still sulking about the story he had told earlier.

"It's all my fault." He mumbled.

Just then Springett started to walk around the classroom checking on everyone's magic circles they had drawn, then when she reached the last row she started smiling as she walked over to Ray. As if she knew she had caught him.

"Oh, what's this." She said lifting up Ray's blank piece of paper. "Why didn't you write anything down, it couldn't be you don't know how to fix a simple magic circle like this do you?"

That's when Max chimed in.

"No you got it wrong teacher, you see Nes here got a perfect score on the admissions test. Something that has never been done at the academy before. He just finds this too easy."

"Oh, really?" Springett said now with a huge grin on her face.

"Well, why don't you go up to the front of the class and show everyone how it's done. "

At that moment, Ray wanted to do everything in his power to strangle Max. As Ray walked up to the front of the class, Max gave him a thumbs up on his way.

Max felt like he had done Ray a service, a chance for him to show off in front of the other students, unknown to him, Ray was cursing him wishing he was dead.

While Ray started to walk up to the front of the class, he started to think. Was there anyone in the Redwings that would be able to give him the answer. Avrion was full of useless knights and although Slyvia was smart, she had no reason to ever study magic circles as they could never use magic.

As Ray got closer to the front of the class he started to panic more. Which was only making it harder for him to think about who to contact.

Then finally he had reached the front of the class.

"Go on then, show us how it's done," Springett said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 262 - Learning Magic
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just outside Roland City, there was a field of nicely green cut grass that went on for a few kilometres. The land was mostly flat around Roland unlike the mountains area near Avrion. Lenny, Jack and Martha decided to use this to their advantage and were currently out on the field far away from the city. Where only the three of them could be seen and the odd people walking by the pathway now and again.

"So you really want to do this?" Said Lenny.

"Yes please, I have to get stronger and I can't think of anything else but to ask you for help?" Martha said.

Lenny was in deep thought for a while. Martha who had arrived a few days ago was amazed to find out how special Lenny was. Lenny who was once also a knight at Avrion, was now quite a powerful and a well-known mage but Martha didn't know how that was possible.

Lenny was once unable to perform any magical feats but suddenly he could, and Martha wanted to know how Lenny was able to do such things, in hopes she could get stronger.

"Do you know why I was kicked out from Avrion?" Lenny asked.

"All we were told was that you had dabbled in forbidden magic," Martha replied.

"Aww yes, I suppose if they told you what happened it might encourage others to try it as well. You see it was just as you said, I was your average knight when I went to Avrion. I was nothing special and at the time to Dragon Knights were leading us into battle after battle. It was a lot worse back then, then it is now. At a young age, I was forced to go into war. You don't know how frightened I was and I was obsessed with doing everything I could do to survive, so I used the one thing I had."

Lenny then lifted up his finger and pointed to his head.

"My brain, I didn't care if it was forbidden magic, I wanted to do anything I could to survive on the battlefield. I wasn't a skilled fighter and my body had already been pushed to the limit, so that left me with one choice, magic. I was a person who always questioned the world, why were some people able to perform magic while others can't. It doesn't make sense, right?"

"Anyway, these so-called forbidden books or forbidden research was all based on one thing, how to make someone who couldn't perform magic before, perform magic."

Lenny then pulled out a basic tier beast core from his pouch and held it in his hand.

"All beast cores to some degree possess their own Mana inside. Using a magic circle, we can use this to power the items we use every day or even create powerful beast tier weapons and armour. The research suggested that if there was some way we could absorb or use the power of beast crystals in our body, then we would then be able to use magic to increase the magic inside. But forbidden magic is forbidden for a reason, there were several tests done. Creating a special liquid out of the beast core, trying to replace human body parts, imbed a crystal and magic circle inside."

As Lenny was speaking Jack started to think about what had been seen under Avrion academy. At the time the Dark guild had been doing several experiments. Delbert had been sending his own maid's and some students down to them and when they were found they had their hearts taken out.

There was also several litres of the purple liquid. Were they perhaps trying to do the same thing?

"The human body is weak and all of these things resulted in a failure, all though there was some small success. A select few had found a way to absorb the weakest of the crystals, the basic tiers, with each one they absorbed their body got stronger but then at some point, their body started to change. It seemed like they were about to evolve into something beyond human but the evolution always resulted in failure."

"Failure?" Jack asked.

"The pain was too much, it put to much stress on the human body and they would die."

"Wait, why are you telling me all this!" Martha complained. "I admit it's interesting but if all of them are failures then I can't use this method."

Lenny then started to laugh.

"Do you not see someone in front of you today who dabbled in the forbidden magic and is still alive, a weak frail boy who now can cast all types of magic without any worry." Then he pointed his finger to his chest. "To this day I am the only known Human who has been able to absorb beast crystals and survived the evolution."

Martha face lit up but then it quickly went down again. After hearing Lenny's story, it sounded like Lenny was just lucky. So many people had tried this method and not succeeded and if there was no danger to it, then why didn't Lenny spread this information to everyone.

Just then though as Martha was going to ask Lenny her question, she and Jack had received a message from the system.

From Ray:

"Are any of you guys near Lenny, I need his help immediately."

"What's wrong?" Lenny asked seeing the concerned look on her face.

"It's Ray, actually he says he needs your help with something?"

As soon as Martha replied to Ray saying Lenny was right next to her. Ray sent details of what he had been asked to do in class, then went to quickly explain what the current magic circle looked like.

"So they asked him to create a simple light magic circle that shouldn't be a problem." Lenny replied, "Tell him from the details he has given they have only provided a large circle and a slightly smaller circle inside. To complete the magic circle all Ray needs to do is draw a triangle in the centre that reaches the edges of the larger circles…" Then Lenny paused for a second.

"Wait a minute scrap that." Lenny said, "That is simply too easy, if the genius of the school was just to do something as simple as that, he would be found out. He needs to do something that will blow that teachers mind."

Lenny suddenly had a creepy smile on his face, he then told Martha to hand Ray a different set of instruction and she did as she was told.

"I wish I was there to see the teachers face for this one."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 263 - Genius Mage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Ray was being led to the front of the class by the teacher, he was struggling to think of who to contact, then a thought came into his mind. There was one person who had caused all these problems for him in the first place.

Lenny.

It was only because of Lenny that he had gotten a perfect score on the test. It was because of him that everyone in the school thought he was some genius mage, that they all paid attention to him. Then with his mind, Ray opened up the system and sent out his message to Martha.

Whatever Ray wanted to send with the system, all he needed to do was think about it and it would be sent. What amazed him was this was true for the magic circle as well. Ray just had to think about what the magic circle looked like and it would be drawn out in the message.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" Springett asked, "Don't tell me you don't know how to form a simple spell like this right, Genius boy."

Just then Ray had received a message back from Martha. The message contained an image of a magic circle described from Lenny of how it should look.

The weight of Ray's shoulders was lifted and he confidently walked up to the screen and started to draw out the image in his system. Ray was slow when drawing out the circle as he was checking the diagram that had been sent to him.

When he completed the triangle, Springett's grin turned into a frown.

"I suppose even some none magicians should know of this at least,"

But Ray didn't stop there and continued drawing the diagram.

"What is he doing, wasn't the circle already finished?" The student's watching said.

"I think he's adding something."

Ray continued drawing the circle slowly copying everything Martha had sent and Springett watching the whole thing was getting an odd feeling. Why was Ray pausing so much in between?

A few moments later and the magic circle was complete. Ray stepped back from the screen and now everyone could see what he had done. The magic circle no longer looked like a simple triangle.

There were several symbols around and inside the circle. Some of these symbols other students had never even witnessed in their lives before.

Just then, Springett dropped the brush in her hand as she looked at the magic circle in amazement.

"But how, no one at his age should be able to create something like this/"

Ray had drawn not just a simple light crystal but one that had all sorts of options added on to it. It no longer just had the simple instruction of turning on and turning off. It now had dimming options, colour changes, easily chargeable by using your own mana and so on.

Although all these add ons weren't impressive on their own, to combine them all on a magic circle and make sure they didn't disturb the flow on one another was truly impressive.

The students sitting down in their seats had no clue what Ray had done, but were impressed, as they knew it had to be something special judging by Springett's reaction.

Springett wasn't an ordinary professor, although young she herself was quite well known in the academy. She had a very good understanding of magic circles. As she was the only disciple of a well-known teacher that was no longer at Roland.

With the shock, Springett decided to end the class early for the day but before she left she had an announcement to make to the class.

"Next week will be the practical assessment for you guys. All of the first years at the time will be teleported together to the hunting ground. It is important beforehand that you register your group of five for the assessment."

With that said the class had ended and Springett left the room with a huge thought on her mind. Her suspicions of Ray hadn't ended there but instead grew.

"Nes Talen just who are you?" She was going to do everything she could to find out his secret.

After hearing the words practical assessment, Van's body started to shake again. It was the same time last year that Amy had been killed and it was during that practical assessment.

"Don't worry Van," Ray said, "Join up with me and I will make sure that you won't have to use your magic abilities."

Van looked up at Ray and thought back to how he had easily dealt with the middle tier students. Just maybe if it was him, he could do it. Even if he couldn't Van wanted to believe in Ray's words.

"Okay," Van replied.

"Well, that makes three of us." Said Max, "Now we just need to find two more."

But as they looked around the room, they noticed that many people had already formed up groups of five. Max suddenly remembered that the three of them were unpopular in the class. It was only recently that people started to talk to them again but they were still afraid of what Blake would do.

That's when a female with long black hair had come and approached them instead. It was Bliss, the top girl in class before Ray had come and the one that resembled the Divine being.

"I know me and you got on the wrong foot." Bliss said looking at Ray, "But I understand now after what happened the other day, you were just worried about your friend who might have been in trouble. If possible, please I would like to join your team."

Ray looked at Bliss and he couldn't help but feel strange. She truly did just look like a younger version of the witch. Ray felt like the only right thing to do was turn her down, otherwise, he would be too distracted by this fact.

But before Ray could even answer, Max had rushed over to her side.

"Of course you can join us. It would be an honour to have someone like you on our team." Max said.

Ray huffed out a big pile of air, and just as he was about to say something, he chose not to.

"Oh well, I guess it will be fine."

Now the group just needed one more member to make the team of five.

*****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, ancientwatcher, and ShiroDN for the gifts you really help me continue my work.

If you didn't know my other works.

My grimreaper bodyguard?(On webtoon)

Virtual sword god! ()

My Vampire system

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 264 - The fith member
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Walking down the halls thinking about his daily troubles, was a neatly dressed black-haired boy with his hair swept back named Kaito Molo. He was the son of a Noble who was working for the empire. He always got the best grades in class but for some reason had never been able to rank up past the lower-class tier.

Four years was the time he had spent at Roland and not once had he moved up during the assessment. Although he understood most of the theory behind magic, he could never perform it himself when he was put into a practical situation.

But other than his troubles with ranking up, he was currently faced with a new challenge. This year Kaito had been placed with a special task from his father. The Empire wanted to learn more about the group known as the Red wings that had managed to take over Avrion and fend off the shadow plague.

The news had now spread almost all of the Alure kingdom and was only just starting to reach the surrounding kingdoms and the empire. The news about the Red wings that was now coming out, was mostly positive.

Slyvia had done a good job creating a guildhall at Avrion and protecting the routes and the nearby cities. Making sure the people in the surrounding areas had a good impression of the Red wings.

Then with this, stories of the battle that took place at Avrion were told. The tales were grand and exaggerated and centred around one person, Nes. The leader of the so-called Red wings Guild and faction.

The empire didn't place great importance on this task but when his father had heard that they were starting to gain interest, he immediately contacted his son Kaito on the matter. Hoping he could find anything that would gain the emperor's trust.

But what was Kaito meant to do? For now, he had one more year at the academy and the Red wings had yet to reach Roland city. They were mainly knights after all. However, after doing research on the Red wings Kaito started to gain more and more interest.

He learnt of Nes's grand feats and learnt that the leader was not only a knight but a mage as well. With each story Kaito heard about Nes, he started to become obsessed and without even realising it, he now idolised the person and one day hoped he could meet Nes and ask him to be his tutor.

As Kaito was walking down the hallway he overheard a few students talking about an incident that happened earlier in the day.

"Hey did you hear what happened to Professor Springett?"

"Yeah, apparently she was speechless because a student showed her up in class."

"What?" Kaito thought as he heard the news. Springett was well known for not only being a magic swordsman but also for being quite knowledgeable compared to others when it came to magic circles.

Just who was able to shock her?

"It was the new student form Del's class, you know the one that was involved with all those middle-class students. Nes Talen I think his name was."

"Nes?" As soon as Kaito had heard that name his ears started ringing. It couldn't be the same person known as the leader of the Red wings. The Nes he had heard about was an a.d.u.l.t and there were mostly student's here.

Even if it was Nes, what reasons would he have to be a student? Either way, Kaito felt like he had to check out who this Nes person was.

While doing his best to gather information, he had found out that this Nes Talen student had also caused quite the stir just a few days ago, taking out a bunch of middle-class students. As he heard more and more about this student Kaito couldn't help himself but feel excited.

Then when he had finally reached, Del's classroom he opened the door and started to look around.

"Is there anything we can help with bro?" Max asked.

"Ughh yeah I'm looking for a student that goes by the name of Nes?"

"Oh well he's right here," Max said pointing to the seat next to him.

As Kaito looked at the person in the seat, his heart started to shatter. The person in front of him was just a child, like he expected. In some rare cases, there were students who were allowed to enter as an a.d.u.l.t and Kaito was hoping this might be one of them.

After hearing the rumours of this Nes student in school, he let his imagination get the better of him, just then as he was about to leave, he overheard the groups conversation.

"Man, so what are we going to do about a fifth member for the assessment?" Max asked.

"Well I spoke around and everyone else in the class has already got a teammate." Bliss replied, "Which means will just have to search for someone from another class or wait until assessment day and pick up any strays."

As Kaito heard those words a thought came to him. He had yet to find a teammate for the assessment as well. After all, he was considered a trash student by most. He was one of the very few people who had been here for four years yet still hadn't moved up to at least the middle class.

Perhaps him coming to try to meet this Nes person today might have been a coincidence but it was like fate was giving him answers telling him he needed to join this team.

Kaito then turned to the others and approached them again.

"Hey sorry to bother you guys but I couldn't help but hear that you were looking for a fifth person for the practical assessment. Well I don't really have a team either, do you mind if I join you."

Then the whole group's eyes lit up, without needing the hard work to go look for someone, another person had come right to them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 265 - The assesment starts
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Kaito had introduced himself to the others. Max quickly realised what a gold mine had landed right on their doorsteps. Kaito was one of the students who had a backing that rivalled that of Blake's.

When Ray had asked Max to gather information, he had come up with two people who would have been able to help Van fight back against Blake. People that even Blake didn't want to get involved with.

One of them was the princess of the Cryterian Kingdom named Noah, and the other was Kaito. But there was one person who wasn't pleased about the whole situation and that was Bliss.

She had originally approached Ray hoping she would be able to get the best results at the practical assessment this year. After witnessing what he had done in the assembly hall she felt like she had to nab him.

But unknown to her, she didn't realise what baggage would come with him. Max was one of the worst performing students of the class, although his skills weren't too bad, he couldn't be relied on for anything else other than fighting.

Van was an unknown person to her, but judging by what Max and Ray had told her, Van was unable to produce magic so it was important that they protect him.

Then finally there was the newest addition to the team Kaito. He had been at the school for four years but not once was able to get a passing grade to move up to the upper classes. Simply put, the only two people that were reliable were Ray and herself Bliss thought.

****

That night when Ray had returned to his room, he decided to head back to the roof. He climbed to the very top and tried to contact Jack. He wanted to thank Lenny for helping him out of the tough situation he was placed in today with the magic circle.

However, if Ray knew what Lenny had done and the fact that it had only made Springett give him even more attention. Ray would not be trying to thank Lenny but curse him instead.

But when Ray tried sending a message out here received a notification.

Ray tried once again and this time, to Martha.

For some reason, the system wasn't allowing him to send messages to the Red wing members. This had happened once before underneath Avrion when he had been separated from Gary and Jack. Ray never did get to find out why. back then after waiting a while the system seemed to be working as normal once again.

Ray didn't know why but the fact that his system was unable to be used to send a message, he couldn't help but shake this bad feeling that something was about to come.

His mission of helping out the Queen with her son had nearly come to an end. All he needed to do was deal with Blake. But that wasn't the end of his task with Van. For some reason the divine being wanted Ray to take Van with him out of Roland and to fight against the shadow.

The next step for Ray was trying to find the Divine being.

That night, the rain had fallen on top of Roland.

****

A few days had passed with nothing out of the ordinary happening and finally, it was the day of the big practical assessment. The lower-class students were all told to gather in the square just outside one of the training facilities.

The students were full of chatter and excitement as for most of them it was there first time experiencing something like this but there were also a few who had done this more than once.

Ray's mind was currently filled with all sorts of thoughts, he was still unable to find any information about where the Divine being could be inside the academy. There were just too many restricted areas.

He also wanted to desperately contact Jack to ask Lenny if he had any ideas at all, even if it was just a little hint but ever since that day a few days ago. Ray's system still wasn't working properly and he was unable to contact any members of the Red wings.

"Hey Nes, our class it entering next!" Max shouted.

"You seem to be exited?" Ray replied.

"Of course, it's my first time going to a hunting ground and fighting off against beasts. Even if you are a lower class you can't do this as a first-year."

The group waited for the rest of their members to arrive. First Bliss had arrived and finally so did Kaito. As the group started chatting and talking about the assessment. Ray couldn't help but shake the bad feeling and it was only getting stronger.

He looked at Van and wondered why he hadn't seen the True infected around the academy since that day. If they were after Van there many opportunities but they never tried again after that.

Suddenly though the crowd of people started to chatter up again as something was happening in the square.

"What are they doing here?"

"I thought the assessment was only for the lower class."

"What the!" Max said with his mouth wide open. "Why are the upper-class students here?"

Just then Blake and three other upper-class students had entered the square and were patiently waiting off to the side with the others.

"Do you think they're coming with us?" Max asked.

"I heard some rumours," Bliss said, "It looks like after what had happened last year, they decided to invite some of the Upper class along, just in case anything was to go wrong."

As Van looked at Blake, memories of last year's event started to flash through his eyes. His body started to shake and he wasn't sure if he could go through with the assessment again.

Then he felt a hand being placed on his shoulder.

"Don't worry Van, I'm with you this time okay," Ray said.

****

A note for Privilege readers. Priv ends tomorrow so if you want to stay ahead by two chapters you will need to repurchase Priv at the cost of one coin again tomorrow for the month.

I will also soon be adding a new tier of 5 extra Chapters for 100 coins. These are for the people who want to support me on my journey to become a full-time author so I can give you even more chapters.

I will not be stopping my two Chapters a day, for all my other lovely readers so if you can not support me, just reading the story like you have been doing greatly helps me out as well.

Special thanks to Itz_Osas_Billions, Lord_Liedy, DarkShadow_DS, BabyAspirin, AllTheTime00, and Fenrir2040 for the gifts these really help me continue working hard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 266 - Four Towers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Waiting outside patiently and nervously, were the lower-class students. It was a big day for them and for many of them, it would be there first time ever taking on or fighting against a beast.

They mostly lived sheltered lives in their homes and even in Roland, they were away from the threat of the shadow plague.

So unless a student had decided to actively go hunting before they had come to the academy, it was unlikely that they would have a met a beast before.

The only students that weren't nervous like everyone else were the upper class who stood off to one side.

That's when one of the younger teachers, teacher Flynn had arrived to talk to them.

"Okay, you four listen carefully." Flynn said, "although you are all upper-class students you are not to act unless a student's life is in danger. If you can, you are to accompany me or any of the other professors at all times. Do you guys understand?"

"Yes sir." The students responded.

Before turning around to check on the other students, Flynn looked at Blake and just wondered why he was asked to be on this assessment. The professors knew of Blake's cruel personality, yes he was strong but he defiantly wasn't suited for something like this yet professor Del was adamant about bringing Blake along.

Just as the students were starting to walk into the hall, Max had spotted another professor and at the same time, she had spotted them. It was Springett and standing next to her was a girl wearing a hooded cloak that covered her face so it was hard to tell who it was.

"Do you know, it looks professor Springett hates your guts?" Bliss asked, "You didn't just attack her randomly in the hallway like you did me, did you?"

"I already apologised for that," Ray said his face a little red.

After Ray had done his little trick with the magic circle, it seemed like wherever he would go the professor was around the corner keeping an eye on him. After asking Bliss about the magic circle, he had suddenly realised what Lenny had done.

But the fact that Professor Springett would be at the hunting ground with the students keeping an eye on them, meant Ray had to be extra careful. One wrong move and she would immediately find out who he was.

****

Inside the training hall, the preparations for the magic circle had been completed. In the centre of the magic circle was a fairly large beast crystal that was emitting a strong energy off it floating in the air. It was ready to do its task.

As the students filtered in the room slowly Ray and his group had arrived.

"Wow look at that thing, that crystal must have cost a fortune," Max said looking up.

"I hear there are four more crystals like this in the towers," Bliss said.

"The towers?" Ray asked.

"I forgot, even though it's your second year here you're only a first-year student. There are four towers of Roland surrounding the academy. If you were to look at Roland from above you could see that it looks like its own city that's in a rectangular shape." Bliss explained. "In each corner is a large tower with a powerful crystal and inside each of them is a powerful magician protecting those towers."

"Yes, and I have heard they are very powerful," Kaito added. "Those four tower masters alone are said to be enough to take on the Alure army."

After hearing what the others said about the towers in the academy, Ray couldn't help but think that maybe one of the crystals that were being on guard was the divine being. It would make sense to also give them a strong guard.

It was the only hint he had received so far and was his best shot. The only problem was, would Ray be strong enough to face a tower master?

As the group were waiting for further instructions and for the rest of the students to enter the room, Kaito was busy staring at the large magic circle that covered most of the room.

"This formation, I've ever seen something like this before." Kaito thought, "What's the need for all the extra set of instructions?"

"Hey Nes," Kaito called, as Ray's name was called out, he walked forward.

"Do you see this, I understand this part of the magic circle, but then I don't see why they have added this. Not only that I'm not even sure what these set of symbols do over here. I was hoping you being a top student would help me out."

Ray wanted to take a step back and run away. It was fine when he had Lenny helping him out but the truth was Ray knew nothing of magic circles.

"I'm sorry I don't know what to tell you, but I'm just as stumped and confused as you are."

After hearing Ray's words, Kaito felt a bit better about himself. He too was a top student and a part of him was hoping Ray wouldn't have been able to figure it out.

*****

Standing on the second-floor balcony of the training hall. Del was currently looking at the magic circle he had finished creating and all the students. That's when a Roland assistant wearing white robes appeared.

"Professor Del, all the students from your class have arrived in the training hall safely, including the upper-class students. The other classes are making their way in now with the other professors."

"Looks like the preparations are complete," Del said with a smile on his face.

And at that moment, a true infected appeared behind the white robbed assistant. A blade was struck through the man's stomach and slowly the shadows from the true infected stated to surround the man and consume him.

Del looked at the true infected and started laughing like a mad man.

"It looks like I chose the right side after all."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 267 - Breakthrough
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now that the group was inside the room, they could hear their hearts beating form the excitement. Even Bliss who was usually calm and focused felt different. Everyone apart of Ray's group would be experiencing the assessment for the first time, all apart from Van and Kaito.

The two of them stood by each other's side and just looked at each other.

"Were you like that your first time?" Kaito asked.

Then a thought of him and Amy going in together last time appeared. Back then Van was so happy being surrounded by his friends.

"Yeah, I guess so."

Just then though while Ray was patiently waiting for everything to start. He could feel a pair of daggers staring into his back. When he turned around, he could see Professor Springett standing right behind him with a little girl.

"Hello, nice to meet you." The little girl said.

The little girl had shiny pink hair, something Ray hadn't seen before in Roland. But that was when Max recognised who it was right away.

"Aren't you the prince…" Before max could finish his words, Springett had placed her hand over his mouth.

"Not a word of this too anyone, do you understand?" Max slowly nodded his head and she removed her hand.

Max had recognised the girl as the princess of the Cryterian Kingdom, named Norah Sine. She was instantly recognisable from her pink her, something that only the royalty of that kingdom had.

Suddenly, at the same time, Springett and Ray felt a strange feeling in the room. At the same time, there were several others as well. Including Blake and Flynn.

Springett then pulled Norah closer to her and drew her sword.

That's when in the centre of the magic circle just underneath the crystal, A True infected had appeared.

"What is that?"

"isn't that a True infected?"

"You mean it's part of the shadow, how did it manage to sneak inside?"

"Maybe it's part of the assessment?"

All eyes in the room were now focused on one thing, the True infected stood in the middle. Although the man stood still the shadows surrounding his body did not. Moving, swirling around as if they were alive.

It was one of the most powerful minions of the shadow.

"Van!" Ray shouted, "And the rest of you, whatever you do don't separate from me."

If Ray remembered correctly last time. The shadow had no clue of Ray's existence in the academy but it did know about Van and it might just be after him.

The True infected then lifted his arm and with it, the magic circle underneath his feat started to glow. From the circle, shadows started to appear.

"Why are the shadow making such a bold move and Inside the academy at that!" Ray thought, "Is Van even more important to them than I first thought."

"Quickly let's get out here!" The students said as they tried to run out of the entrance from which they came.

But then the True infected lifted his hand and at the same time, a wall of black shadows appeared covering the entrance. The students closest to the entrance were suddenly grabbed by the shadows and pulled into the wall.

Their screams were heard for a brief moment and then never again after.

"What do we do, we can't leave now?"

"It looks like the only way is to defeat that man." The young professor Flynn said.

He stood forward and suddenly the aura around his body started to change. A faint light glow could be seen surrounding his body.

"Breakthrough!" Flynn shouted.

A burst of energy left his body and his hair was now floating in constant motion as magic had surrounded and entered his body.

"Oh did the professor just Breakthrough?"

"I've never seen a mage do that before, I can feel the magic coming off him from here."

Even Ray who was standing quite a distance away from Flynn was able to feel the magic surrounding Flynn's body.

"So that's a breakthrough." If there was one major difference between the upper class and the middle-class it was this. You weren't considered a real mage until you were able to break through and looking at Flynn, Ray felt like he knew why.

"Here, take her," Springett said as she pushed Norah over to Ray. "You guys get out of here."

"But how are we men to get out, there's that huge shadow wall blocking the only entrance!" Max cried.

Springett didn't give an answer but simply looked at Ray. It didn't matter what her suspicions of Ray were but she felt like he was on their side and right now she needed his help.

"I can give it a try," Ray replied.

As Ray walked up to the wall, he was busy thinking about what to do. With the professors there it seemed like they were powerful enough to deal with a true infected. Especially with two of them and after witnessing the Breakthrough Ray was hopeful.

The problem was the teleportation circle. It had already started its activation and would take some time before it would fully activate and when it did it would teleport all the students to who knows where but it definitely wasn't going to be a regular hunting ground.

Then a loud scream was heard.

"Springett I need help!" Flynn shouted. "You know my abilities aren't really suited for combat." He said running towards Springett and the others.

The true infected was right on Flynn's tail-chasing after him. Springett drew out her sword and sliced the shadows face.

Success.

Or so she thought. The shadows reshifted and just reformed the face once again. Then the shadow continued to move forward and floated right past Springett and the others, when it was close enough it lifted its hand and from its palm releasing a dark energy ball.

The attack wasn't aimed at Ray or any of the Professors though. The ball was heading straight for Van.

****

Special thanks to KINGDOM, ancientwatcher, Itz_Osas_Billions, Fenrir2040,?Doodlebug, for the gifts they really help me continue working hard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 268 - Taken away
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The true infected that was in the training hall with them was different from the true infected that Ray had seen or faced before. This one was able to levitate, shoot out dark energy, and also control the shadows a lot better.

Ray thought back to how the True infected were created in the first place, the fact that they were made form infected humans who the shadow believed were strong, maybe because Ray was at Avrion all the True infected he had seen came from past Knights, and this one was a mage.

Mage's were rarer in the first place, so it made sense to see less of them and it also seemed like this one was a lot stronger.

As the true infected flew past the professor, it had its target in sight. It lifted up its hand and out came a burst of dark energy heading straight for Van.

The attack was too fast for the professors to react and even if they did, they could feel the strong power coming from the attack.

Van stood there motionless with nothing to do but wait for the attack to hit him. He closed his eyes and waited but the pain he was expecting never came.

"Van!" Bliss shouted.

Everyone turned to see what had happened and stood in front of Van was Ray. He had taken the strike head-on and allowed it to just hit his body. The blow hurt but Ray was strong enough to take something like this.

The group looked at Ray surprised, he had just received an attack from a true infected yet there wasn't a scratch on him. Even the true infected had paused as this was a first for him.

Ray grabbed his forearm where the attack had landed, there was the tiniest of marks that had appeared.

"I was right, it looks like the one they're after is Van."

The professors turned the head they looked at Ray standing there in disbelief.

"How were you able to withstand the attack?" Flynn asked.

"Now is not the time to look away," Springett said as she kept an eye on the true infected.

"How are we meant to beat this thing?" Flynn asked, "It looks like physical attacks don't work on It, the shadows just reform."

"Did you not look at the report that had come from Avrion, we need to find the heart."

*****

While the professors were busy dealing with the true infected the upper-class students were trying their best to calm down and help the lower-class students. Since the exit was blocked, they tried to move them away from the magic circle and as close to the outside walls as possible.

One of the upper-class students, had a single earing on his left ear, his hair was swept back in a ponytail and he had fierce eyes. His name was Loot and he was taking charge of the lower-class students for now.

Once most of the first years were safely away from the true infected and out of the circle, the upper-class students were deciding what to do.

"Should we help out the professors?" Loot asked.

"No just leave them be." Blake said, "The exit's blocked and it's not like we can go anywhere, the professors should be able to deal with it soon."

The group looked at the circle, the crystal in the middle was no longer shining brightly but was now black in colour and shadows were swirling around the whole thing.

"Yeah, perhaps the best thing to do is not act and just wait." Loot replied.

But suddenly one of the shadows from the crystal reached out, it took the shape of a hand and came at lightning speed grabbing Blake by the head, then it started to pull him towards the circle.

More hands started to appear form the crystal, it started to reach out and grab several students around it, pulling them all into the magic circle.

"It's like it's alive and why does it one us to go in the circle so bad?" As a hand came out to reach for Loot, he started to do a chant and at the last second a circle portal appeared. The hand went into the portal and when it closed, the shadow hand was chopped off and half of it had disappeared into the portal.

Blake, on the other hand, was struggling against the shadow, he tried his best to resist and bought himself some time, but the shadow continued to drag him in and when he had finally reached the circle part of the magic circle, it lit up and after a few seconds Blake was nowhere to be seen.

The hand's continued to drag the other lower-class students into the circle and the same thing was happening to them, each of them were being teleported one by one.

The Professors could no longer take their time dealing with the true infected. Springett drew her sword.

"Breakthrough."

As the energy around her got stronger and entered inside her body, a faint outline was seen and her hair had started to move about like a snake.

She lunged forward and swung her sword out once again, this time when the attack had hit the infected, a large screeching sound was heard with it. When looking closely at the sword, small vibrations could be seen with it.

The True infected had been completely sliced in half by her sound wave attack.

"Look the professors did it!" Max shouted.

"No!" Ray said, "They need to get rid of the heart."

Just then the shadows started to reform and attach itself. It pulled the two halves of its body together until it was once again whole.

With the last attack, it seemed like the True infected was filled with anger and at the same time, the shadows surrounding the Crystal reacted. Thousands of large and small black hands came shooting out from the crystal grabbing the remaining students and pulling them in.

"There too many of them!" Loot said, "Not even my space magic can save me."

Then before he knew it, he and the rest of the lower class students had been pulled in and teleported to someplace else.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 269 - Not human
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the upper-class students gone, the lower-class students started to go into a panic, they no longer were using their magic to block and stop the hands but were running around aimlessly looking for a chance to escape.

The hands continued to leave the crystal and pull in the students.

And now, nearly all of the students had been dragged into the teleportation circle leaving only the professors, Ray's group and Norah the princess, who hadn't been taken yet.

However, the number of black hands hadn't diminished and with all the other students dealt with, it could focus all its attention on the last few remaining students.

Flynn was the first to get taken by them and dragged away, Springett knew there was nothing she could do so she went over to the princess Norah, to make sure she was safe hugging her tightly before being swept up.

"This thing, it's definitely teleporting us and I hope isn't taking us to where I think it is," Ray said. "The shadow arms, it looks like they're actually harmless and won't hurt us but at the same time I and the professors have no way to deal with them."

Ray then looked back at Van and the others.

"We have no choice but to let it take us."

Bliss who had been trying her best to make sense of the situation had come to the same conclusion as Ray, no matter what the shadow was going to take them to wherever it wanted to.

"Everyone grab hold of one another." Bliss said, "Don't let go, when we get teleported, we should end up in the same place."

This was the best option, if they were to be teleported then they needed to be teleported together. Ray moved forward at the moment and reached out his hand to Van, but just before their fingertips had even touched.

Ray had been grabbed and pulled in by one of the shadow arms.

"Nes!" Max shouted.

They had no time to act the shadow had already come and was starting to pull them in.

"Kaito!" Max said as he saw him being swept away.

Then before he knew it everyone had been taken away apart from Van. "Not again, is this all my fault?"

Van did nothing to resist and was slowly taken away as well.

While Ray was busy being dragged in he felt anger inside him grow, this was no longer the time to keep his secret, he cancelled his transform skill, opened up his endless void and equipped the beast armour in an instant.

When he was back at Avrion he made Raiden make a few adjustments. He infused Ray's blood with the beast weapons he owned, making them soul bound. This would allow him to equip and de equip his equipment whenever he wanted, the only drawback was that no one else could use these weapons now and he would no longer be able to sell them.

The shadows surrounding Ray disappeared in an instant as he unleashed the powerful Ki surrounding his body. Then Ray stared and looked hard at the true infected that had caused all this mess.

"You, I should have killed you that day!?? Ray shouted. At the time when it had appeared in their room, Ray had allowed it to escape, because he wasn't able to track it with his dragon eyes, Ray had decided to ignore and it was a mistake on his part he felt.

Ray dashed forward fast with his fist ready, then just before his fist could reach the true infected, multiple hands had come out after him.

"Doppelganger"

Using this skill, a clone of himself had appeared, the hands immediately grabbed the clone and pulled him in but Ray was free. He carried on moving and shot out a large fireball out of the palm of his hand.

The shadow knocked the fireball away but behind it was Ray himself. Ray grabbed onto the shadow's chest and chucked him onto the ground pinning him down to the floor making sure his hand was directly above its heart.

"Why are you after Van?" Ray knew that all the true infected were connected back to the shadow in some way. He would control them all like a puppet and if Ray was right, he would be listening in right now.

"The one controlling you, the shadow plague leader, who is it!" Ray shouted.

And as Ray thought, the Shadow plague was indeed listening and watching everything that was happening.

"And why would I tell you that?" The true infected said. "But you, you are strange indeed, you smell different. Are you sure you are human?"

For a second the question the true infected asked caught Ray off guard, and in that brief moment. Ray was engulfed by the hands and taken away into the magic circle.

All the shadows were gone and the crystal with it, all that was left was an empty training room. Even the shadow wall blocking the exit had disappeared and standing outside where the rest of the students who were preparing to enter the room for the practical assessment.

"What happened, that black wall that was blocking the entrance, it's gone."

"Huh and there's no one inside, where are the others and the professors?"

******

As the teleportation circle was slowly doing its magic, all of the students where being transported to somewhere but the big question was where. Ray had a hunch but he was hoping it wasn't true.

Finally, after a few moments, the teleportation had ended and Ray was in a newfound place. As he looked around, he could see the black dead land, he was surrounded by forest and dead trees. And the little water there was around him was red in colour like little drops of lava.

Ray's prediction was right, they were inside the shadow's territory.

****

Special thanks to Daoist899694, IcyShadow2323, Fenrir2040, KINGDOM, ancientwatcher and Itz_Osas_Billions. It really means a lot to me and helps me continue my journey to being an author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270 - Selecting a beast core
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back outside of Roland academy, outside of the city. Lenny had just informed Ray of what to do for the question that Professor Springett had proposed about the magic circle.

He was smiling out himself thinking about how stunned they would be when they saw Ray reveal his great knowledge that was actually Lenny's.

But his mind quickly moved onto something else. He was fascinated by how Martha and Jack were able to communicate with Ray.

Lenny decided to ask for more details about how the messaging system worked. Martha and Jack did their best to describe every detail of the system to Lenny and he was now even more fascinated.

He had heard of telepathy communication from a distance before, but this would be the case for an individual to another individual. But what Ray had was a connected network, where he was able to message any person whenever he wanted at any time and even they themselves were able to do the same.

Lenny couldn't imagine the amount of magic and how powerful the magic would have to be able to sustain such a thing. This type of thing was the power of gods, not humans. Lenny had a theory that perhaps a god spirit really did reside inside of Ray.

Evil and demonic spirits could reside inside that of humans, so why not good and godly spirits. While Lenny was deep in thought, Martha had decided to interrupt him.

"About our conversation earlier?" Martha said, "about making me stronger, I want to do it."

Lenny looked at Martha and could see a fierce look and determination in her eyes, she wasn't going to take no as a simple answer and someone like her, it might just work.

"I thought you might, I hadn't told you that story for no reason." Said Lenny. "There will need to be some preparation first, we need to gather at least thirty basic tier crystals all of the same type, and we need to be careful in choosing what type of beast crystal."

"What do you mean?"

"Depending on the base of the beast crystal, will also determine what magical power and other properties you will obtain, not only that but we have to be sure the beast is not too strong for your body." Lenny explained. "I'm sure you are aware of the beast core rankings, well the rankings don't generally mean the strength of the beast, it's just the evolution path of that specific beast. Take a black wolf for example. It starts off as a basic tier beast, then has the chance to evolve, when beasts take an evolution path some of these paths come to a dead end and the beats are no longer able to evolve, while others can continue evolving."

"Now there are also beasts that have no evolution and are just born insanely strong like a dragon for example, but if we look at the Dragons relative the Wyvern, we can use them as an example. They start out as an egg and when are born are a baby Wyvern, when it is at this stage it is still considered a basic tier beast. But a Wyvern basic tier and a wolf basic tier there would be no competition in who would win."

Martha was kind of understanding what Lenny was trying to say, while Jack lost track of everything a while ago and decided to keep on nodding not to feel left out.

"So if we chose a beast crystal that is too strong for my body, will it lead to death?" Martha asked.

"Precisely." Lenny replied, "That was one of the major mistakes the human's made when trying to absorb these crystals. Of course, there are other things as well but this is an important first step."

"Would I be able to this as well to get stronger?" Jack asked

Lenny then looked at Jack for a few moments before deciding to reply.

"You are already plenty strong boy, and I don't think you have reached your limit either," Lenny replied, But I will be honest I'm not sure. It's hard to say whether werewolves were an existence to begin with? If so, I doubt we could allow you to absorb crystals but I also have a theory that this might be how the werewolves race was born to begin with."

Lenny mind started to wonder, he was getting ideas with tinkering with Jack's body, doing tests of his own, but he knew that would be wrong. Jack was a companion. It was fine tinkering with his own body and helping those that were willing like Martha but he had his own morals and wouldn't do something against another person's wishes.

Jack was a little upset with the answer Lenny had given him but at the same time, he realised something. Jack himself didn't know much about werewolves or why he even was one. He had yet to go home and discuss with his family. Were his father and mother the same as him?

Or had someone experimented with him when he was younger like Lenny did himself. When the time was right Jack would need to go back home and ask his family these questions.

"Do you have any idea what type of beast we should go looking for then?" Martha asked.

"I have seen you fight for the last couple of days while we have been practising outside. I have a good idea of what would suit you. I will keep an eye on the local Quest bored and see if anything pops up but I do have to ask you one more time. Although I am almost certain I can avoid death, I'm not a hundred percent sure this will work, even when I used this method on myself I nearly died, if it doesn't kill you and is not successful, there is a good chance you could become crippled, unable to use Ki at all."

Martha clenched her fist hard, at the moment she wasn't even strong enough to go up against advanced tier beast on her own. There were still things like the true infected out there and even shadow infected beasts.

Right now, she knew she was basically useless baggage and it looked like the people around her were only getting stronger while she was being left behind.

"I will do it," Martha said.

***

Note second chapter will be out a lot later today, I couldn't get to sleep.

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, ancientwatcher, DarkShadow_DS, and nathan_umide for the gifts you guys really help me on my author journey.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 271 - Infamous Guild
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All Martha could do was wait patiently for Lenny to come back to the two of them and let them know if he had found anything. She was getting restless as the days went by and there was still no news of finding a suitable beast.

The three of them stayed at an Inn with three bedrooms and paid for it month by month. Martha had long gotten used to going to the bathroom to get changed, due to her experience at the academy.

They had no clue how long Ray would be in Roland and at the same time, it was better and cheaper, to pay monthly rather than paying day by the day.

But watching the days go by, Martha had a thought. Lenny would often leave them two in the morning and go out on his own, the thing was Lenny would even do this before deciding to help Martha.

Inside the room, Martha and Jack were just sorting out their gear for their quest that they would go on today. With nothing to do, they often chose a random quest to complete. Martha used to be an F rank adventurer but managed to rank up quickly and was now a Rank D with Jack.

Most of the quests involved hunting beats, escorting merchants and Nobles and finally going to nearby towns and villages to sort out problems, usually involving beasts. There were higher difficulty quests as well since Roland was a big city but while waiting for Lenny, they decided to just do the easy stuff.

"Hey Jack, what do you think of Lenny?" Martha asked.

"What do you mean?" Jack said as he swung his great sword, a daily routine for him.

"Well you and Ray have been with him a lot longer than I have, and he's not part of the Red wings, so I guess what I'm asking is, if you trust him?" Martha seemed to be having doubts over the whole thing, she was practically putting all her hopes in a crazy author.

"I think we can trust him," Jack replied, "Although he is not part of the Red wings our enemy is the same. When he talks about the shadow, I can really feel his anger."

With Jack's answer, Martha started to feel a little better, before heading off to their escort Job for the Day, Martha wanted to send Slyvia an update. So far she had been giving a daily report on how they were doing via the system and Sylvia and the others were doing the same.

"Huh?" Martha then tried sending a message again, then tried sending it to a different person but she would get the same result.

"Hey try to send a message, something is going on," Martha said panicked.

Jack tried sending a message to Martha and the same error message had appeared.

"Do you think something happened to Ray?" Martha asked.

"Maybe but I wouldn't worry about it too much, this has happened once before," Jack said thinking about the time when he was stuck underneath Avrion.

"Is there a reason?"

"I'm really not sure, last time it had happened Ray was separated from us, though when we found him, he looked fine so I don't have a clue why the system does this from time to time," Jack said.

Martha had a huge frown on her face as she was deep in thought, ever since Monk had left she had been worried about everything and looked into things deeper than most people usually would.

"Relax Martha," Jack said looking into her eyes. "Ray is strong, stronger than us all, I chose to follow him not only because he saved my life but because it seems like he's going to be a man that will change the world."

The two of them then went out for their escort quest for the day, it was an easy task with no troubles along the way. They had met with a group of Bandits and the start of their journey but after Jack knocked one of them away, they quickly scurried off.

As long as they stuck to the path, they would usually see no beasts. After completing their Quest and getting the reward money from the guildhall, the two of them went back in their room for a little bit of rest before going out again for the night.

But to their surprise, for once Lenny was in the room waiting for the two of them.

"Oh, there you are." Said Lenny all exited. "I have finally found a suitable beast and the quest to go with it. The quest is to take out a flock of Harpies. These beasts use Wind magic, a very minimal amount of wind magic to help them fly. Their bodies are too heavy for their wings to work properly and the base of their form is mostly Human as well. I think this type of beast is perfect for us."

"A flock, although Harpies are weak usually, they travel in groups of hundreds, even with our strength we would be worn out taking them all on," Martha said.

"Worry not, the type of quest is a group guild quest, we should hurry and register now, as they go out for the hunt tomorrow."

The three of them then walked over to the guildhall that was not too far from the inn. It was the reason why they had chosen the inn in the first place.

When they arrived is was as Lenny had said, there was a group quest to subjugate the flock of Harpies and around twenty adventures had already joined.

The three of them registered for the quest. Jack and Martha had registered under the guild the Red wings, while Lenny had done so as a solo Adventurer.

To Jack and Martha's surprise, they could see that Lenny was considered a Rank B adventurer, something he had kept secret from the others for a while now. He also never had his Tag on display.

As the three of them left the hall to go to the locale Tavern for drinks, they were unaware of what commotion they had caused that night.

At the Guildhall, nearly all the adventures were talking about something.

"Hey look at this, someone from that infamous Red wings group registered for the quest tomorrow."

"You mean the guild that had taken down Avrion?"

"Yeah, it looks like it, two of their members are on here."

"What Rank are they?"

"Here it says there only Rank D."

"Rank D huh, I wonder if they are really as strong as everyone makes them out to be. We will just have to see tomorrow."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 272 - Underdogs
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ever since Avrion had their intense battle with the Shadow plague, Slyvia and the other elders had been working hard at restoring the city but they quickly realised that it wasn't the only problem. They needed to also fix their reputation.

When Ray offered all the knights in Avrion a chance to stay in the City but had to join his guild, half of the knights had left. Ray had no choice but to do this in fear that there could be people working for the Pure bloods or part of the Dark guild within their army.

This, of course, led a lot of the knights to have a bitter feeling in their mouth, they spread rumours of how the Red wings had taken over and destroyed Avrion.

But With Slyvia's hard efforts she managed to change people's opinion of them and even found the root cause of most of the rumours. Avrion had finished building their guildhall and often sent out knights to help out the surrounding cities and towns free of charge.

This allowed Avrion to open up to trade once more and slowly they were starting to return to normal. Then when the Guildhall had finished being built, they were able to complete quests that contributed to their Guild points.

Every time a knight would complete a quest, she made sure that people knew that it was someone from the Red wings. Knights and guild members were now asked to wear the guilds crest proudly on their armour and clothing.

Not only that, but all members of the Guild had their equipment soul bound, something no one had really seen before. This was thanks to Randin, he was one of the very few blacksmiths in the world who knew how to bind equipment to their user and the others seeing this all started to learn of the Red wings name.

In just the short amount of time they had, they managed to raise their guild ranking form an F to a C. All these things added together had made the Red wings group infamous.

Jack and Martha had known about these feats from updates from Sylvia but they didn't know the extent of them. When word got out that the Red wings had joined the Harpy quest. The adventures and Guilds were all excited to see if the rumours of their strength were real.

When Martha and the other two arrived at the front of the guildhall. Nearly all the adventures who had signed up were busy waiting at the front all busy chatting away. This was unusual as groups often would decide to not talk to each other and keep to themselves.

Standing in front of the group of people was a fairly large muscular man who wore heavy armour. The armour was Silver in colour with black trim but what stood out to them the most was the large shield he carried on his back that was as large as the man himself. His name was Rick and he was from the Underdog's guild, a fairly large guild based in Roland.

Next to him were two more adventures with similar coloured equipment, only one held a long sword while the other held a bow both also bearing the mark of the underdogs.

As the three of them joined the group, Martha couldn't help but ask what everyone was talking about.

"It seems like everyone a bit more excited than usual, did something happen?" Martha asked a group of five men closest to them.

"You mean you haven't heard? Apparently, two members of the Red wings guild have signed up for this quest. Everyone is eager to see what these adventurers are like."

"Hey, that's u…." Jack nearly said, but before he could finish talking Lenny was the one who covered his mouth.

"We do not know if the people around us are friend or foe," Lenny whispered. "It is always best to keep where you are from a secret. Even the other adventures chose not to reveal what guild they are from. Perhaps they have problems with other Guilds which would distract them from the quest at hand."

It was true, for smaller guilds who didn't have much of a backing, they would usually choose to hide their Guild crest, or would just claim to be normal adventurers. The Guilds were really competitive and often another guild would attack other members for petty reasons.

Perhaps one guild really needed a certain item that another guild had obtained from a quest. But for whatever reason, because they weren't a part of their guild, or a disagreement they had before, they would choose not to sell it to them and instead put it on the market place where the price was raised several times higher.

Something as simple as this could start a guild war. But between the bigger guilds, they had stronger members and a bigger backing. A war between two big guilds would be a big event and would usually damage the city's the guilds were based in. This happened less because of this very reason.

Rick then started to count the number of members that had arrived and it looked like it matched up with those that had registered.

"They must be already here then?" Rick said, "But who could it be then, were they not meant to bear there crest proudly."

Although this was true, Slyvia had only made this a requirement later on, before Jack had left for the city. Not only that but the higher members of the Red wings were free to do as they pleased. Jack and Martha were not treated as any less than anyone else at the academy as they were the original members.

They would in truth, only answer to Ray.

"It looks like everyone has gathered." Rick shouted, "As members of the Underdog guild and one of the highest Rank's here, as tradition, I will be in charge of today's quest. Although I believe there is also a solo Adventurer who bears a higher Rank then me. If he wishes to do so, he is free to take charge. Would the B rank adventurer like to take over?"

Lenny had decided to keep quiet, there was also no need for the other members to know he was the B rank, besides even if he was to take charge no one would listen to him. Especially not those from the underdog guild. They had too much pride. Lenny could just tell from Rick's tone of voice.

"Hey wait, where are the Red wing members?"

"Does that mean they already here?"

"Perhaps they are hiding their identity."

Rick hearing everyone talk about the Red wings guild instead of the Underdog guild was starting to annoy him. Usually, if the Underdogs were to join a Quest like this, the other people would be paying him attention, asking him if they were anything they could do to join a guild as powerful as the one he was in.

But there was no such thing today. The news of the Underdogs joining a quest was undermined by the fact that two members from the Red wings had joined.

"We will see if you are so great at the hunting ground," Rick said with a smirk.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 273 - Im in charge
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The quest requested that the flock of Harpies be dealt with immediately. South from the city of Roland in the green forest, a large flock had been spotted. Usually, Harpies liked to live near mountain areas but if a strong beast arrived, sometimes it would force them to leave their territory and go somewhere else.

There had been multiple reports of sightings of Harpies in the nearby forest to Roland. They weren't strong beasts on their own and the few adventures that had encountered them, dealt with them easily. The problem was the flock of harpies were starting to get hungrier, the fact that they were unable to hunt for food due to other adventures, was making them starve.

They started to become more aggressive and the flock started travelling in a group. It seemed like this flock was fairly large and still were hungry, this led the Harpies to one thing. Cannibalism, this wasn't a good sign, if Harpies started to feed on each other there was a good chance that a Crowned Harpy would appear. This was a King tier beast.

If that was to happen, even with the twenty adventures they would struggle to take it down.

As the group was slowly walked to the hunting grounds, there was still talk of just who the Red wing members might be.

"Hey do you think it was the last group of three that joined?" someone asked.

"No it can't be, one it was two Red wing members, not three, clearly the old man is with them and second of all, they look like kids. What kind of Guild would send out young adventures out to hunt all on their own?"

Hearing all the rumours about them, was starting to make Martha feel nervous, she was surprised that so many people had already known about the Red wings. It was a shame that Martha was unable to message Slyvia and her about this at the time.

"Now remember." Said Lenny, "We need to gather about thirty of these Harpy crystals, our information states that there is around a 100 of them, with the other twenty here it will be tough competition. The rules state whoever kills the beast may obtain the crystal."

As the large party continued to walk through the woods with Rick out front, they started to notice more and more trees around them getting destroyed and fallen over.

"Ready your weapons people, we are getting close," Rick commanded.

"Oh, it looks like he has some knowledge." Lenny said, "The fallen trees are a sign that the Harpies are starting to make a base nearby."

That's when a loud screeching noise was heard from above. Circling above them was a single human-shaped figure with wings, instead of legs though, there were bird-like and at the bottom where they would be feet, were deadly sharp claws instead.

Most of the group continued to slowly walk through the forest, but a single adventurer looked up at the harpy and readied his bow. As Rick turned around, he noticed what the man was doing.

"Wait, don't shoot!" Rick shouted but it was too late.

The arrow had already left his bow and had shot the Harpy down, it was defeated in a single shot.

"What's your problem I dealt with it didn't I." The man said arrogantly.

"Do you not understand, that was a scout for their base!" Rick said angrily. "Now they will know we are coming, our chance to surprise them has been ruined."

Rick then started to walk over towards the man, the rest of the adventures moved out of his way.

"Hey what are you doing, you think I'm scared of you." The arrogant man said.

Suddenly, a large fist was thrown and it landed right on the man's face. He stumbled to the floor and held up his hand against his face. The arrogant man jaw felt like it had just been shattered.

"Because of this man, now there is a higher chance that one of us will die on this quest." Rick said, "Remember I am the commander of this party, do not do anything unless told."

As the party continued to follow Rick deeper into the forest, everyone had walked past the man. What Rick had said was correct, although others might think it was a cruel way to deal with him, there was no chance for them to argue with Rick.

After all, he had a strong guild backing him, even if they did disagree with his ways, there wasn't much they could do.

Out of everyone there, only one person had stopped to help the man out.

"You are an idiot," Lenny said, "But everyone makes mistakes and deserves a second chance."

Lenny then placed his hand over the man's Jaw and a white light started to appear. The man's Jaw slowly started to heal, and eventually, it could be moved again.

Although this act didn't go unnoticed.

"Huh, he's a mage?"

"Do you think maybe he was the B rank adventurer then?"

"No, if he only knows white magic then he would be useless in combat."

Rick seeing this, immediately got excited. All though Mage's were plentiful In Roland, many of them stayed at the academy. Once they had graduated, they would go on to do greater things outside of the city. They were still a rare breed for guilds.

"You!" Rick said, "Come up here and join us."

Rick was inviting Lenny to travel with the Underdog guild members, since they were the strongest people there it was also considered the safest place, in a way this was also an invite, a way of Rick asking him to join the guild.

"I'm sorry but I must decline." Said Lenny. "I have already been hired by these two to act as their guard, if anything happens to them, I must heal them and bring them back safely."

What Lenny had said was technically true, right now he was being employed by Ray and was on a pay check.

Rick looked at the two young a.d.u.l.ts, their equipment wasn't too great, Jack had only a large great sword that looked powerful but wore nothing else. Not even any armour, which suggested all of his money and savings went on the sword.

On the other hand, Martha at best had an intermediate bow on her. At first, Rick thought that perhaps they were some rich kids of a noble who had hired a mage to protect them but it seemed impossible judging by their equipment.

Had the old man lied to him? Rick thought.

Although Rick couldn't think about it for much longer as they had finally reached the Harpies base.

****

Special thanks to Ahmed_Kabir_7439, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, for the gifts they really help.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 274 - Going with the flow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Deep inside the forest as the party was getting closer and closer to the Harpies base, more trees had been uprooted and taken down. Rick knew this was a sign that they were only getting closer. And eventually, up ahead the Harpies base was spotted.

Trees from one part of the forest had been completely removed and chucked out a distance away from the base. The harpies instead filled the ground with sticks and twigs, branches from the trees to create a type of flooring.

This left a fairly large circular area complete void of trees and this was what the harpies used as a base.

Rick commanded the group to remain a safe distance away and sent up to assassin typed class adventuress, up ahead to do some scouting. These people were great at making their footsteps silent as possible and knew the right places to be seen to avoid detection.

"Good thing he didn't make you go, huh Jack." Martha said, "You probably would have brought the whole group of harpies back with you."

Jack felt slightly embarrassed and wanted to argue his case but then remembered the time when he was at Kelberg, he thought it was easy to do these types of things. He had seen Ray and Gary do it all the time but it really wasn't.

After waiting a few moments, the two scouts came back and made a report to Rick, his facial expression didn't change though, so it was hard for the others to tell if it was good news or bad news.

The group then formed a small huddle as Rick explained his plan of action.

"It was as I expected." Said Rick. "The harpies are aware that their scout has been taken down and are now on alert. There around a hundred of them at least, if we go in attacking like this, one of us will possibly die."

The others knew Rick was experienced and the words he spoke were words of truth. Rick had seen it happen many times before and although people were selfish, no one liked seeing someone else die.

"What do we do?" Someone asked, "Should we turn around and come back another day."

people in the crowd started to mumble at the suggestion, it had taken them a long time to enter the forest and make preparations. It would also mean that they had earnt no coin for the day. A lot of people weren't so wealthy that they could afford not to complete quests for a day.

They lived earning on a day by day basis. These feelings soon started to turn into anger and frustration and was all pointed towards one person. They looked at the man who now stood by Lenny's side.

The man named Roy who had shot down the Harpy earlier.

Lenny seeing this decided to do something.

"Worry not people for I have a suggestion." Lenny then went into the bag that Jack had been carrying on his back the whole time. Since Jack was the strongest usually Jack was asked to carry the provisions. When they travelled with Ray, he would use his endless void.

Lenny then pulled out three small balls that had been wrapped in string and had a small piece of cloth on top.

"This here is what I call a gas bomb, once it makes an impact with the ground it will realise a deadly chemical. This chemical will sting and burn their eyes as if they were on fire. The Harpies will then be disorientated and that is when we would attack."

"I've never heard of such a thing." An adventurer said.

"Of course not, as I said, it's my own invention," Lenny replied.

Knowing what they would be going up against, Lenny had made preparations beforehand, even if the Harpies weren't on high alert it was an effective method to use when dealing with a large group of beasts like this one.

A lot of the adventures in the group were sceptical of Lenny's words but there was one thing that made him trusted more than others. It was the fact that he was a mage. In their eyes, Mage's done all sorts of crazy things that just seemed impossible for humans to do.

"Let's say those little balls of yours work." Rick said, "How would we get close enough to use them, if the assassins were to throw them, I fear they too would get hurt by the same weapon."

The group mumbled and talked about it once again then a grin appeared on Rick's face.

"Why don't we let the person who caused the trouble for us in the first place. Roy was it, why don't you go and throw these at their base for us." Rick suggested.

The flow of the group was starting to change and it seemed like they were going with what Rick was suggesting. Rick was a mastermind when it came to understanding the thoughts of people, Roy had already caused them trouble and as long as it wasn't them, people were fine with the chance of one of them getting hurt.

Then an unexpected voice joined the discussion.

"I'll do it," Martha said.

The group turned at looked at the young girl who looked around seventeen years of age.

"Why should you risk your own life, don't try to be a hero girl." Said Rick, "If Roy hadn't attacked the scout, then we would have been able to go in their fighting by now."

Martha looked at the man and remained calm, she wanted to say something back but decided not to. She knew he was a representative of a large guild and if she was to cause problems for her guild, she would hate it.

"I am not trying to be a hero, we can deal with this without anyone needing to go in close, I can just use my arrow to shoot away from a distance."

The adventures in the group started to laugh. Of course, Martha wasn't the only one in the group who knew how to wield a bow and arrow, even Roy could use them. The problem was the distance between the base and here was a great one.

An insane amount of strength would be needed and also there were many obstacles in the way, such as branches and trees.

Martha didn't say anything else, but just took out her bow, drew her arrow and allowed Lenny to tie one of the balls onto it.

"Ready?" She asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 275 - Jack the strong
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At first, the adventures thought that the little girl Martha was simply playing a joke on them. Perhaps she just wanted to sound brave on her first group quest, it was a common thing that got new adventures killed, trying to do something that they weren't capable of.

Not only that but what she was suggesting just seemed like an impossible task. Then with the look on her face and the fact that her companions who were with her did not react, suggested she was serious.

"I would suggest you all ready your weapons." Lenny said, "The moment the ball falls the gas will be released, it will only last a few seconds then we can charge in, a reminder not all of them will be affected and I don't know how long they will be affected for. It varies from beast to beast."

With Lenny's words, each member started to hold their weapons by their hilt. They still couldn't truly believe she would be able to do it, but felt like they should be ready just in case.

Then Martha started to gather ki in her hands and released it into her bow and finally stored in the arrow. As she let go the arrow flew out strong and fast not letting the weight of the ball or gravity affect it.

It continued to move forward and had eventually hit a Harpy causing the ball to also explode on impact.

The gas was released into the air and the ten or so Harpies next to the one who had been hit, seemed to fall to the ground and bump into each other. Some tried to fly into the sky only to hit their own companions.

Rick saw the opportunity straight away.

"Everyone charge!"

As the group of adventures ran forward, Lenny handed Martha two more balls, she shot two more arrows into different parts of the camps making sure to spread the gas as quickly as possible.

"We need to defeat at least thirty of them otherwise the trip is wasted, do you understand?" Lenny said.

Then suddenly a large figure started to run past them. "Leave this to me," Jack said as he turned his head to the other two.

In the past Jack had never been able to control his Ki well, it was just always active all over his body. But even then when his Ki was spread thin, it was incredibly strong and nearly impenetrable. Jack still wasn't able to control his Ki as well but it had gotten stronger.

His speed was far greater than anyone else there and he continued to run forward passing all the other adventures including Rick out front.

"Huh, isn't that the other kid who was with the old man?" Rick thought, "How is he so fast. We're using Ki and are able to be in front of the others yet he is still faster than us."

As soon as Jack was in sight of the base, he leapt into the air and slammed down his giant great sword into the ground killing five of the Harpies in one blow. The Harpies who had not been affected by the gas immediately saw the threat and started to surround Jack.

But he continued to be reckless as always, hitting the Harpies out of the air one by one allowing the others to attack him.

"The boy is wild." An adventurer said, "He will be killed at this rate look at all those harpies attacking him."

Martha and Lenny were not worried, although it looked like Jack had been surrounded and was getting hurt, these beasts were only of the basic tier. There was no chance they could do anything to penetrate Jack's skin.

The rest of the ground had finally caught up with Jack and were now engaged with combat with the harpies. The ones that were affected by the gas were easily dealt with as they had remained on the ground, they were only basic tiers and nearly any adventurer could deal with them.

But what made the harpies difficult to deal with, was the fact that they were able to fly, the airborne creatures were difficult to hit and manoeuvred fast.

The adventurers had no choice but to wait for the Harpies to come down and strike and at that moment deal with them in a single blow. When a group was patiently waiting for five Harpies who were hovering in the air, five arrows came past and immediately dealt with the threat.

"Who was that, was there a group of arches with us?" But when the group turned around the only thing they could see, was Martha.

The adventures continued to do battle with the Harpies and after a while of fighting, they had eventually all been dealt with.

Rick and his two men were happy with their result as they had killed fifteen of the harpies just between the three of them. Something that was beyond impressive for adventures.

But as he looked around hoping to be praised for his work, he noticed everyone attention was on somebody else. It was Jack, standing on his own in the centre of the base, next to Jack he had a total of around thirty Harpies surrounding him and he didn't have a single scratch on him.

Between him and Martha, they had taken out a total of forty harpies. Lenny, on the other hand, decided to keep his identity secret as a white mage who was only capable of healing magic. He went around to those who had injuries and started to heal them.

Although there was nothing too serious in the group.

That's when an Adventurer noticed something.

"Ahh, it's them!" He shouted, "They're a part of the Red wings." He said pointing at Jack's shoulder.

Although Jack had remained uninjured, his clothes did not. Jack wore no armour and the Harpies claws easily tore his shirt to pieces and now on his shoulder, the Red wing mark was proudly being displayed.

"It all makes sense now, why the two of them were so skilled and strong."

"But they're only kids, how did they get that strong?"

"I guess the power of the Red wings is true after all, wait to I tell my guild about this."

Martha and Jack were surprised by the reaction they were receiving. If they were to be found out and people knew about them, they had expected the reaction to be negative but that wasn't the case at all.

The adventures slowly started to approach Jack and Martha as they wanted to ask them all sorts of questions, all apart from one group, the Underdog guild members led by Rick.

He felt like he was the one who was meant to be getting all the attention, not these two people from an up and coming guild.

Although the group was noisy chatting away and happy with their success, it was shortly interrupted by an incredibly loud shriek off in the distance.

"What is that?" Jack said as he looked at an incredibly large Harpy in the distance.

****

Special thanks to Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, alvaro17, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, Sam_Passi, and Ahmed_Kabir_7439

for the gifts, they really help support me into trying to become a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 276 - Crowned Harpy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After defeating the flock of Harpies, it was time for them to gather up the beast cores. It was an easy task once Lenny had told them the correct spot to extract it on a Harpy. In some ways, it felt like Lenny was better than a library, he had a huge amount of knowledge that seemed so useful in all types of situations.

After gathering all the crystals in their pouches, bags or even space bags. The group was overjoyed, that was when they had heard the sound of a large shriek in the sky.

Jack was the first to spot what it was.

Then the loud shriek was heard once more in the sky and this time it attracted the attention of all the other adventures. As they turned to look above, a Harpy three times the size of a regular one was in the sky.

Its skull was also shaped differently from the others, the structure on the top made it look like it had three small horns imitating that of a crown but that wasn't the only thing they had to worry about, for another flock of around a hundred basic tier Harpies flew behind their King.

"What do we do?" And adventurer turned and asked, looking for their commander Rick.

However, when they turned around to gather advice, Rick had already disappeared.

"Did he abandon us? What a coward!"

As soon as Rick had heard that shriek, he knew straight away what it was. It was the sound of a being too strong for their group. A king tier beast.

This level of beast was meant for a group of B class adventures, even A, not him, he was just a C class adventurer with a bunch of Ds.

Rick decided that the best chance of surviving this, was to leave with his guild members without informing anyone. This way, when the crown harpy had arrived, the other adventures fighting it would delay them just long enough for him to get away.

But while Rick and the other two were busy running through the forest, Rick started to notice something, he had run in a different direction then they had originally come from. This was because the Crowned harpy was coming towards them from where they had entered the base.

Rick's plan was to head in the opposite direction, then circle around to head back to the city. But when he entered the forest and started to circle around, he noticed more destroyed and uprooted trees.

"Did I make a wrong turn, have we circled back to the base again/" Rick thought.

They started to move slowly to check to see how the others were doing. Perhaps with the strength of the Red wing members, they stood a chance but when they finally arrived at the base there was a strange sight.

There was another flock of around a hundred harpies and in the centre stood another Crowned harpy.

"What the, is this another harpy base, the report said there was only one!"

Just then when the three of them were hiding in the forest, they could hear the sound of footsteps behind them. As they turned, they could see a single regular Harpy looking at them.

It dashed forward for an attack but Rick was able to turn in time allowing its claws to hit his large shield on his back.

"I'll deal with this boss." The Underdog member said as he drew his sword.

But before Rick could even say anything, he already had started running off into another direction. The sword slashed the Harpy and killed it in one go. When he turned around, he was surprised to see that Rick and the other member had already left.

What he didn't know that Rick did know, was if you killed a Harpy right next to their base, the others would be able to smell the blood of their own kind. It was most likely what had attracted the Crowned Harpy to come back from the other base.

Rick wanted to tell him not to attack, to just run but it was too late. A few moments later after killing the single Harpy, he was surrounded by Harpies from the base and was torn to shreds never to be seen again, his body parts to be used as food.

****

Back at the Harpy base, the group was disorganised. With no leader, they were wondering what to do. Many of them weren't experienced adventures. They had no clue what tier beast a crowned Harpy was or how strong it was.

Was it something they could take on together? They had just defeated a hundred easily with no injuries, it shouldn't be too much of a problem. This was the train of thought that many of them had.

They drew their weapons and were ready to attack, that's when they heard a familiar voice shout out to them.

"Don't fight them, just run!" Lenny shouted, "We stand no chance."

With Lenny's warning said and done, he immediately started to scram into the forest with Martha and Jack. They had been with Lenny long enough to trust him and know he was serious. Out of all the adventures there, the only one that had listened to Lenny's words was Roy.

He was also closely following right behind the three.

The rest of the group just couldn't believe that a single large Harpy could be such a threat. At least they could try fighting it, and then if it was too strong, they could always retreat.

The group watched the crowned Harpy carefully in the sky ready to engage in combat but as they watched it, it looked like one-second it was up in the sky and the next it had disappeared.

The group tried to frantically look for where it was in the sky but it was nowhere to be seen. Then a large scream was heard.

"AHHHH!"

As the group looked towards the scream they could see that the Harpy had already landed on the floor, in front of it was an adventurer who stood there with no head.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 277 - Double trouble
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before accepting the quest, Lenny had done his research on Harpies. They weren't a stong beast on their own which was why they chose to travel in groups and hunt together. But even then, with twenty of them Lenny though it wouldn't be dangerous to go on the trip.

As long as there were no signs of a crowned Harpy. The harpy was a strange beast, it was one of the very few that would jump in evolution. There weren't many when evolving could go from a basic tier beast, straight to the king tier beast.

It was a powerful enemy that was lightning fast and even with the three of them, Lenny only had little confidence in beating it.

At the Base, no one had seen the Harpy land on the ground. It was just in the sky a few seconds ago and it had already killed one of them.

An adventurer charged in with his spear and aimed for a stab but before he could even reach the Harpy, again it had already disappeared in front of their eyes.

It was once again in the sky hovering above them. It started to circle the group with the flock above as well. The hundred or so Harpy in the air had blocked the sun and cast a shadow over them.

Everyone was now starting to feel the fear creep into their hearts. Once again, the Crowned Harpy they were keeping an eye on had disappeared, this time the adventures immediately looked to the ground but even then, they were too slow.

The Crowned Harpy had taken its next victim, the spear wielder's head was now rolling on the floor as well.

They know all knew they had no chance of fighting against such a thing. With no other options, the group decided to run. But above them in the sky, the flock was following along including the Crowned Harpy.

Lenny and the others were now deep enough into the forest where the trees were able to provide them cover, it would be hard for the regular harpies to see and dive down between the trees. As they continued to run forward though, they could hear the screams of the men behind them.

"Shouldn't we go and help!" Martha said.

"If I thought we could save them somehow, then I would have suggested it, but if there is any chance of us dying then I will pick us over them," Lenny replied.

Although Martha felt bad there was nothing they could do. Due to Lenny being on this quest in the first pace and his warning maybe some of them would be able to survive today. But if they hadn't come, she was sure they would all be dead.

As they continued to run through the forest, the struggle of the others behind them could be heard, screams before the deaths were sounded one by one.

Although they were now well hidden by the forest trees, somehow the Harpies were still able to take care of the adventures.

"Thirteen," Lenny said

"What did you say?" Martha asked, "Have you been keeping count?"

"That's thirteen people who have fallen, that means we will soon be next."

One more scream was heard and that's when Martha and Jack noticed that Roy was slowly falling behind.

The others were using Ki to run forward, pacing themselves making sure they weren't getting tired, but the same couldn't be said for Roy, he was a regular adventurer who had only just started to learn how to use Ki.

As the group continued to run forward a shadow was cast over them, the flock of Harpies had arrived.

"Damn it!" Suddenly Jack turned around and grabbed Roy, holding him in both arms. At the same time, the Crowned Harpy had landed in front of him.

As Lenny turned, he could see the Harpy on the ground, he looked up from where it had come and the branches and leaves had been cleanly cut as if they were made out of butter.

"Don't let it touch you!" Lenny shouted.

The Harpy swung its wing and Jack managed to duck down just in time, however, the tip of the wing managed to hit the top of the large great sword on Jack's back. A thud sound was heard as a piece of the sword had fallen to the floor.

Jack's sword who had been with him for a long time, it was an advanced tier weapon that was able to withstand the strongest of attacks, had just been cut off like it was nothing.

Even Jack knew if he was to be hit with that thing his body wouldn't be strong enough to take it. He then used all his strength to kick off the ground and head out with Roy. The crowned Harpy once again went up into the sky.

The group continued to run as fast as they could now picking up the pace even more. The Harpies continued to follow them but the group suffered no more attacks.

"What's it doing?" Martha asked.

"I think I have an idea," Lenny said as he looked up ahead. The forest was coming to an end and soon they would be in open land on the clean-cut grass. It was a sign that they were close to Roland City but it still would be a distance to run before they reached the city.

They had no choice though, all they could do was continue running.

"Do you remember those orbs above the city?" Lenny said, "If we make it just close enough, the Orbs will react and start to attack these beasts. It's the only chance we have."

They continued to run and finally, they had exited out of the forest and onto the green meadow where there was no cover and all of them could be seen.

At the same time though, not too far from where Lenny's group had exited from, Rick had emerged as well.

"Of all the people to have died, he had to still be alive?" Martha thought but then the sight of something else had nearly caused her to stumble and fall over.

Soon after rick had exited out of the forest above him in the sky, another flock of Harpies could be seen and there was another Crowned Harpy.

****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, SoGoodInBed, WildJay, Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, and alvaro17 for the gifts they really help.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 278 - Tower master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Standing on top of Roland city walls were a few guards stationed. There weren't many for Roland relied on the orbs to fend off any strong creatures that may be approaching.

Still, guards were needed in case there ever was an attack from another kingdom or the shadow plague. Although this was never a main concern for the city, Roland was stationed in the centre of the kingdom, so if the Alure kingdom was attacked the borders should be notified first.

But as the guard looked out into the distance, he could see a strange sight up ahead.

It looked like a small black cloud was moving at great speed coming towards them, it might have been nothing but just in case the guard decided to check it out. On the wall were a few large looking telescopes stationed across the wall. The telescopes were powered by a beast crystal and a magic circle and allowed them to see a great distance.

Once the telescope was activated, above it, a large display would show what was out in the distance. The guard then activated the telescope and moved it to where the black cloud was. That's when the images above could be seen, it wasn't a cloud but an army of Harpies all bunched up together, in total there was around two hundred of them and they were heading straight for the city.

The guard turned to his superior who was relaxing nearby.

"Inform the General immediately, there is an army of winged beast heading in our direction. It's best to get a tower master to deal with this."

Although the city had the orbs to defend from ariel attacks, it was never designed for something like this. It was designed for single powerful beasts or a strong ariel attack. The beast number was too many and would only damage the orb eventually allowing the Harpies into the city.

A few moments later after sending the message a few guards had climbed up the tower with a female by their side. She had long purple hair and had bold lipstick to match it. Instead of the white robe that many mages at Roland wore, the woman wore a black one. And in her hand was a large staff with a beast crystal at the end.

"We welcome you tower master Mia." The guard said as he bowed down.

"This better be as bad as you say it is, I have important research to attend," Mia complained.

The guard said no more words but simply showed Mia what was being displayed above the telescope.

"I guess this is worth my time."

******

As soon as Rick exited the forest and saw the others were still alive, he immediately ran over to them, not to ask for help but because this was his tactic. If the crowned Harpy was to sweep down and kill them one by one, then the more people he had around him the more chance he had of surviving.

As he moved and joined up with Lenny and the others, so did the two Harpy groups in the sky. Now around two hundred harpies followed them up in the air along with the two crowned harpies.

"What do we do, theirs two of them now!" Martha shouted.

Lenny's forehead was heavily wrinkled as he was in deep thought. There were many spells he knew and if it was just himself in this situation, he would be able to get out of it but not with everyone else.

Then one of the crowned Harpies from above, shrieked once again, signalling that it was ready for another attack. It looked down on the group of people and decided which one would be its target.

"What's that!" Rick shouted as he looked ahead of him.

Just before the crowned Harpies was about to dive down, a large line or purple energy was coming towards them. The two Crowned harpies went up higher into the air, but the same couldn't be said for the other harpies.

The attack came out too fast for them, and they were already flying at their highest point, no longer able to climb. The purple energy came out and hit every single one of them. The energy passed through their bodies and at first, it seemed like nothing had happened.

But then slowly, the Harpies wings started to crumble away into dust and eventually was blown away into the wind like a pile of ashes.

"That came from the city, we're saved!" Rick shouted.

But Martha thought differently, from the concerned look on Lenny's face she knew it wasn't over. As she looked above the two Crowned harpies were completely fine and still following them.

That's when Jack had had enough. Jack who had been at the back of the group for the longest time sprinted up to the front. With Roy still held in his hands.

While running just behind Lenny he placed Roy over his shoulder. Then made sure to hand the bag over to Lenny as well.

"Look after them," Jack said.

"No, wait! What are you planning to do?"

Then Jack suddenly stopped and turned and started running towards the other direction, he went from his two legs onto all fours, and his body started to change and finally, he had completed his transformation.

Using the power in his leg's he jumped up a great distance and managed to grab one of the Crowned harpies. This surprised the beast and caused it to panic. The weight was slowly bringing the beast down and it started to fly frantically in all different directions.

Then finally the Crowned Harpy was taken out of the air and they crashed back into the forest.

"Will he be okay?" Martha asked.

"I'm not sure, the foolish boy, he acted too fast, now that the other harpies have been destroyed, I should be able to protect us just long enough to reach the city."

Rick had witnessed the whole thing, as Jack ran back towards the beast, he had seen him transform into some sort of creature.

"You guys have been harbouring a monster," Rick said.

"Don't you dare call him a monster!" Martha snapped back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 279 - Eating till full
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back on the City wall, Mia had been gathering a spell, the energy was slowly entering her crystal and her body around her. The power was slowly building up and small little rifts in the air could be seen.

"Breakthrough."

Then Mia's hair colour suddenly changed from a dark purple to a silver colour, a faint outline could be seen on her body. She swung out her staff and at the same time dark purple energy left with it.

As soon as the energy had left her body, her hair colour had gone back to normal and the aura surrounding her had disappeared, she almost stumbled to the ground before a guard had managed to hold her up.

"Thank you handsome," Mia said as she placed her hand on the guard's face.

The guard blushed in response, although the woman was beautiful, he had heard the rumours of the Tower masters and especially Mia. Mia had been in the city for one of the longest times and no one knew her real age but she was not as young as she seemed to be on the outside.

"Sir, it seems like most of the harpies have been defeated." The guard reported to his head of staff.

"Most of them?" Mia said surprised. "Show me what you are talking about?"

The guard then went back to the telescope and moved it just above to reveal a single Crowned Harpy.

"What's that doing there, and why is it still coming towards the city?" Mia thought, "Place the telescope below, it seems the beast is chasing after something."

The man did as he was told and when the scope was placed on the ground. It reviled a group of four people running for their lives.

Mia's eyes suddenly opened wide as she walked closer to the telescope. Her eyes were focused on a single man from the group of people running away.

"What the hell are you doing old man."

****

Thanks to Jack and the mysterious purple energy, Lenny was much more confident in protecting those with him.

"Everyone get closer to me!" He shouted.

"Can you run on your own now?" Lenny asked Roy.

"Yes I have recovered my energy I won't slow you down."

Lenny then quickly placed Roy on the ground as he waited for everyone to gather around him.

They did as they were told and even Rick chose to listen to him this time. Lenny then placed both of his hands together, and slowly a small golden circle started to form. The circle started to grow in size until it had eventually surrounded all four of them.

The Harpy then disappeared from the sky and came down swiping its wing. The attack hit the golden circle causing it to vibrate rapidly but the circle was fine and so were those inside.

"Hurry!" Lenny shouted, "We must keep moving, I don't know how much more attacks the circle can take."

****

Inside the forest, Jack and the Crowned Harpy had managed to crash back at the base of the harpies. He was still transformed as a Werewolf and was ready to take the beast on.

While the Harpy was still on the ground, Jack saw this as an opportunity. He held his giant great sword on his back and dashed forward holding the sword above its head.

However, the Harpy had managed to recover in time and swiped its wing at the blade cutting it completely in half. The strike also managed to go through the blade and the tip manged to just cut Jack's chest a little.

It was the first time while being in werewolf form that his body had been damaged. Jack couldn't be reckless like he usually was, one wrong move and he would be dead.

Jack started to slowly circle the Harpy as if he was hunting his prey, then he noticed something, why Hadn't the harpy flown back into the sky? That's when he spotted that one of the Harpies wings had been damaged.

If he was to attack, he needed to come from that side the damaged right wing. He started to circle the beast again and slowly started to pick up speed, then pounced in once again this time with a swipe of his claw.

The Harpy surprisingly lifted up its damaged wing, allowing Jack to attack and damage it further. The claw ripped a good-sized chuck out of the wing but then the Harpy swung its other wing at Jack aiming at his leg.

The blow came out fast and it hit, a deep wound was now on his leg. His one advantage his speed was suddenly lost.

"It was never my style to fight using my head in the first place."

Jack decided to no longer care about his own safety and chose to dash in again clawing at the Harpy. The Harpy started to swing out both of its wings at the same time. From the outside it looked like a heavy brawl was taking place, blood started to splatter all over from both beasts.

Jack's hands were heavily damaged and so were the Harpy's wings. With nothing left to use, Jack decided to use his large jaw and big mouth to bite into the Harpy's Neck. He lifted his head and ripped part of the neck with him, now the Harpy was no longer moving.

The beast had died.

But then something strange happened, a piece of the Harpy in Jack's mouth had fallen into his stomach. A taste Jack had never felt before entered into his mouth and his body felt slightly stronger.

Jack was no longer in control, his body continued to bite into the Crowned harpy swallowing it piece by piece until eventually, all that was left was a carcass.

Jack collapsed on the ground and slowly started to turn back into a human, his wounds on his arms and legs started to heal.

At the same time, his mind was slowly coming back to him. He remembered how he had devoured the Harpy, but more importantly, he remembered the feeling. With every bite of the Harpy Jack felt like he was getting stronger and right now after finishing his meal, he felt stronger than ever.

****

Special thanks to Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, Ahmed_Kabir_7439, and DarkShadow_DS for the gifts they really help me closer to my dream of becoming a full-time author. Then I can give you even more content!

Hey guys Making a patreon I want to commission someone to make a webtoon of Reincarnated into a human? Have a goal to reach, if you want to support me check out the link in the Synopsis of the story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 280 - It was them
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The city wall no longer seemed too far away for the group and with Lenny's golden circle protecting them, as long as they kept up this pace it felt like they could make it.

The Harpy screeched again and dove down for an attack causing, the golden ball to vibrate.

"How many more attacks do you think that thing can take?" Martha asked.

"I'm really not sure but all we need it to do is last until we reach the city," Lenny replied.

Then the sound of the Harpy attacking the golden ball happened once again, but instead of the regular vibration, a cracking sound was heard. When they looked up, they could see that the golden ball they were in was starting to crack.

"Come on just a few more steps!" Lenny shouted.

The group picked up the pace and ran as hard as they could but the Harpy was still hot on their tail. It dove down once again with both its wings pointed downward, coming down like a spear. This time when the Harpy struck the barrier, the whole thing had smashed.

"Lenny can't you create another one!" Martha shouted.

"That spell required a crystal and preparation beforehand, I only brought one with me, besides I'm not made of money!" Lenny shouted.

Then above, the Harpy started to prepare itself again for its attack, it looked at the person who was at the back of the pack, Rick and had chosen its target.

Rick felt like being at the back of the pack he was most likely the Harpy's next target. He started to pray to whatever forces on the outside world could help him.

Then several screeches form the Harpy was heard.

"look!" Roy said as he pointed up above.

Five Orbs had surrounded the Harpy and out of the orbs came an electrical power, the orb constantly shocked the Harpy freezing it in place. The Harpy was gradually turning black and when it tried to fall to the ground, another shock would keep it air bourne.

The shocks continued until eventually, the Harpy was burnt to a crisp and fell to the ground.

That's when Martha noticed they were about fifty meters from the wall, although they weren't in the city, it seemed like they had come into the range of the orbs that were protecting the city.

As the Harpy lied on the ground dead, the group took a moment to catch their breath. They were all exhausted and worn out from running for their lives. No amount of training could prepare people for this sort of thing.

Then just as the group managed to catch their breath, they noticed Rick doing something, he had walked over to the beast and started carving it into pieces.

"Hey what do you think you're doing!?" Martha shouted.

"Taking what's rightfully mine, this beast tried to kill me so I deserve the beast crystal," Rick said.

"What!" Are you crazy?" Martha replied, "If it wasn't for Lenny in the first place, you would have died."

Rick had finished carving a section out of the beast and had successfully found the crystal. Martha then walked over to Rick and placed out her hand.

"Hand it over now!" Martha said.

This wasn't just any crystal, this was a king class crystal. Something other guilds and adventures could only dream to get their hands on. It was the same price as ten advanced tier crystals, which was 10 gold coins.

But Martha wasn't planning to sell it in the first place, she wanted to make beast equipment out of it, right now the Red wings were focused on increasing their power.

"You want it right? Then take it from me." Rick said with a grin holding the beast crystal proudly in his hand.

Martha didn't want to cause trouble, but something like this was worth fighting over, but at the same time she wasn't sure if she could beat Rick. Rick was a defensive character who used a shield as his main weapon. One of the worst types for Martha to go up against.

"A group like yours doesn't deserve such a thing." Rick said, "You were harbouring a beast within your Guild, if you were able to get your hands on something like this and increase your power, who knows what evil your group would do."

Rick once again looked at the shining crystal, once he returned with something as valuable as this back to the guild, he was sure to get a promotion maybe even up to the position of vice leader. The thought of it was just making him all giggly.

"Luckily that Harpy killed that disgusting beats friend of yours."

Martha was about to shout back at Rick but then she could see a large figure standing just behind him.

"Who did you say was dead?" Jack said, as he snapped the crystal out of Rick's hand.

Rick turned around to see a muscular shirtless man named Jack. He was to slow to react as Jack's foot was already in his stomach and had kicked him away onto the ground.

"Jack you're alive!" Martha said with joy.

"Looks like you managed to defeat the beast, quite impressive." Lenny said, "Perhaps you were stronger than I thought."

While Jack walked over with the crystal in his hand, he couldn't help but look over at the Harpy lying on the floor and before he knew it, his mouth was watering.

"Hey, why don't we take this big bird back with us and cook it up?" Jack suggested.

"Huh, you're not serious are you, maybe if it was a regular harpy but definitely not that," Martha replied.

"What do you mean?" Jack asked

"The higher tier the beast the more black blood the beast contains," Lenny explained. "I'm afraid eating something like that would only cause us death, it's poisonous to our bodies.

Jack then gulped, he didn't feel sick or hurt, in fact after eating the Harpy he felt stronger than ever. Was this because he was a werewolf?

"Come on, why don't we go inside and get some rest," Lenny said.

But as he turned around a spear was being directly pointed in his face, and not just him but the whole group had been surrounded by the Roland guards.

"You are not going anywhere!" The guard said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 281 - Old Tower Master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wait there must be a big mistake, we're adventures look?" Martha said as she pulled out her tag. "We were on a quest to subjugate the Harpies when they chased after us."

The guard looked at Martha with suspicion and then looked at the Harpy on the ground.

"Where are the rest of your members?" the guard said, "Who is in charge?"

"We are all that's left, He is the one that led the group," Martha said pointing at Rick who was just getting up off the ground.

"What lies, I didn't lead no group, if you check I am only a C rank but one of them is a B rank, they just wish for the death of the other Guild members to be pinned on me rather then them," Rick replied.

Rick knew that there were many members in the party from different guilds, some small, some big and usually when something happened like this. The blame would all fall on the commander. A guild usually would have to pay for the dead member or sort out the disputes and even though the Underdog guild was large, they couldn't afford something like this on their shoulders.

"What lies, Roy, tell him," Martha said.

Roy started to hesitate for a bit before answering, he didn't have the protection of a guild backing him, in his heart, he was afraid that if he said something against the Underdogs, they would target him.

But then the thought of the mistreatment he received while in the group. Rick deserved everything he could get.

"It's true, that man was our commanding leader," Roy said.

The guard looked at both of them for a moment.

"This matter will need to be settled between yourselves, the city doesn't have time to play mediator between the two. However, an investigation still needs to take place to decide whether you willingly lead the harpies to the kingdom. Although your lives were on the line, your actions could have harmed all the people in the city."

The guards then tied up each person with rope with their hands behind their backs and that included, Rick and Roy.

"Should we fight back?" Jack asked.

"No, that would just cause us even more problems," Martha replied.

"I demand a meeting with the queen," Lenny said.

The guards started to laugh.

"You have heard too many stories, not anyone can just demand a meeting with the queen, why would she come out for such a little thing like this?"

"Tell her, that her old friend Lenny is involved and I assure you she will come running out."

The guards laughed once again, who was this old man they thought. Why would the Queen know someone like him who looked like a street beggar?

But then a female in a black robe stood behind them and had come out.

"Untie that man at once!" Mia commended.

"But miss, they could be criminals working for the Shadow."

"Huh, is that one of the tower masters!" Rick said surprised.

The four Tower masters were known to be the strongest people inside of Roland academy and that included the city itself. They were well known but in name and description only. They would spend most of there days stuck up in their towers doing research of some sort hardly to be seen.

"Do you not know who that man is!" Mia said, "That is the old tower Master Lenny Steel."

"What, that's impossible, Lenny steel was an old mage, at least a hundred years of age and if my memory serves me right, he didn't look like this?" the guard said.

"His appearance has changed, he looks younger that's for sure but I wouldn't forget who he was for a second," Mia said. "It's been a long-time old man."

"You too Granny," Lenny replied.

A vein on Mia's forehead started to bulge but she quickly calmed herself down and simply smiled. It had been a long time since she met an old friend and she wasn't going to let a single comment like that ruin her day.

"Here let me do the honours of untying you," Mia suggested.

She then went behind Lenny and started to perform fire magic, the ropes started to slowly burn away but continued into Lenny's wrist.

"Wait, wait! You're burning my wrist!" Lenny screamed. "Is this because I called you Granny, but it's true you're nearly the same age as me."

The guards began to untie the rest of the group and allowed them to leave freely on the order of Mia. Although she wasn't part of the Roland army herself, the tower master, by order of the queen, had a rank just underneath the queen herself.

As long as the order was within their power, the guards were to follow.

Martha who had overheard the whole conversation was finally starting to understand. That was why Lenny had such a good relationship with the queen. Being a tower master, he would often meet with the queen to discuss things at the academy.

Not only that, but it finally explained why Lenny was so good about magic and had so much knowledge.

With everything now over, Martha and Jack had decided to head back to the inn. Lenny had decided to head out with Mia to catch up on a few things and said that they would do what was needed to be done tomorrow.

After all, it had been a long day and Martha needed to be rested for what was to come.

Roy had said his thanks and his goodbye to the others. The whole experience was a shock to him and he no longer wanted to be an adventurer. He decided he would go back to his home town and help his family out on the farm.

While Lenny and Martha were resting in their bed, they looked at their haul. Overall the group had obtained two King class beast crystals and forty basic tier crystals. The two of them couldn't stop smiling as they looked at the items.

But while Martha and Jack were celebrating, Rick, on the other hand, was not. He had gone back to his guild master to report on the quest today.

"So you have come back not only with two members less but also with nothing to show for it." The man speaking to Rick was even larger than Rick himself. In his right hand, he held a large club and on his head was the hood of a wolf, made from a real advanced tier beast.

"Boss you don't understand, I had the king tier beast crystal in my hand, but they stole it from me. After everyone had perished away in the quest, I was the only one that wasn't part of their guild there I had no chance to fight back." Rick replied sweat running down his face. He was frightened of what was going to come next.

"They stole from us!" The man shouted as he hit his club down on the floor. The room shook in response to the powerful blow. "That king beast crystal is what this guild needs to rise to the next level. No one is allowed to steal from the Underdog guild. We shall make these people pay with their blood."

****

Special thanks to Fenrir2040, ShiroDN, Electric_kid15, Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, Ahmed_Kabir_7439, and DarkShadow_DS for the gifts these really support me in making my story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 282 - Starting the experiment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a new day at Roland and Martha was well-rested for what was to come today. At last, they had gathered more than enough crystals which meant it was time for Lenny to go ahead with his testing of infusing the crystals inside her.

Lenny said he would come to grab them when the time was right and had gone out in the morning to get a few things. Martha had also sent a message to Slyvia but it would take a couple of days for it to reach them by mail.

The system had been down for a while now and still, the system didn't work. For communication, it was the easiest thing for them. There were such things as communication devices that used crystals to power them but with the system, they thought there was no need for them.

The contents of the letter had explained that the group managed to obtain two king crystals and Martha had asked if perhaps Randin could make them into a great weapon or some type of equipment for the team.

While Martha was deep in thought lying on her bed, finally Lenny had come in.

"The preparations have all been set are you ready?" Lenny asked.

Martha suddenly started to feel nervous. She was preparing herself this whole time but when the time had come she couldn't help but worry. Nearly everyone who had done this experiment before had died.

Then when images of Monk came into her head, she managed to find her resolve and walk forward.

"Let's do this."

Lenny took the two to the high street and started walking through the city. He was busy swinging a set of keys in his hand whistling while looking down rows and rows of buildings. Then they started to enter a quiet part of the city where the houses were getting bigger and bigger until they had eventually reached a mansion.

"How did you get something like this?" Jack asked.

"My friend from earlier." Lenny replied, "Turns out being a Tower master for the academy pays quite well. I was struggling to find a place to do this so it was lucky that I ran into her."

Lenny used the keys to unlock the front gate and then the three continued to walk up and into the house. When the doors opened everything was dark and covered in dust. There wasn't much furniture or decorations and most of the place was empty.

"Does no one live here?" Martha asked.

"Well Tower masters have to stay in their towers to protect the academy, only on rare occasions are they called out of their tower. So she spends most of her time in the tower doing research." Lenny answered.

The group then continued to walk around until Lenny finally found what he was looking for, the bas.e.m.e.nt. A single door led them downstairs to a large room. When the lights were turned on it reviled all sorts of things.

While most of the mansion was empty, this room was one of the only ones that were filled. There were magic books scattered all over the place, diagrams of magic circles written on pieces of paper and chalkboards, vials and flasks everywhere.

"Well, what you waiting for? Let's clean this place up a little bit," Lenny said.

The three of them got to work, clearing out the books, putting all the vials in one place and just putting general stuff away so they didn't get in the way.

Lenny then rolled out a wooden table which had four restraints on it for each of your limbs. Jack recognised it straight away as it looked similar to what he had found underneath Avrion. At the time there were still dead people on them with their hearts ripped out.

"Are you sure you need to do this?" Jack said looking at Martha one more time.

"Positive." She said as she started to climb on top of the table.

Lenny then got to work on the crystals while Jack started to tie the restrains down on Martha.

"Make sure they're on tight, we don't want her breaking free in the middle of the process. If that was to happen it could lower our chances and the evolution would be incomplete."

Lenny poured out the forty basic tier crystals on to the table form his bag. He placed one of them into a large flask which contained a liquid inside which looked like water.

"It's acid, we need to wait for the crystal to dissolve, now I remind you this process is painful, and we need to do the crystals one by one. If we're lucky, it might only take ten. If not, we might need to use thirty of them."

Lenny actually didn't know why the number of crystals varied, the only thing he could assume was each crystal was not equal in power. But if Ray was used as an example for the evolution process then it was easier to understand.

The process they were doing now was the same process Ray used, only his system did everything for him. Each basic crystal would give a set of random points between one and ten. Once the body reached a hundred the evolution process would begin.

That's why it was possible for the experiment to work with only ten crystals but was unlikely, at the same time it could also take a hundred crystals but this Lenny did not know.

He assumed that thirty would be enough based on himself and his other non-human experiments.

Once the crystal had dissolved, Lenny then poured it into another flask with a filter. Separating the acid from the melted crystal. Then just to make sure using fire magic, he heated the liquid of the crystal to allow any of the acid impurities to evaporate.

The last bit of liquid was then poured into a small test tube. The liquid was blue in colour and seemed to have a little glow surrounding it.

Looking at the liquid in the test tube it really did remind Jack of the same liquid the Dark guild members had drunk. The only difference between the two was the colour.

"It's time."

*****

Author note I forgot to press upload yesterday, I had these chapters done already.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 283 - A new system
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before the liquid was ready, there was just one more thing Lenny needed to do. He grabbed a little dagger and cut the tip of Martha's finger. Then allowed for a drop of blood to fall into the test tube.

Lenny then swirled the tube around making sure the blood and liquid were well mixed. The colour of the liquid remained the same but the blood was defiantly in there.

On the table behind him, Lenny already had a few of the other crystals going through the same process, so he would be ready to continue without slowing down.

"Open up now," Lenny said.

As Martha opened up her mouth, Lenny poured the liquid in. She could feel the liquid going through her throat and the sensation was similar to pouring thick caramel down there, only energy could be felt going through her body and she could feel it every step of the way until finally, it had entered her stomach.

A new strange sensation was felt throughout her body, her hairs were standing up and shiver was felt down her spine. The sensation was not a bad one like Lenny had said, instead it was a soothing one.

"Any second now the feeling should come and enter your body."

But Martha continued to feel the energy surround her whole body and there was no painful reaction.

Jack looked at Lenny thinking that he might have been playing some type of cruel joke on him this whole time.

"Don't look at me like that." Lenny said, "Trust me when I did this to my self the process was hell."

Finally, the energy had disappeared and left Martha's body and at the end of it, she was greeted with a surprise.

"What is this?" Martha thought.

"What's wrong, did something happen?" Lenny asked seeing the strange look on her face.

"No, it's nothing don't worry."

A message from the Red wings system had just popped up in front of her. She had no clue what this was as before she was only ever able to use the red wings system to either send messages or check who was part of the Red wings.

She had all these questions to ask but the best person for this would be Ray, the person who started it in the first place. Of course, she could have asked Lenny and it wasn't that she didn't trust him but he was not part of the Red wings and thought it was best to check with Ray first.

"Well, I guess we continue going," Lenny said.

They repeated this process of melting down the basic tier crystal and allowing Martha to drink it. Each time Martha felt the same sensation over her body and after each crystal, the system appeared with a new message.

The points kept increasing and increasing and after absorbing thirty crystals the number had finally reached 92/100.

"Strange this has never happened before, thirty crystals have been used but there have been no signs of an evolution. Do you feel like you have broken through?" Lenny asked.

"I feel stronger but not much has changed," Martha replied, then Martha thought back to the system and how it had said, 92/100. If a hundred meant an evolution then she would only need a few more crystals.

"Let's try a couple more, I feel close, I feel like something inside me is changing."

Lenny thought about it for a while and since Martha wasn't in any pain or hurt, he decided to go for it. Then after two more liquid tubes finally she had reached a hundred points.

Suddenly, Martha felt a shooting pain throughout her body. A large scream followed with it.

"Here it comes!" Lenny said, "I think she's evolving."

Martha felt like her whole body was melting from inside out. A burning fire had entered her body and she wanted to do anything to stop the pain. She struggled and struggled but Jack and Lenny made sure she was held down.

Then pain from inside her very bones itself started, when she thought the pain couldn't get any worse it just had done. Her bones were breaking down inside her and they tried to reform, however, the bones couldn't reform for some reason.

Lenny could see Martha's face going pale.

"We're losing her."

Lenny then placed his hand over Martha and searched for what was wrong inside. A white light left his hands as he aided the recovery of her body.

It seemed to work as colour started to return to her face but the problem was Lenny couldn't keep this up much longer.

"Her body, it's sucking all my mana dry, it's taking everything out of me!" Lenny shouted as he continued to feel his body go weak.

At the same time, Martha pale face was returning.

"Is there anything I can do, can you use my Ki or something!" Jack asked, desperate to help.

With Lenny focused on healing he had no time to answer Jack's question. So Jack decided to then place his hands on top of Lenny's hoping something would happen, anything.

Suddenly, energy form Jack started to leave his body and enter into Martha's. At the same time, Lenny could feel new powerful energy enter his own body.

"Is this all coming from the boy, this power is enormous just how much strength does he have?" Lenny thought, "There is only one explanation for it. He must be an alpha wolf."

With Jack passing on his energy onto Lenny. He was able to aid in the healing process. The natural process for Martha to heal was not enough but now it was working and Martha's screams started to die down.

It seemed like they had gotten through the worst part of the process as Martha started to struggle less and less and then a message appeared in front of her.

****

Special thanks to Daoist788242, Jacks412, Fenrir2040, ShiroDN, and Electric_kid15 for the gifts. You guys really help me continue my dream of becoming a full time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 284 - A new martha
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After seeing these words from the system, Martha didn't need Lenny to confirm anything, not only that but she could feel it in her body, it was screaming with an energy she had never felt before and around her heart, it felt like there was now a small shield.

"Well, looks like it was a success," Lenny said.

"Do I look any different?" Martha asked.

Jack and Lenny started to look Martha all over but there were no changes.

"I can't see anything which is good, when I went through my evolution there were no changes as well," Lenny replied.

Martha continued to move her body slowly as she felt like a new person.

"Can I perform magic now?"

"The harpies specialise in wind magic so at the very least you should be able to do that." Lenny explained, "But if you wish to learn more different types of magic, it will be harder and take some time to learn"

Lenny then went to a nearby desk to grab Martha???s Bow and Quiver. He then handed it out to her. "I guess you want to test your new power don't you?"

The three of them moved from the bas.e.m.e.nt to the outside back garden of the mansion. There was nothing special about the garden. It was a single large green field surrounded by a fence, showing what land belonged to the mansion.

When Martha stepped outside, she could smell the clean air and the grass that was on the ground. She also noticed her vision had improved. Off in the distance where the fence was at least a hundred meters away, she could see everything clearly.

She then took out her bow, placed her arrow and carefully lined up her shot and when she was ready, she let go releasing the arrow.

It flew through the air at great speed and,

"It hit." She said.

"but couldn't you do that before?" Jack asked.

"Yeah, but the thing was, I wasn't using any of my Ki this time."

Although Martha could shoot great distances, she had to add the use of Ki into her fingers, bow and the arrow as well. But now Martha was able to hit around a hundred meters without even using Ki.

From this simple test, she could see how much her power had grown. "I want you to teach me magic," Martha said.

"I thought as much." Lenny said "The gathering and controlling mana is a similar feeling to when you are using your Ki, the only difference is instead of gathering the energy from the inside, you must gather the energy from the outside. The difference between a strong and weak mage is the amount of mana they can control and gather. There are artificial ways of increasing this amount such as using a staff with a beast crystal. However, to use these items you will need precise control. Gather too much mana into the crystal and add your own to it by accident and it will break. For now, let us start by just gathering mana."

Lenny gave Martha instructions every step of the way and Martha listened and followed them carefully. It was just as Lenny had said, when trying to activate her Ki she suddenly felt two sources of energy. She started to gather the second source of energy rather than her Ki but then something strange happened.

The mana from outside started to enter inside her body. It shifted and swirled around until she had a tingling feeling on her back. The source of mana had stayed there and then something felt like it was sprouting.

Jack who was uninterested in the whole affair before was sitting on the grass, suddenly, he stood up and walked forward as he wanted to get a better view.

"An angel." He said.

Martha started to blush.

"What did you call me, I'm sorry Jack but you know my heart belongs to someone else."

Then Jack lifted his hand and pointed, not directly at her but slightly off to the side.

As she turned her head, she flinched at what she was seeing but at the same time they moved. Then she released they were attached to her body. Martha had obtained a set of Harpy wings.

Without having to think about it much Martha was able to move the wings freely as if they were another set of arms.

"I thought you said it wouldn't change my appearance?"

"Believe me I am as surprised as you, perhaps different crystals affect different people." Lenny said, "Can you try putting them away?"

Martha then closed her eyes and tried to release the mana energy from her body back to the outside world and at the same time, the wings retreated back inside her body.

"This is amazing." Lenny said, "Well what are you waiting for, give them a go, right now you are able to fulfil one of mankind's biggest dreams, the ability of flight. Sure, there are some mages that can power themselves and levitate into the air but this is completely different."

Martha once again gathered her mana and the wings had sprouted out from her body. She started to flap them about like crazy and then when she was slightly airborne, she ran forward and jumped.

"I'm doing it, I'm really doing it," Martha said as she was lifted into the air, however, it was short-lived. She glided in the air for a total of a second, before plummeting her face into the grass and mud.

"Looks like we might need some practice," Lenny said.

Even if Martha couldn't fly right now, she could already tell she could get stronger. As an archer having the aerial view and being able to attack from above was a huge advantage. It was indeed the perfect beast to pair up with her skill set.

The group then decided to rest for the night. Lenny was worn out from giving his mana during the process and so was Jack a little. The only one that was full of energy was Martha but she could see the other two were tired.

The three of them were able to rest in the mansion. Lenny had gotten permission from Mia to use it as much as he liked during his stay at Roland.

This was great news for the three as they would no longer be required to pay for an inn and it would save them money.

The three of them were sat in a living room, each on their own separate sofa with a table in the middle. The table contained a bowl of fruit that each of them was snacking on.

"Hey Lenny, if the basic tier crystals allowed me to evolve, if we repeated the process with intermediate crystals would I be able to evolve again?" Martha asked.

"In theory that could work but there is a problem, you saw and felt how you nearly died during the first evolution process. I made sure before doing it on myself I had trained up my ability in magic in case anything went wrong. With you, we took a shortcut, I believed my magic abilities would be enough to help you just like they did me but I was wrong. I would hate to think about how strong someone's magic would be if they needed to help you with another evolution."

Just then a strange knock was heard at the door. The group looked around and counted everyone there, all three of them were there so who could it be?

"Come out you damn, thieves!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 285 - Guild War Declared
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The voice from outside sounded unfamiliar to each of them. The only thing they could think of was perhaps someone had trouble with Mia and thought she still lived here. But who would be crazy enough to go up against a tower master?

Jack was the first to stand up and answer the door.

As he opened the door, a man larger than himself stood in front of him. In his right hand a club and on his head, was the hide of a wolf. It was the Underdog guild leader called, Osborne.

After receiving information from Rick about the Red wing group stealing the king tier crystal from them, they had put out an information bounty asking if anyone had seen these people. Someone had managed to recognise and follow the three to this very mansion.

"That's him, that's the guy that took the crystal." a voice from behind said.

Then when Jack peaked through one of Osborne's arms, he was able to see a group of people standing behind him and in front of them was Rick.

Before Jack could even say anything, he was immediately whacked with the large club. The strike was powerful and had sent Jack flying back into the mansion wall.

The man then stepped through the door and onto the mansion floor.

"Stop this at once!" Lenny shouted, "You are entering the grounds of the tower master Mia. If any more property of hers is destroyed she will not be happy."

Osborne then stopped advancing, even the Tower masters frightened him and while in Roland he had to obey their command.

"Is that true?" Osbourne said as he turned his head and asked someone from behind.

A member then whispered into Osbourne's ear informing him of the facts.

"I see, well today was more of a deceleration anyway," Osbourne said, he then lifted his club into the air and slammed it down onto the ground. A large crater was formed around where the club had landed and the room shook a little from the immense power.

"I am here to declare a guild war on the Red wings guild and the Underdog guild. You stole the king tier crystal from us and we shall take it back" Osbourne said in a deep powerful voice. "We shall fight out on the fields just in front of Roland, you have a week to gather as many members as possible, or leave this city and hand over the crystals."

Osbourne then turned around to leave through the doors and his group of ten men followed behind him.

Jack had finally just recovered and had rubble from the wall all over him, blood was dripping from the side of his mouth.

"You're hurt Jack!" Martha said surprised.

Jack then wiped his mouth and stared at his hand.

"It's been a long time since I was hurt by a human, that man is strong," Jack said with a smile.

Martha had almost forgotten how Jack loved fighting and something like this only got him more excited.

"What was that all about and a guild war? What does that even mean?"

"This might be a problem, declaring a Guild war is a big deal, it's something that is also announced through the Guildhall system. At any time one guild can declare a guild war on another, during this time period the two guilds who are involved are unable to accept quests until one guild has admitted defeat." Lenny answered.

"Then why give us a week, wouldn't that mean a great loss for his guild?"

"During this time guild members are able to attack other guild members with no consequences, the city will try its best to not intervene as long as it doesn't destroy any of the property. My guess is the Underdog guild whishes to grow its fame." Lenny said. "After speaking to Mia it seems like your leader has done a good job in spreading the Red wings name, you have become quite infamous. The underdog guild has been here for a long time, even when I was still at Roland. They are a powerful group and they probably believe there Is no way they can lose."

"What should we do? We don't have the system anymore, if we try to contact Slyvia to send us some back up it will take too long." Martha said worriedly.

"Then the three of us will just have to fight," Jack said as he spat out a big glob of blood. "The three of us are plenty strong enough."

"Is there no other way?"

"I'm afraid if we don't want to give up the King beast crystal, then yes."

The group discussed the matter over the next few days, and it looked like there wasn't much they could do. Martha and Jack refused to give up the Crystal. They had both risked so much for it and felt like it was unfair, just because the Underdog guild was based in Roland they would have to give it up.

They sent out another Letter to Slyvia hoping it would reach her in time.

Lenny had said, he would not be able to get involved in the matter, He was not a member of the Red wings and actually disagreed with the two's decision to fight against the guild. It was a suicide act he felt.

But he did agree to continue to help Martha. Over the next few days, they stayed at the mansion and continued to train. Martha had finally gotten the hang of her wings and was able to perform very minimal feats of wind magic.

Adding the wind magic to her arrows with her ki, made them insanely powerful and insanely sharp as well.

The three of them rarely left the mansion for fear that they would get ambushed while outside. Lenny had informed them during the time of a guild war, they were free to be attacked and the guards wouldn't punish them for it.

Right now, the safest place in Roland for them was the mansion. Of course, Jack wanted to do the opposite of what he was told, if you told him to stay in, all he wanted to do was go out.

But Jack was not selfish and understood the importance of everything.

Finally, the day had arrived where the guild war was to take place. Jack, Martha and Lenny stood quite a distance away from Roland out on the field. The guards had also been informed of the match and had cleared out the area, informing the local citizens not to go there.

Lenny had said he would not take part but stayed on standby just in case, if the two were badly beaten and not killed, at least Lenny would be able to step in and help.

In the end, no reply was received from Slyvia so the two of them were on their own.

That's when the site of a hundred men in all sorts of beast gear started walking towards them, and leading the pack was Osbourne with his large club.

The two groups stood opposite each other around 30 meters apart.

"Are you prepared to hand over the King crystal!" Osbourne shouted.

Osbourne had already made up his mind, even if they did hand over the crystal, he would continue the war and fight them. Those that stole from the Underdogs needed to be punished.

"This is our answer!" Martha then quickly readied her bow and let out a powerful arrow. It had landed on the person stood just by Osbourne's side and had knocked him down, unsure whether he was alive or dead.

"Get them!" Osbourne shouted.

****

Special thanks to ShiroDN, Fenrir2040, IcyShadow2323, Crimsonkapa, and Mohsin_Mumtaz for the gifts they really help me with my goal of becoming a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 286 - Back to Ray
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The ground was pitch black and the trees were brown with no sign of colour. The leaves looked like they had long left and there was no sign of them coming back. The little areas of water that should have been, were no longer there, and instead of ponds and rivers, they were filled with red fiery lava.

"So it really is the Shadow Continent." Ray thought as he tried to get his bearings.

As Ray looked around him, he noticed he was all alone and the only one there. The teleportation device that had been corrupted by the shadow had taken them to the shadow continent. But when Ray was taken, he was taken alone.

"They can't be too far, maybe because of the disruption in the first place we were all chucked out at random points," Ray said as he scratched his head. "Argg this type of thing isn't for me in the first place, where is Kaito or Lenny when you need them."

The other problem was just how far deep in the shadow territory where they. The shadow continent was as large, it covered half of the continent of Bronzeland and equalled in size to the human's territory combined.?They had several fortresses plotted everywhere.

If they wherein the centre, then it could take them weeks, months even to travel back to the point where they were in Alure kingdom.

Ray once again then tried sending a message but as usual, the error message had appeared. The army he had built up for tough situations such as these, he couldn't even use them.

Just then, glowing red eyes could be seen in the forest surrounding him from all different directions. Ray now had to rely on his other senses due to not having the ability to use his dragon eyes anymore. However, Ray's senses where greater than most, after evolving twice he could hear better, see better and just overall had a better feeling of things.

As the beasts came out, they slowly walked towards their prey. The beast looked just like a dog but all over its body, it had tentacles sprouting from its head and at the tip of the tentacle it had something that looked like a bone-shaped blade.

Ray didn't even need his Dragon eyes skill to know they were infected by the shadow, all beasts found in the shadow plague area had long been infected. Looking at them Ray assumed they were basic tier beasts.

But a basic tier beast infected by the shadow would have the strength of a tier above it, so right now it was more like Ray was surrounded by a group of twelve intermediate beasts.

Finally, the first one pounced forward at Ray with its tentacles shooting forward. As the tentacles came towards his head, he moved it ever so slightly allowing the spear-like tentacles to pierce into the ground and miss.

Ray then grabbed the tentacles and pulled the beast towards him and at the same time punched the beast in its head, the blow so powerful causing it to explode on impact. Black blood from the beast had covered Ray all over.

As Ray smiled, he looked like a demon covered in black blood. For him dealing with an intermediate beast was just as easy as a basic tier beast.

Ray then dashed forward dealing with each of the dogs only using his fists, killing each one of them with a single blow. He made sure to not use any of his magic skills and use just the right amount of Ki.

He was doing his best to conserve his mana and Ki. There was no telling what things he would face here, or how long they would be here.

After killing all of the basic tier beasts Ray didn't even bother to extract the crystals. They would only harbour basic tier crystals that could be sold at a low cost and right now he had a more pressing matter.

The other students, although Ray was strong enough to deal with the intermediate beasts, the others would struggle.

Just then though, while Ray was deciding on how to find the others, a larger Dog had emerged from the forest. The sound of its heavy paws could be heard and felt through the ground.

looking similar to the others before, but this one was the same size as a house.

The beast looked at its dead comrades around it and howled into the sky. Several large tentacles then sprouted from the beast's head.

While others would be stood in fear at such a great beast, Ray instead smiled with excitement. It looked like he had found another advance tier beast.

Ray immediately placed his hand on the ground.

"It's been a long time friend, now come out, Noir!"

Just then, a large portal appeared just above Ray's hand and out came a large black-furred wolf with a horn on the front of his head, only this time Noir also had new beast gear equipment. On each of her paws, they were covered with sharp metallic claws laced with poison.

The beast was slightly larger than Noir for its muscle mass but Ray was interested in how Noir would fair.

The dog fired out its tentacles towards Noir, but she was too fast, jumping backwards avoiding the strikes, then before the tentacles could retreat back, she swiped at them with her claw. As the claws touched the tentacles a big cut could be seen and a green liquid surrounding it.

"That must be the scorpion's poison?" Ray thought.

Noir was at the similar level to the advanced beast, she had evolved the first time from a wolf, into a black horned wolf, and now evolved into a larger wolf that was able to equip beast gear.?Even if the shadow plague increased the strength of an advanced tier beast to a king tier, Noir had beast gear which helped close the gap and it was looking like it did more than that.

The dog beast was learning and decided it should no longer use its tentacles, it then rushed forward and so did Noir. If the two were to collide, Ray, was afraid the beast would out power Noir, but before the two did, Noir shifted to the side and immediately got behind the beast.

It was amazing how fast she was even though she was large, she then struck with her metallic claws twice at the beast and tried biting the thing. However, when she went to bite the beast, her teeth and jaw were not strong enough to penetrate the beasts hide, but her claws still were.

She continued to attack the beast with the metallic claws, although the attack's weren't deep, it seemed to be having more of an effect then it should.

The only thing Ray could guess was, it was from the poison in the claws. It would take some time to react but it was finally working. Eventually, the beast was moving so slow even Noir had stopped attacking and looked to Ray for another command.

Ray stood there watching the beast and eventually it had stopped moving altogether.

"Maybe this place isn't so bad after all."

It was time for some grinding.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 287 - Whos fault?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The main problem Ray had faced when trying to get stronger was the lack of advanced tier beast in the Alure kingdom. It was one of the reasons why Alure kingdom was considered one of the weakest out of the six kingdoms.

If there were no high tier beast then that meant there was no way for them to get better beast gear as well. However, for Ray, it was an even more serious problem for he relied on these to get himself stronger.

But now that they were in the shadow continent, of course, there would be plenty of powerful beasts roaming around.

There was still around ten months left before the time allotted for Gary and Ray to do their duel. Ray had assumed this was because the demon inside Gary's gauntlet was struggling to take over. It needed time before it could use all its power.

It was confident that as long as it got all its power back it could defeat Ray in a fight. But what they didn't know was time was exactly what Ray needed. As long as he could find enough beasts, he would be able to get stronger at a speed unheard off.

Then a thought had come into Ray's mind, the students, before when Ray thought about the basic tier beast he was worried, but now he was even more worried. Their target was clearly Van for whatever reason and although Ray still didn't care much for the student's death, he didn't like the idea of the shadow getting what they wanted.

"Noir, can you do me a favour, if you see any of the students wearing this uniform do your best to protect them for me, okay?"

Noir howled slightly before running off in a random direction. Now that Ray had seen her strength, he was confident that she could handle herself. Even if she did meet something even more powerful than her, her speed was so great she could always run away, or Ray could just de summon her before too much damage was done.

Ray had learnt his lesson from last time, although absorbing the beast crystals healed Ray and made him feel stronger, there was always the chance Ray could come across someone who he just needed that extra strength for.

While Noir was busy out looking for the students, Ray went out for a hunt.

******

Meanwhile, somewhere in the shadow continent, half of the student's form Del's class had been transported to a certain location. This included the young professor Flynn.

"All right students please remain calm, let's do a headcount to see how many of you are here," Flynn said with his voice slightly shaking.

The students were panicked, scared and afraid, it was hard for them to feel safe when it seemed like even the professor didn't have his act together.

That was because Flynn was a white mage, his powers specialised in healing magic. He wasn't suited for combat in the slightest and when he looked around the area, he knew exactly where they were and from the look on some of the student faces, they did too.

After making sure all the students were safe, they decided to see who was there. In total there were around fifteen students who had arrived with the professor and out of those fifteen, it included Bliss and Van.

They weren't the only ones though, for Blake and another upper-class student was with them too.

The whole time Van had remained silent and was shaking.

"Hey, are you alright Van?" Bliss asked

Over the last few days before being transported. Bliss had gotten to know Van. He was a nice person who seemed like he would never even hurt a fly. She wondered how on earth everyone had gone along with calling this person a freak in the first place.

And right now, he looked like a young boy frightened.

"This, it's all my fault, I'm the reason why everyone's here."

"Stop it." Bliss said, "People are listening and we don't want them to make you a target, besides stop saying those ridiculous things."

Van decided to not say anymore but deep down he truly felt like it was his fault. Even if he didn't use any magic, it was clear that the others were after him.

"I think it's best if we stay put." Flynn said, "They always say in those survival books if you are lost it's best to stay in one area."

"Maybe that isn't the best idea." Bliss interrupted. "That might be the case if we knew where we were but we don't. It is highly unluckily that even Roland don't know where we are. I don't think help will come, we're on our own with this one."

The students started to talk amongst themselves, and then rumour started to spread. Where they really in the shadow continent?

"Professor I think the girls right." Blake added, "We need to find the others and get out of here."

Flynn didn't know what to do, he had only recently become a professor that year and suddenly all this pressure was put on his shoulders. In the end, he decided it was best to take the advice of the other two.

"Alright, everyone get ready to move out, we'll mark the ground so we know where we are. We will slowly search out and come back here as our base. In each direction, we'll travel a certain amount of distance before coming back to the base and chose a new direction." Flynn explained. "The magic circle can't have teleported us far away from the others, so they should be nearby."

Although Blake sounded confident, he was deep in his own mind, his body too was shaking and his mind was filled with a single thought.

"It's my fault that everyone is here."

*****

Special thanks to TheLordGodHimself, ShiroDN, Fenrir2040, Bridget_Oviogo, Maik_Ulrich, Adebambo_Adebowale, DarkShadow_DS. These gifts really help support me, letting this become full time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 288 - White Monkey
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is this place!" Max cried as he held his hands on his head and looked around him.

Noticing the black ground, the dead trees and the pools of lava everywhere. These were things he had only read about but he never dreamed he would end up being here.

"Hey, do you think this is still part of the training?" A student asked.

"Yeah, it might be the hunting ground made to look like the shadow world or something."

The other half of Del's class had been teleported to a new location. In this group, there were fifteen students that included two of the upperclassmen and there was also the professor Springett.

Springett bent down and picked up pieces of soil from the ground. She was trying to sense something and closed her eyes. The look on her face remained the same but something in her mind had clicked.

"All students please gather around I have an important message for you all," Springett said.

The students then started to gather still mumbling about where they were, but when the other students saw the worried look on the two upper-class students faces, they feared the worse.

The upper-class students had already gone through their training before, when they had come out of the teleportation circle, they already knew that this wasn't meant to be part of the test.

"I'm going to be honest with you all, this is not part of the test." She said, "And even worse, it seems like we have been transported to the shadow continent, the soil, everything around us is filled with its dark energy."

As soon as Springett said those words some people broke down in tears. They wanted to go home, thinking why us, what had they done to deserve this.

"Hey is what she saying true?" Max asked Kaito who had also been transported with him.

"Yeah, this place matches up with exactly what I was taught from the empire." Kaito said, "The good thing is at least we weren't transported into one of their fortresses, it seems like we're just in the middle of nowhere at the moment."

"And that's meant to be good news!" Max said.

"Most likely the teleportation circle, they couldn't completely control where it would go. My question is how did the teleportation circle change its destination? It had to have been planned from the inside, not only that but the crystal had suddenly changed and was being consumed with dark energy, without someone physically being with us at the time that just wouldn't be possible."

"You mean there's the chance that someone at the academy is working for the shadow? We have to tell the professor."

Before Max had even taken two steps, Kaito tucked on his sleeve and pulled him back.

"Max, we don't know who the traitor is, we can't trust anyone."

Just then as the students were starting to get a hang of their bearings, someone spotted something from one of the trees in the forest.

"Look at that, it's a monkey!" A female student pointed.

The monkey's fur was bright white and was easy to spot between the dark trees. It had two tail's instead of one and was the regular size for a monkey. But professor Springett wasn't a fool, all beasts that were in the shadow continent had already been infected.

On its white fur, there were patches of purple and small bits of foam appearing from its mouth. Springett drew her sword.

"Everyone, get ready for combat!" she shouted.

At the same time, the monkey opened its mouth wide, displaying two large fangs. Out from its mouth, a loud yell was heard which was piercing to the ear.

"Oh no!" Kaito said

"What, what's wrong," Max asked worriedly.

"The monkey, it's crying for help, it can see that we outnumber it and now it's calling for its friends."

A few moments later, the monkey had stopped yelling and from the trees around it, around twenty more monkeys had appeared.

"Breakthrough!" Springett wasted no time in activating her breakthrough, her hair started to glow and strange energy surrounded her.

The army of monkeys charged forward each climbing down from the tree's and running towards the students.

"Everyone, stand and fight, don't split up!" Springett ordered, but even so, the students were only low class and many of them had never experienced something like this before.

Around half of the students had ignored Springett's orders and decided to run away in the other direction.

The first monkey that charged forward was met with a quick end as Springett managed to slice it in half, but then the monkey's behind it started to run around the students that stood their ground against the monkeys.

They split into two groups and quickly ran around them and instead went for the students who decided to run away.

The student's path was quickly blocked by the army of monkey's and before they could even activate any spells, the monkeys had jumped on top of the students clawing their eyes out, cutting their bellies open and ripping out their organs.

The other student's watching the scene unfold in front of them felt sick, they went down on one knee and start to spill their guts at the site.

It didn't take long for the monkeys to finish off the seven deserters and now, they had their eyes set on the remaining eight.

"Everyone, stand behind me," Springett said, as she went to the front of the group facing the monkeys. Behind her where the two upper-class students, Kaito and Max, Princess Norah, and two other low-class students.

And in front of them where nineteen basic tier monkeys' infected by the shadow which gave them a power boost of that of an intermediate tier.

The monkeys started to charge forward and so did Springett with her blade.

"We have to support the professor!" Norah said.

She then clapped both of her hands together and the two upper-class students had done the same. Then as if the three of them were performing a synchronised dance, they lifted their hands up in the air, a wall of black earth had come up with it from the ground.

Then each of them threw out their fists and the pieces of earth broke free and fired out earth balls hitting the monkey's running towards them.

"Wow, I had heard that people from the Cryterian Kingdom specialised in earth magic but I didn't expect their princess to so skilful," Max said.

"Yeah and it looks like those two upperclassmen are part of her guard as well," Kaito added

Max didn't stand around and do nothing though, water started to gather around his hand and he started firing water blade after water blade out at the monkeys.

However, Kaito stood there still.

"What are you doing Kaito, don't you have a wand or something? Help out."

"I can't, my magic is too weak!" Kaito replied.

He then held out his hand and fired out an energy blast, but it was small and only the size of a fist. It hit one of the monkeys but it hadn't even pushed it back.

The situation was bad, although the professor was skilled along with a few of the others, they were still outnumbered.

The two lower-class students continued to shoot out energy balls to stop the advance of the monkeys but there was just too many of them.

Then when they thought things couldn't get any worse, a loud wolf's howl was heard, in in the distance a giant black wolf could be seen coming towards them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 289 - Friend or Foe
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the group was busy dealing with the white-furred monkeys, a great howl was heard in the distance.

"What was that!" Max said.

The howl wasn't ordinary and sounded like it had come from a very powerful beast or at least a large one. Suddenly loud footsteps could be heard coming towards them. From the forest, the sounds of the trees being uprooted and falling down were heard, then a fairly large figure could be seen.

As Springett sliced another monkey in half she turned her head to have a look. The large figure was coming closer and closer and it was moving at great speed.

"Damn it, do we have to deal with another beast now of all times."

The figure finally exited out of the forest and was now in full view. The figure was a wolf, large in size and a black horn sticking form the top of its head. Around its four paws, it had metallic claws.

"That thing is huge!" Max shouted.

Kaito was now visibly shaking at the beast in front of him and the two lower-class students had fallen to the ground.

"We can't win, we can't beat that thing, we're all going to die."

Springett started to calculate the odds of their survival. There was still around ten Monkey's to deal with and now with the addition of the new beast, she was unsure if they could still fight their way out of this.

The beast looked powerful and looked as if it was at least at the advanced tier level.

"Everyone, retreat go back int the forest just run. Princess, you have to escape." Springett commanded.

The student did as they were told, and started to retreat, while Springett herself had turned around to face the giant wolf.

However, once again the monkeys that she had been dealing with this whole time. Started to ignore her, instead as soon as they saw the human's running away, they decided to ignore her and head straight for the fleeing students.

Springett had to make the tough decision to leave the monkey's alone. She was hoping that by some miracle the remaining students might be able to deal with the monkeys, but one thing was sure, there was no way they could deal with the wolf.

"Come at me then!" Springett shouted.

But then the wolf quickly ignored Springett as well, it had moved so fast going around her and started to head for the students.

"How fast is that thing!" Springett said, "Oh no the student's!"

As she turned, she could see the wolf had already blocked the student's path, with the white monkey's behind and the giant wolf in front, they were completely blocked off from escape.

"Before I die, I just have to say, Slyvia I'm sorry for being a bad brother," Max cried, "And to all my past ex's, I'll see you in hell."

The wolf then started to charge forward and Max and the others started to prepare for their death. But then when the wolf was only a few feet away, it leapt over the students and was now placed in between the monkeys and them.

The wolf swiped its metallic claws taking out a group of the monkeys. It then picked one up with its powerful Jaw's and swung it to the side ripping its head off.

The student's stood there in shock.

"Are the beasts fighting against each other?" Norah asked.

"I mean that can happen, but I have never heard of the shadow beasts fighting with each other? Only regular beasts." Kaito answered.

Max then started to look at the wolf and he couldn't help but think he had seen it once before, he had a familiar feeling with it but didn't know why.

"Hey, do you think that's just a regular beast, it looks different from the others." Max said, "I mean it's fur, there's no purple patches and foam in its mouth, it just looks like a regular beast."

"Maybe the wolf lost its way and is in the shadow place?" Norah added.

"Even if that's the case, beasts do not like humans, whether they're infected or not, when the wolf is done killing the monkey's then it could go for us next," Kaito said.

Seeing the wolf defeat the monkey's in single swipes and using its incredible speed, the student felt like they had a better chance when they were only facing the monkeys. Even if they ran now, there was no chance they could outrun the beast, it was just too fast.

Finally, the wolf had defeated the last monkey and now the students were worried. Springett who was behind the wolf no longer was in her breakthrough mode.

She had already been in her form for about half an hour and couldn't keep it up any longer. She too had felt the same way as the students after seeing the wolf battle. At first, joy was felt when the wolf had first come and defeated the monkeys, but now, they realised that something far more dangerous had appeared.

The wolf then looked at the students and noticed the uniform they were wearing. It bent down its head and looked at Max in the eye for a few moments.

The other students stepped back but for some reason Max stayed still looking at the wolf, thinking he could have sworn he had seen it before.

"Max are you crazy, get away from it!" Kaito shouted.

But Max ignored Kaito's words and walked up to the beast. Everyone watching suddenly didn't see Max as the class clown or idiot but a brave student at this point and time.

"Guy's, I don't think it's going to hurt us," Max said as he held out his hand and started to stroke the fur on Noir's face.

"Are you?" Max asked still slightly nervous.

Noir then let out a little bark.

"Woof"

"Can you understand me?" Max asked.

"Woof!"

The student's stood there stunned, and so did the professor. She didn't have a clue what was going on. She had heard of beast tamers before, but at most they controlled basic tier beasts, nothing like this.

Noir then stood up from the ground, and bent down her head, very carefully using her teeth, she lifted Max by the back of his shirt and threw him into the air.

"Ahhh!" Max shouted, "Why did I trust a stupid wolf!"

But then when Max had landed, he realised he had safely landed on the wolf's back.

"Oh, I see now," Max said, "You want us to get on top of you don't you?"

"Woof!"

Noir then laid on the ground once again, waiting for the others to climb aboard.

"Hey what are you all waiting for, come on let's go!" Max shouted.

***

Special thanks to Bridget_Oviogo, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, Doodlebug, TheLordGodHimself

And ShiroDN for the gifts, they really help me on my journey to becoming a full time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 290 - Unlocking Skills
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ice bind!"

Just then, a trail of ice was spread across the ground floor. As the large worm-like beast tried to wiggle itself away, its tail was now trapped in place. The top half of its body continued to squirm and scream.

As it wiggled, blood form it's already open wounds across its body started to leak even more. Then from the sky, Ray came jumping down with both of his fist held together and struck the beast on top of its head like a hammer.

Ray then absorbed one of the crystals while keeping the other one in his inventory.

The place truly was a blessing for Ray. There were plenty off advanced tier beasts and every time he would absorb their crystal Ray would only feel stronger and all his tiredness and wounds from the fight before would heal up.

Originally, Ray was going to just absorb all the crystals he had come across but now he decided to keep one for its healing effect just in case of a tough battle ahead

He also had obtained two more advanced tier crystals that he had placed in his void that wasn't received from the system, to later be turned into more equipment or at the very least to sell for coin.

But as Ray was busy looking for his next thing to hunt, a strange system message had appeared. One that he hadn't seen in a very long time.

This was an unexpected message, Ray had a theory that the system was based on how many peoples lives he had saved but right now he was in the middle of the shadow continent with no one around him.

Then a thought had come to his mind.

"Was it Noir?"

He had sent out Noir a while ago and asked her to protect any students that she could find. Since Noir was part of his system it would make sense that if she saved anyone, it would also count as him saving people.

Either way, he couldn't complain about unlocking more skills.

The first five skills that had been unlocked where all resistance skills. When Ray went to look at the information, each one of them said the same thing. The resistance's strength was dependent on how many points wherein your attribute. It would be 20 percent of your total attribute points.

An example of this was Ray's fire attribute points. They were currently at 40, 20 percent of this was 8. So as long as a person's fire attribute when attacking him was less than 8, it would have no effect.

If the fire attribute was higher, then Ray would still be able to resist at least 8 points of power.

Of course, this was even hard for Ray to gauge, because his system put everything into a number's perspective. When he looked at an attack or if a fireball was shooting towards him, there would be no way for him to tell how strong a fire attack was.

However, this also meant that most of the resistance skills he had obtained where useless, for he currently only had an attribute in two elements, which were Ice, and fire.

What Ray was more interested in were the last two skills he had unlocked.

This skill allowed for a constant stream of fire to be released from the user's hand. Using the skill cost 1 mana every five seconds. It seemed like a hefty price but Ray would just have to keep an eye on it for now.

And finally, the last skill.

Using half of the user's mana points, all fire-related skill would be doubled in power including any resistance related skills for thirty minutes.

It was a buff skill that also acted as a double-edged sword. Although his fire attacks would be doubled which was a considerable amount more, it also meant he would have to finish the opponent off quickly.

Although Ray would have liked to test both of the skills out, he was in a dangerous place at the moment and needed all the energy he had.

Just then though as he was getting ready to head to his next destination, Ray saw something dash out from the edge of the forest and it started to feast on the worm he had just killed.

Usually, a beast would be put off by the blood of the beast the same tier as itself or higher. They knew that whatever killed it must have been strong so they would try to stay away.

Which meant whatever was feasting on the worm was at least above an advanced tier level.

As Ray looked at the beast, he noticed it looked similar to a lion, only where its mane would be around its neck it was completely made of fire and the beast legs looked almost horse-like.

For now, while the beast was busy feasting Ray would leave it alone. There was no need for him to do battle with something stronger than an advanced tier at the moment. He couldn't absorb the crystal and although he would have loved to get a King tier crystal to make into equipment.

In the shadow continent, that would make him as powerful as a Super tier beast.

However, as Ray took a few steps forward, the beast had quickly finished with its meal or so Ray thought. The beast was actually looking for the beast crystal inside and when it arrived there was no such thing.

Now the beast was furious and looking for a target to take its anger out on and unfortunately, Ray was its closest target.

The fire on the lion creature's mane started to burn even brighter, the tree's surrounding it had caught aflame and were slowly burning to ashes.

"I gave you a chance to live," Ray said looking at the large beats.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 291 - King tier Lion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The lion was a similar size to Noir but at the same time, they looked nothing alike. The fire around the beast's neck shined brightly and even Ray could feel the heat emitting from it standing form where he was.

Even though Ray had just received the fire resistance skill going up against a fire beast was not good for him. Most of his powerful magic attacks were fire spells due to how high his fire attribute skill was.

But using fire spells against a beast that was partly made of fire, Ray just couldn't see it going well.

As the beast starred at Ray it yelled out in a massive roar. It was so loud that the beasts in the surrounding area had run a great distance. It was clear that this beast was the king of this area.

It opened its largemouth and out came a stream of fire.

"What the! Are you a dragon now?" Ray said as he quickly ran away from the stream.

However, the breath of fire didn't stop and it continued to follow Ray. He had no choice now but to get closer to the beast.

He ran and ran until now he was directly under the thing.

"Ice bind." Ray tried to use the ice bind skill to keep the Lion in one place, but instead of freezing the lion's leg like it should have done. As soon as the ice had touched the beast it had immediately melted.

With his fire spells not working and his ice spells not working either, he had no choice.

"Time to do this the old-fashioned way, I am a knight after all."

The beast quickly jumped and pounced away so Ray was no longer underneath the thing. It then readied its breath once again and fired it towards Ray.

This time instead of a stream of fire though, little fireballs came shouting out. Ray managed to dodge the first two, but the balls of fire continued until eventually, he was hit by one of them and sent back into the air.

Ray had landed on the ground, his skin all burnt and damaged, he tried to move but the pain was just too much.

"Even with the fire resistance skill, I got hurt this bad." Ray thought.

If it wasn't for the fire resistance skill he had received in the first place, Ray feared that the single attack would have completely destroyed him.

Ray then absorbed the crystal and suddenly his wounds and skin started to heal up, new energy was felt in his body.

Ray was now thankful that he decided to keep the advanced tier crystal from earlier. The reason for doing so was for reasons like this but now he had used his last one and he would no longer get any second chances.

A clone of himself was created, and then another, now there were three copies of Ray, but his mana points had halved.

While the system didn't work properly Ray was still unable to withdraw mana from the Red wing members as well as give it. So he had to be careful while using it.

The three clones ran forward all in separate directions. The lion was temporarily confused at which one it should go for. It the end, it decided to fire out the fireballs at each one.

But now with fewer fireballs aimed at each target, Ray had an easier job at avoiding them all.

When he finally had reached the target, he allowed the two clones to go by the beast leg's while he himself jumped up and climbed on top of the beast's back.

The heat emitting from the mane was powerful and was actually hurting Ray, but with his fire resistance he could bear it and hold on.

However, the lion was simply too focused on the two clones below. They would continuously try to attack the beast's legs while making sure to avoid the attacks.

Then while Ray was held on tight to the beast back, he activated his two skills.

Mana Drain and Mana eater.

One of the clones had been trampled on and killed but that wasn't a problem. The beast had a huge supply of mana. Ray had created another clone of himself and sent it down below.

As his mana filled up, he sent out another clone and sent it below.

At the same time, his fire attribute points were slowly rising and he was finding it easier to hold onto the beast.

As the beast continued to deal with the clones it was slowly getting weaker, meanwhile, the amount of Ray's on the ground was increasing.

The lion's mane had dwindled down and now only the fur could be seen rather than the flames. Its movements were sluggish and its legs had been completely ripped apart by the clones below.

As a last-ditch effort, the beast roared once again. The fire on the mane lit up once again. Ray could see that this was the beast's last attempt, its final attack.

He commanded one of the clones to run away as far as he could away from the beast, while the others continued to attack.

Then sparks of fire started to engulf the beast's entire body. The heat was too hot for Ray to handle.

"Swap."

At that moment Ray had switched positions with the clone that was a great distance away. Now watching from afar he could see the lion covered in flames, all the clones he had created had been killed.

Then a few moments later the flames had disappeared and the beast had collapsed on the ground exhausted.

Ray had exited the forest and could see the beast panting hard.

"You stared this, you could have lived."

Then with a blow through the beast's eye, the softest part of its body, Ray reached out into its brain and activated his fire attribute burning the brain to ashes.

It may have seemed cruel but it was the only way Ray could easily kill the beast and put it out of its misery. Its hide was simply too tough for his Gauntlets to do any damage.

It would have taken a torturous amount of time and pain for him to kill the beast any other way.

No system message had appeared meaning the beast crystal was still inside.

And luckily for him, it seemed like the beast crystal was located in the head. Once the brain had burnt up, Ray could feel the energy radiating inside, locating the source of energy he pulled the crystal out through the eye socket.

He now had a King tier crystal from a flame beast.

"I wonder what I can turn you into?" Ray said smiling at the crystal.

****

Special thanks to ancientwatcher, Itz_Osas_Billions, TheLordGodHimself, pixie_ just, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, and Isaac_Lopez_3223 for the gifts all of these really help me on my journey to becoming a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 292 - Small Villiage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The second group of students started to wander out from their original location. Flynn the professor, took the lead while Blake and the other upper-class student stayed behind him. At the back of the group were Bliss and Van.

They currently were walking along a pathway that was in between the forest, they chose to do this instead of going through the forest. They felt like it was easier to see each other and less chance of encountering beast's this way.

All of what was the Shadow continent territory, once belonged to the humans as well. When the student's walked through the path they starting to understand that. Every so often they would see something that reminded them that there once was human's living here.

Including the path they were currently walking on.

Off in the distance on top of a hill was a windmill but it had been severely damaged and was no longer working.

As they continued to walk, Bliss started to look at the students around her. Van standing right next to her was in no condition to talk and wasn't really much of a fighter in the first place according to the others.

The professor who most of the students were relying on looked just as nervous as the lower-class students, which meant the only reliable people in the group was Blake and the person standing next to him.

And if she had to rely on Blake in this group, she knew they were in a bad situation. This was not a good group of people to be with.

"If only Nes was here?" As she caught herself say those words, she couldn't believe that she was starting to rely on him. But thinking back, even though he did seem a little scary, for some reason if he said everything would be okay or he would sort it out you believed him.

Just then the professor up ahead came to a stop. They had reached a little village with a well stationed in the middle and small houses placed around it. The houses looked a little worn down, but most of them were kept in good shape.

"Why don't we take a break in the village square?" Flynn said.

The group of students sat around the well like shape that here surrounded by houses. Although they hadn't travelled far, a lot of them where mentally tired walking through the shadow continent. Whenever they looked at the forest, they felt like something could come out at them any second.

"How are we going to get back to the academy?" A student asked.

"Once we meet up with Professor Springett she will be able to create a magic circle for us to go back," Flynn answered.

The student's seemed to be satisfied with the answer. It gave them hope that at least they could return.

But Bliss, Blake and the other Upper-class student didn't feel the same way. To power something that would be able to take all the students at once, they would need an incredible amount of mana. Similar to the beast crystal that brought them here.

While the other students were chatting and casually relaxing, Blake decided to go off and scout out the buildings around them. To be honest he just wanted to get away at seeing the frightened look on the students faces.

Every time he saw them in fear, he felt a little pain in his heart. This was called guilt.

He entered one of the houses and it was dark inside, he took a deep breath and sighed. "When I get back, I promise you will pay for this Del."

Just then though, Blake heard the sound of something inside the house, it was getting closer and closer. Blake readied his hand and took one step forward, the sound of something scurrying over to him was heard.

"Grahhh!" A beast had jumped from the darkness and directly towards Blake's face. He activated the magic surrounding his hand and sparks started to show.

Before the beast could reach his face, he lifted his hand and fired a lightning bolt killing it in one go.

"What was that?"

But then, the sound of something else moving was heard, it was almost like a gooey cracking sound. Sparks started to fly all around Blake's hand once again. Lifting his hand this time Blake used it as a type of light source, now he could fully see the whole room.

That's when Blake took a step back and started to move his head all around him. On the ceiling, in the corner of the room, they were everywhere. They were large round shaped balls all stuck with some type of red goo.

When Blake went to look at the dead beast he just killed, he noticed it looked like a spider but red all over, as if you could see its muscles and it had no hard-outer shell. Completely hairless.

That's when he heard the sound of cracking once again, as he looked around, he couldn't see where it was coming from. Then when looking above he finally realised what the round objects where.

From above a piece of shell had fallen to the ground. Blake raised his hand once again.

"Thunderbolt!" Firing out lightning killing the beast in one go, it fell to the ground and looked the same as the last creature.

"They're egg's, there's so many of them maybe a hundred of them in this room alone." Then a thought hit Blake in the head. "What if all the other rooms are like this as well."

Before he could even go check though, a scream was heard coming from outside.

Blake quickly rushed outside and could see that the student's where already being attacked by an army of spiders.

As he ran forward, he started firing lightning after lightning at the creatures.

"I'm not going to let any of you die!"

The spiders started to shoot out what looked like Red Goo, from there behind. It was a sticky substance but worked like a spider's web. For now, most of the students had avoided being hit, until one girl had made a mistake, the sticky red goo had attached to her hand's.

With her hand's tied she could no longer cast her magic freely. Then a group of spiders all immediately turned their attention towards her and she was covered by them in seconds.

A few seconds later, the spiders had left the body and it was already unrecognisable. The skin had all been eaten while everything else was left behind.

"No! No! No!" Blake screamed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 293 - Power unleashed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bliss and Van were outside with the rest of the students peacefully waiting. The young professor Flynn had decided to come over to ask Bliss for advice. He knew she was a top student and had good insight when it came to these sorts of things.

"Do you think we have travelled far enough?" Flynn asked. "Perhaps we should turn and head in another direction."

"To be honest, even though I said moving might be our best option, looking at the students now I see I made a mistake," Bliss replied. "They can't handle it, the travelling is too stressful for them. We can either stay here or head back to where we originally started and wait for the other group to find us."

The fact that Nes, and Springett wasn't with them, most likely meant they were in their own group out there somewhere. They had a lot stronger fighters on their team than their current group. Bliss felt like the best thing would to wait for them to journey out and find them.

"Energy blast!"

Just then, a loud explosion was heard. As Bliss and Flynn turned their head, they could see a student with their palm out looking at something horrifying.

"What is that?"

"It looks like a skinless spider?"

"Have you ever seen a spider that big, it's the same size as a small dog. That's obviously a beast."

Just then though, out form the houses that surrounded the centre area. Spiders started coming out from them one by one. At first, there weren't many but soon more and more followed.

A girl screamed in fear as she fired out energy blast after energy blast, but then the Spiders had seen her as a target and fired out Red goo tying up her hands and a few moments later she was dead eaten alive.

"Everyone around the well!" Bliss shouted.

The group quickly did as Bliss said with their back towards the well. Each of them firing at the creatures. This way all their backs were covered and they only needed to focus on their front.

The problem was the Red goo, with them all close together, the students feared they had no room to dodge and had just made themselves into a big target.

"Don't worry about that," Bliss said as if she could read the student's thoughts. she then pulled out a wand from behind her waist and started to close her eyes to concentrate.

As the spiders got closer to the students, they fired the red goo from their behind.

"Energy blast."

Just then from her wand, four energy blasts were released, each one hitting the red goo and knocking them away.

"You guys kill the damn things, I'll stop the goo from hitting us."

However, Bliss was only able to protect half of the students from the goo, she didn't have eyes on the back of her head and it was nearly impossible for the students behind.

As goo was shoot out at them, suddenly, a lightning strike came out hitting the pieces of goo and burning them to a crisp.

"I will protect you."

As the students looked up they could see that Blake had made a path from the outside directly to the students. A path of dead spiders.

With the protection of Blake and Bliss the group was faring well. The other students would continue to fire and kill the beast all incept one.

"Hey, are you going to do nothing again!" Blake shouted at Van. "Are you going to let us all die, like you did Amy. I know you might be scared but do something."

But unknown to everyone there, he couldn't, if he did, they would be in worse trouble then they were in now.

The group continued to fend off the spiders successfully, but they were quickly getting tired. Bliss had finally missed one of the red goo's and it had hit a student right in the face, covering her eyes.

"I can't see, I can't see, where am I!" She cried.

The student standing next to her could see the spiders now incredibly close, he was now the only one shooting energy blast at the Spiders. They now started to concentrate around his area. He looked at the blind student.

"I'm sorry." He then pushed her into the group of spiders and started firing his energy blast at her body as the spiders climbed on top of her.

"How could you do that, she's one of us." Bliss complained, "But as she looked up another army of spiders were quickly emerging again.

"I can't keep this up, there's nothing we can do."

And just then Blake too had run out of energy.

As Van looked at the already two dead students on the floor, and the spiders getting closer and closer he was left with no choice. If he didn't use his powers now, they would all die anyway.

Van then held out both of his hands in two directions, he concentrated his mind.

"Breakthrough!"

Van's hair was now floating, an aura could be seen around him.

"You can breakthrough!" Bliss said surprised, it was something even she hadn't achieved yet and Van was still only a lower class.

"Burst!"

As soon as Van spoke those words, a loud popping noise was heard. Then there was silence, no longer where their sounds of beast's legs scurrying and coming over to them, that was because every single one of the spiders had exploded and all that was left behind was there black blood.

***

At the same time in different places, something had happened as soon as Van had used his powers. Max and the others who were riding on top of Noir. She had felt the strong magical energy and suddenly changed the direction she was heading.

"I think she found something!" Max said.

Ray who had finished killing the lion had felt it too.

"What was that? It like something is calling to me."

And finally, inside one of the fortresses of the shadow continent. An old man with a robe above his head, his eyes suddenly opened as he felt something jolt inside him.

"it's finally here."

****

Special thanks to Daoist305121, ShiroDN, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, ancientwatcher, Itz_Osas_Billions, TheLordGodHimself, and pixie_ just

for the gifts, they really help me out with my journey to become a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 294 - King Max
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The small village that was once seemed peaceful was now covered in black blood. All the spider's guts had exploded and were out on the field.

"Did you do that Van?" Bliss asked.

But Van didn't reply, instead, he remained with both of his hands held out, shaking for the worst to come.

Then suddenly a fist came out and was planted right on Van's check hitting him hard and sending him to the floor.

"What do you think you're doing!" Bliss shouted.

"This guy," Blake said standing over him. "He could have done that at the very beginning, he could have saved the other two student's lives."

Bliss hated to be the one to agree with Blake but what he said was true. If Van was able to do something like that, then why did he wait until now to use it.

However, the punch didn't do much to Van, he stood up from the ground and looked at everyone.

"We have to run, get out of here, everyone I will stay here."

"No!" Flynn said, ??No more students are dying and I hate to say it Van but do you know what would happen if you were to die, the whole kingdom would be in an uproar. Think of your mother."

The students there including Bliss didn't understand the professor's words at all. That was because the professor was the only person there who knew Van's true identity, the prince of the Alure kingdom.

Just then though, their attention was focused on something else. They could hear something coming towards them from the forest and judging by the sound of each step it was incredibly fast.

"I knew it, they're here." Van said, "Everyone run!"

But the students knew by just how fast the mysterious figure was coming towards them, they would have no hope of running away. Then finally, the figure had come into view.

A large black wolf around the size of a house.

"That looks like it's going to be a lot more difficult than those spiders." Said Bliss.

Everyone readied into a fighting position once again, but as they looked at the beast and could see it getting closer they could see people on top of the thing.

"Are there people on top of that thing?" A student asked.

"I think there waving."

As the beast got closer, they could also hear a voice yelling out at them.

"Hey, guys!" Max shouted, "Don't attack, it's us Max and the rest, we come in peace."

Just then a thump was felt on top of Max's head.

"What do you mean and the rest?" Professor Springett said with her fist clenched.

The wolf had come to a halt as it reached the village. Standing firm and strong. As the rest looked at the beast they couldn't believe what they were seeing. Max and the others were really riding on top of such a thing.

Noir then bent down to allow the others to climb off her and once they all had done, she started to walk over to a specific student. The rest of the students cleared a path for her. Still afraid that something might happen at any second.

Just looking at the beast they felt like if they got on it's bad side it would be able to finish them with a single swipe of its claw.

It carried on moving until it eventually reached Van. it started to sniff and look at him for a second and everyone watching gulped.

"Hey hey, calm down he's not food," Max said standing in between the two.

Noir then looked at the uniform of both of them and realised it was the same one Ray had told her to protect. Making sure to follow her masters order. She left the student alone and went to lie down away from the well but still inside the village.

"Oh, Springett I missed you so much!" Flynn said with tears running down his face as he came over to hug her.

"Hey, where are the rest of the students?" a student asked, "Shouldn't there be more."

As Springett pushed Flynn away from her she looked around to assess the situation, only two had died on their side while eight on hers.

"I'm afraid we ran into some trouble and they have been killed," Springett answered.

Some of the students once again broke down in tears. They were either close friends, while others were just afraid for their lives.

As Bliss, Kaito, Van and Max regrouped as a team together, they realised one person was missing.

"Was Nes one of the student's that died then?" Bliss asked.

"No, we thought he might have been with your group." Max replied," But I guess not."

"Do you think he could be out there on his own?" Kaito added.

"Possibly, I mean we don't even know if he was transported here in the first place." Bliss said, "How did you manage to find us?"

Max then pointed at Noir who was now peacefully sleeping to the side.

"That wolf saved us when we were in trouble, it seems to understand human language. I don't know why but it asked us to get on its back and that's when it suddenly changed direction. Maybe it got the scent off one of the students." Max said.

But what Max was saying didn't make any sense Bliss thought. Why would the wolf suddenly help them and how would it know what their scent was like? It had never met them before so it had to be something else that took them here.

Although Bliss didn't think too hard about it, in the situation they were in they needed all the help they could get.

That's when Springett came over to Bliss and her group, along with professor Flynn. "Bliss, Kaito," Springett said. "We came over here to ask you if you have any ideas on how to get back. You two are our top students after all and sometimes even impress us."

"I have a way we can get back." Kaito replied, "The circle that brought us here, before we left I looked at it in detail, I remember everything about it and I'm pretty confident I can reverse it."

The group's eyes had lit up and the new information that had been revealed to them.

"Hey, you're not so useless after all," Max said as he punched Kaito on the shoulder.

"There's a problem though," Kaito said.

"It's the power source, right?" Bliss asked.

Kaito nodded.

"To transport us all back we need something of equal power to the crystal back at Roland."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 295 - True owner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the centre of the village, Kaito was busy at work drawing the teleportation circle. Thankfully he always carried a few writing crystals with him. The professors and bliss helped out too as Kaito gave them commands to what he had remembered.

The others including the professors were amazed. A teleportation circle was complicated and this one was even more so. How Kaito was able to remember everything about the circle was beyond them.

"So will we be able to go back home once the circle is done?" A student said.

"I hope so, the longer we stay here the less chance I think we have of surviving."

As Blake looked at the circle and the false hope the professors were giving the students, he couldn't stand it anymore and turned away in disgust. The professors had decided that it was best if they drew the magic circle anyway, even though they had no way to power it.

They would draw the circle for now and try to solve that problem for later, but Blake knew this and knew they had decided to keep it a secret from the rest of the students.

The circle had now gotten to the point where Bliss and the other professors could no longer help. It got far too complicated for them and they could only help with the start of the circle. They decided to make the rounds and check up on the students wellbeing.

While Max and the others were lying on Noir using her as some type of pillow.

"Hey, are you sure that thing won't eat you?" Bliss asked.

"Relax will you, we're best buds," Max replied.

The student's once in a while would come over to Max to pay their respects to the wolf and to get a closer look. Max at this moment felt like he was a king, rumours were going around that he had managed to tame such a powerful beast and he liked it.

However, there was one student who was afraid to get close.

"Van what are you doing come on," Max said.

Van slowly started to move over but Noir paid him no attention, unlike last time. Van had bad experiences with beasts and he still felt like this one had come over for him, he was sure of it.

As Bliss watched him, she realised there must have been a fear deeply rooted inside of him. This went a lot deeper than the rest of them thought.

Then Van was finally close enough to the point where he held out his hand and started to stroke Noir's fur.

"Nice dogggg d.o.g.g.y" Van said with a shaky voice.

The other two laughed as they saw the scene. That's when a little girl had come over as well.

"Do you mind if I pet the cute dog as well please?" It was Norah, the princess of another kingdom.

"I don't think it's a dog but sure go right ahead," Max said, but as he said these words, he had another intention behind them. He knew girls couldn't resist cute things like this and soon they would have the princess of a kingdom over on their side.

Then though, Max realised something, the wolf didn't look cute at all. In fact, although the other students had come over, it was more out of fear. Norah was the first one to call the thing cute.

"Thank you for protecting us back there." She said in a soft voice. "You are my hero." Then she spread out her arm's wide and dived into Noir's fur.

The other students seeing this and seeing no reaction to the thing, really felt strange. Their whole life they had been told beasts where dangerous. That on instinct they would attack and kill humans. On top of their useful beast cores, this led humans to always hunt beasts.

But here, seeing a little girl hug a giant wolf beast so peacefully, they were starting to think that maybe what they were taught was wrong.

Just then Flynn and Springett had finished checking up on all the students. Some were hungry but it was hard to tell if it was day or night here, for the sky was always a purple murky colour. If the beasts didn't kill them, they would soon die of thirst and hunger. They needed to find a power source for the circle.

Springett started to look at Noir, and wondered if the beast core inside her would be powerful enough to power it. But she quickly gave up on that idea. The wolf was their saviour and after seeing it fight, even if they were all at full strength, she was unsure if they could take it on with all of them.

"I wonder who's its owner?" Springett said.

"What do you mean, isn't it Max?" Norah said as she now laid with her back on the beast next to Max.

"No, you know as well as I do that the beast protected us and Max at first was just as afraid as the rest of us when he first saw it." Said professor Springett, "But for a beast to be this comfortable around humans, it must have a human owner. It's the only thing that makes sense."

"Well, there is that kingdom that raises beasts as pets, right?" Bliss said, "Maybe someone from there is here, or their owner had died."

"I don't think so, this beast is too powerful for that, only a few would have the power to control something like this and they wouldn't send their men out here on their own."

Nori's eyes suddenly opened as she could feel something getting closer. She suddenly stood up on her feet causing Norah and Max to fall to the ground and bang their head.

"What happened?" Max said.

Noir's tail started to wag intensely as she could sense the man getting even closer. She then took off at lightning speed.

"Do you think it's the enemy, are they attacking us?"

The group stared into the direction of where Noir had run off to and all the students were now focused on it as well. Slowly a figure started to appear with Noir walking behind him.

And into view came a red-headed spiky-haired boy, with gauntlets on his hand and a black armadillo chest piece.

****

Special thanks to Shurikyn_13, Daoist305121, Fenrir2040, ShiroDN, for the gifts, they really help me continue writing more content for you all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 296 - Nes and Nes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Being in the shadow world, Ray needed his full abilities to fight, he not only needed to use his magic skills but his fighting skills as a knight and his other abilities as well. So he decided there was no need to disguise himself while in the shadow world.

He could have disguised himself as the adventurer Nes but it had been a long time since he had just been him. He would only use adventurer Nes when he had to talk to the Red wing members as a whole.

The leader of the Red wings was to remain a mystery to most, a powerful man that was rarely seen that they could rely on.

This way he also wouldn't reveal to the student's that he was the student Nes as well.

As the others saw the young a.d.u.l.t walk through to the village, with the large wolf calmly following behind him, they all had one thought. This person was strong. They didn't need to see him fight but unlike the rest of them there was no fear of him being in the shadow continent and it was clear he was the master of the beast.

"Hey, do you think that boy is the one who owns the wolf then?" Bliss asked.

"It would seem like it but the question is, is he friend or foe?" Springett replied.

As Flynn looked at the person closer, he noticed the red hair. "Wait isn't he a part of your special unit Bliss, he has red hair?"

"No, I know what everyone looks like in that unit and this person I have never seen before."

While the students were worried and discussing just who the mysterious man was, there was one person who decided to step forward.

"Ray?" Max said. "Is it really you?"

Shocked that Max was friendly with the beast, they were now shocked again that Max also knew this stranger.

"Wait you know this person?" Bliss said.

"I think so, unless I'm imagining things but I think he's my sister's boyfriend."

"Huh!!!" The group surrounding Max all had the same reaction. They knew Max was a noble but not form one of the big families. To know someone who was able to command such a powerful beast as this.

They started to wonder who Max sister had manged to snag.

Of course, what Max had also said wasn't true. Max had only assumed that the two of them were an item. Every time Max would hear from his sister it would always be about Ray this, or Ray has done this for the city, and I don't know what Ray is doing. The amount she talked about Ray, he could only assume the two were together.

When Ray finally got close to the village, he allowed Noir to go back and lie down in the spot he was in before. He always felt bad for her being stuck in the system but there weren't many chances where he could bring her out and she could roam about freely.

Seeing the village, Ray was quite surprised to find all the students here, he had decided to follow the strange energy source that was drawing him here. The energy had long gone but he still wondered what it was only to find out that all the students had arrived.

"Is this your beast?" Springett asked.

"Yes," Ray replied.

Springett then got down on one knee and bowed down to Ray.

"Thank you, when we were in deep trouble your beast saved our lives."

It was a strange sight for Ray to see. While in the academy he always saw Springett as a threat, someone who was out to expose his secret but now she was here bowing down to him.

"Please stand up."

As Ray looked at all the students and his group of friends at Roland, he had to remember he was no longer playing the role of a student and had no clue who these people were. As he looked at Max, Max had raised his hand and gave half a wave.

"Do you remember me?" Max said pointing at himself.

"Yes, I wouldn't forget Slyvia's brothers."

"So it really is you?" Max said rushing over. "I wasn't sure at first but, I mean what are you even doing here, why are you in the shadow continent?"

Ray was unsure of how much Max knew but thought Slyvia would have at least told him about the Red wings and Avrion.

"I am here on a secret mission form the Red wings, I felt something and just happened to pass by."

Kaito who had been busy drawing the magic circle suddenly stopped and immediately rushed over. He took Ray by the hand and started shaking it up and down.

"Nice to meet you sir, my name is Kaito, I have heard so much about the red wings." Kaito then started to look Ray all over. As if he was looking for something.

"Are you really from the red wings, I don't see the mark on you anywhere?"

Ray was under no such contract so his body didn't bear the mark of the Red wings, nor did any of his equipment show it either. Which made Kaito suspicious. From what he had gathered, these two things were on every member of a Red wing.

"Because of the secret mission, I bear no marking," Ray replied.

"Hey Kaito, you know about the Red wings?" Max said, "Well I can guarantee what Ray is saying is true, my sister runs most of their operations."

Kaito attention was now suddenly on Max.

"Really." He said as his eyes lit up. "If you don't mind please, can we visit Avrion one day, will you take me with you."

"Of course, just please calm down, you're kinda creeping me out."

Kaito then let go of Max's hands before heading back to the magic circle to continue his work.

The group continued to ask Ray all sorts of questions but it was mainly about what he had seen or if he knew of a way back.

But there was one question deep on Max's mind. However, he decided not to let it be known to the others. The last time Max had seen Ray was in the tournament. Sure, Ray was strong back then but strong enough to venture into the Shadow continent on his own? No, unless he had a huge power boost in the short time frame. Then Max started to look at Noir, he had no clue Ray could control a beast like this.

That's when something had clicked inside of Max's brain, he realised why the wolf had looked so similar, He had seen it that one time being used by the adventurer who had saved their lives form the Dark Guild leader. It looked like an exact replica only a bigger version of it.

"Wait wasn't that adventures name Nes as well. If the Nes here is using the same wolf and wasn't Nes the leader of the Red wings and then the Nes in school!"

It had all caught on. Max lifted his hand and pointed out at Nes. "Aren't you…" But before Max could finish his last words, Ray immediately went over to the other side and covered his mouth.

"Me and my friend here are just going to have a little talk," Ray said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 297 - Blake unhappy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Having the same name as someone, Ray never thought he would get caught, people had the same name all the time and after meeting Max he realised he was incredibly slow when it came to these types of things.

Even with the fact that Max had met Ray and Nes before, he never thought he would be able to uncover his secret.

But somehow, he had done. In fact, Max himself was quite pleased, if he hadn't seen Noir back in the arena through the dust cloud at that time, he thought he would have never been able to make the connection between the two of them.

Ray and Max then went off to one side to talk things out.

"Wait, you're Nes, you've been with us this whole time?" Max said.

"Just keep quiet about it, what I said earlier is true and I really am on a secret mission but it's to do with Roland," Ray replied.

Then Max started to look around and spotted Van sitting on his own.

"Now it makes sense, it has to be something to do with Van, why else would you be so attached to a stranger who you just came in school for." Max said, "So are you also the leader of the Red wings, the Nes who saved us back then?"

"Look listen here," Ray said with a menacing look in his eyes, staring down at Max. "I'm fine with you knowing, and I owe you and your sister for helping me out so much, but it is important that the identity of the Red Wings leader stays secret. So if I learn that you're brothers in the Alure army find out about this. You know who I'm going to come for."

"I promise I'll keep it a secret, you're like a brother to me now," Max replied with a smile.

Ray was unsure what he meant by that but decided to let it pass, Max always seemed a bit strange to him. "When we get out of here, talk to Slyvia, ask her to offer you a contract to join the Red wings, that way I'll know if you are serious or not about keeping the secret."

Max was slow but he wasn't stupid. Ray was basically telling him if he didn't join the Red wings he wouldn't trust him and was insinuating something else would happen to him. In short, it was a threat. However, Max didn't mind too much, he didn't know what he wanted to do once he left Roland, the original plan was to join the army like his brothers.

But the idea of him being under there command kind of bugged him. He wanted to create his own path. Perhaps helping his sister out wouldn't be so bad after all.

As Ray came back from his talk with Max, the professors wanted Ray to decide what the group did next. Even the students felt like their lives wherein Ray's hands. After all, he controlled the large powerful beast that saved some of their lives.

They naturally relied on the strongest one there to lead them but there was one person who wasn't happy with everything going on.

"Why does it matter what he thinks?" Blake said as he walked over. "We don't even really know him, sure Max does, but that doesn't mean he's our friend."

Blake then stood into the group, he was tall for his age and was a greater hight then Ray himself.

"Look he's just a kid, even younger than me and you are all suddenly relying on him, what just because of that beast. Who knows if it's really his or it's just a friendly beast in the first place."

As the students started to look at Blake and Ray stood side by side, a realisation was starting to come over them. Suddenly Ray didn't look so big standing next to Blake and he did indeed look like a child no older than them.

"Blake how could you say that, this guy saved our lives!" Springett said.

"Correction, the wolf saved your lives, not him," Blake said pointing his finger towards Ray's face. Noir who was off to the side suddenly perked up her head, she could sense the hostility pointed towards her leader, she started to growl as her master was being treated like trash.

"Get your finger out of my face," Ray said.

To be honest, Ray was tired having to explain himself and not only that, But Ray had a grudge back at Roland for what Blake had done. Trying to make his life hell and placing his hand on top of his head.

"You hear that, he's threatening me, this little crap is threatening me."

Ray then looked off to the side at Van who was now stood up and watching the confrontation closely. Then the next second he smiled.

"This is for all the pain you caused."

Ray made a fist and punched Blake in the stomach, just hard enough to send him flying back and onto the ground. If he used to much strength, he was afraid a hole would be created in his stomach.

"Argh, that basta*d he hit me!" Blake said grabbing his stomach with his hand's gasping for air.

He then slowly lifted himself off the ground. "So you think a surprise attack Is going to work, I know you're just weak so you had to resort to cheap tactics like that."

Blake then started to gather the lightning in his hands. "If the professors aren't going to do anything about you, then I am."

As Ray saw the lightning gather in his hands, he was suddenly a lot more interested. Lightning was one of the rarest magical abilities. One in a million people could use the element. It was why Roland had given such special treatment to Blake in the first place.

"Shouldn't we stop this?" Flynn asked.

"Let's just see how this goes," Springett replied, "If he really is someone we need to rely on, then we need to see how strong he is."

Using both of his hands, Blake combined them together to fire a large thunder blot towards Ray. The others thought he might dodge the attack but the lightning was incredibly fast.

Ray held out his hand and allowed the lightning bolt to hit his palm. Taking in the whole attack and when the lightning bolt finished, Ray stood there still, undamaged. The attack was far weaker than Morfran's the dark guild leaders lightning, and Ray's ki was simply too powerful for magic like this to do anything to him.

Especially after absorbing all the advanced tier crystals.

"How?" Blake then started to gather the lightning in his hands once again but Ray wasn't going to let him. Using the Ki in his legs he kicked off the ground causing small craters behind where his feet once were and the next second, he was holding Blake up in the air with a single hand.

"I was going to let you go with a simple beating." Said Ray, "But now that I see what you have, I will be taking that for myself thank you."

….

As Blake was held up in the air, he could feel the energy leaving his body, he tried to gather the lightning in his hands hoping to shake Ray off but the power just wasn't working. Then suddenly, he could feel a shocking jolt all over his body.

"Was this what you were trying to do to me?" Ray said.

Ray had now activated the lightning attribute on Blake, sending bolts all over his body and eventually let him go dropping him to the ground.

The student's, the professors, and even Max stood there stunned.

****

Special thanks to Ahmed_Kabir_0397, alvaro17, ShiroDN, Hafmeyjan, LotionOnTheSkin1, Fenrir2040, and Shurikyn_13 for the gifts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 298 - The Empire vs Red wings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group of people watching couldn't even process what had just happened. One second Ray was on one side around ten meters apart from Blake, the next second he was right by his side. Judging by the equipment he was using and from what Max had said they all assumed Ray was a knight.

But as he held up Blake in the air, he suddenly started to electrocute him with lightning powers. One of the rarest abilities out there.

"If anyone else has a problem with me, please come out and say it now." Said Ray.

They all looked at Blake who was on the ground with his hair all spiked up and fuzzy, he was known as the strongest student in school and he didn't even have a chance to use his breakthrough.

"Max just who is that boy?" Springett asked.

"Honestly, I'm starting to think that myself." When watching Ray fight a while back, he had seen him perform Ice and fire magic, but now suddenly, he was performing lightning magic too. It just didn't make any sense. How was someone so gifted or blessed by the gods?

After a few moments, Blake had finally regained consciousness. He looked around him and could see the other students staring at him. Image's flashed in his head of what Ray had just done to him. His face started to go red with anger, he was embarrassed.

Something that he had never experienced in his life before. He lifted himself off the ground. "Breakthrough!"

His hair started to float about and the magic aura started to surround his body. The students stepped back thinking any second now Blake would explode with energy.

However, Ray didn't even turn around once and continued to walk back to his group.

"You c.o.c.ky brat!" Blake then faced both palms out and started to gather his energy.

Then something strange occurred.

"Huh….what's happening."

Ray finally stopped walking, he turned and lifted his hand.

"Are you trying to do this?" Ray said while he sent lightning sparks between his fingers. A slight smile appeared on his face as well, as if to mock Blake.

The horror had hit him, for some reason he was no longer able to perform lightning magic, it was a strange feeling. He could still gather and control mana, otherwise, he would have never been able to breakthrough but when he tried adding elemental magic, nothing.

Then he thought back to the snarky smile on Ray's face.

"You stole it from me!" Blake claimed.

The students started to chatter amongst themselves.

"Is that possible?"

"I've never heard of such a skill before."

"Perhaps Blake is just too frightened at the moment."

"Even if I did." Said Ray, "What are you going to do about it?"

Blake clenched his fist tightly, he deactivated his breakthrough mode as his anger started to consume him.

"Do you even know who I am, my father holds one of the highest positions in the Empire, we could squash not only you but your whole Guild like a bug. Even the six kingdoms put together can hardly match our power."

This was one of the other reasons why Roland and the other students were too afraid to go against Blake. Not only was he a promising student but he had one of the highest powers backing him.

Roland was a magic academy that accepted students from all over. Its aim was to take a neutral stance and it was even built in Alure kingdom, the weakest of all the kingdoms so no one could claim the power as their own.

Ray then turned to Blake once more and started walking forward. "Let me tell you something, to me you're just a bug. The whole of the Empire is just a big bug to the Red wings. The shadow continent is only a stepping stone in the grand scheme of things. Once we're done with them, we'll come for your empire, and after that the whole of Bronzeland and even then, we'll go to other continents, until the whole world is under our banner. If we have to rearrange things and fight against the empire first, then so be it."

To most people, it would sound like the ramblings of a mad man. taking over the empire, defeating the shadow and all this to be done by a Guild, not a Kingdom or anything. If it was anytime other than now, they all would have laughed at him, called him a fool.

But not a single person did. When Ray spoke, there wasn't the slightest bit of hesitation in his voice. It sounded like he had planned this all along and he really could do it.

Ray was now standing within striking distance of Blake once again. He then threw out a fist towards his face and stopped it just before it hit.

"You're not even worth getting my hands dirty." He said as he turned and headed back to the professors and the others.

"He must think I won't do it," Blake thought, "He must think I'm bluffing, that I really don't have the power to start a war, well if it's a war you want, it's a war you'll get."

As Ray went back to join the others, he tried his best to ignore the situation that just happened. Asking them about the situation and wanted to know if they had any plans for getting back. That's when the group had informed him that Kaito was busy drawing a magic circle.

"Oh, that's great then if you can get back." Said Ray.

"The problem is we don't have enough power to take all the student back, we would need an incredibly powerful crystal or something similar to it," Springett replied.

Ray had no problem getting out of the shadow continent. He had the teleport skill he could use at any time but he didn't want to leave the students behind. He needed some of them as allies and he still needed to know the relation Van had with the Divine being.

Ray went to walk up to the magic circle that was being drawn around the well. It was large in size that spread out across nearly the whole centre of the village. It needed to be, after all, it was meant to take thirty students back.

As he looked at the magic circle, he started to scratch his head. He thought he might be able to help but something like this was far too complicated for Ray, it was more suited for someone like Lenny.

He then thought about his inventory he still had the piece of the Divine being with him that he was tasked with handing to Van. He didn't want to use it but maybe that could power the magic circle. As he walked into the circle and into the centre, a message from the system had appeared.

****

Special thanks to Daoistnlqgsa, Lord_Si, Ahmed_Kabir_7439, Daoistnlqgsa, Robert_Boamah, Michael_Uzoho, Fenrir2040, and ShiroDN. these gifts really help me with my aim to become a full time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 299 - I want you
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Ray had stepped into the magic teleportation circle, a strange message had appeared.

Ray thought there might be a chance for him to use the crystal the divine being had given him but instead it asked for his super tier crystal. This was the only one in Ray's possession that he had obtained a long time ago.

When he took the sash test back at Avrion, there was a test that asked him to wield the legendary sword and see how much power he could activate from it. But when he wielded the thing, the sword didn't activate but instead asked him if he wanted to take the super tier crystal and he did.

He had always kept it on him thinking when he needed to use it, it would give him a head start in his evolution. He couldn't take it out of his system like the other crystals. As soon as it left his hand it would disappear. But if the system was offering for it to be used by the magic circle, Ray assumed it meant it would work.

"Yes."

In the end, Ray selected yes, a super tier crystal was two more levels above Ray currently needed in the first place to evolve. Although it would have given him a head start, in the current situation they were in, using it now was a lot more important.

The crystal suddenly appeared from his body and started to hover and moving towards the centre of the circle just above the well. Then when It reached the centre, it lit up slightly. The lines that were being used to draw the magic circle also lit up emitting a powerful glow.

Kaito was in the middle of drawing the thing suddenly looked up.

"What's going on?" All he could see was Ray standing it the centre of the circle and a crystal by his side.

"It seems I have solved the problem of powering the teleportation." Said Ray.

"But how?" Kaito replied, "You would need an incredibly strong force of power to activate something as big as this?"

Ray then pointed to the crystal hovering in the well.

"I placed one of my beast crystals I obtained in the centre, I hope it can help you."

Kaito immediately got up from where he was and ran towards the centre of the circle. As he looked at the crystal, he noticed how clear it was. The clearer the crystal meant the higher tier of a beast it had come from.

"Is this a super tier crystal?" Kaito thought to himself amazed. If Ray really was from the Red wings, then the information he had gathered about them was wrong. For one of their members to have a super tier crystal meant he must be incredibly powerful.

There was still much to do to the magic circle before it could be used to transport them home, but with the news that now the crystal could be used. The professors and students who knew about the magic circle moods were all lifted and the atmosphere was getting even brighter in the village.

"What should we do about the two bodies?" Bliss asked.

"We don't have time to give them a proper burial and we can't use the teleporter to transport them." Springett said, "We will just have to move them into one of the houses."

The group of students gulped at the thought of moving a half mangled, half-eaten bodies with their bare hands. Without saying anything Ray started to walk up to the bodies and placed his hand above them.

"Fire attribute."

A strong fire started to burn around the body and a few seconds later nothing was left other than black ashes. He then did the same to the next one allowing for the wind to blow the ashes away.

"Fire magic as well?" Springett said. "And incredibly powerful, it even managed to burn the bones to ashes."

After finishing his task, he no longer had anything to discuss with the group so he decided to go relax and lie down on Noir. The people who had gathered around Noir quickly left as soon as they saw Ray come over.

Although they were grateful to have someone strong and powerful on their side, they were scared. Perhaps if they had a fighting chance it would be different but it felt like they didn't even have that if they were to go against Ray.

As Ray laid on Noir, he would constantly open one of his eyes all the time to look at a certain person.

But this strange action didn't go unnoticed by the others either.

"Hey Bliss, that boy keeps on looking at you," Norah said.

"Yeah I know, I don't know why but I have the strangest feeling I've met him before."

"Do you think he likes you?" Norah had an innocent smile on her face. With her short frame, it looked as if a little kid was all giggly and excited.

"Don't you remember what Max said, he's already taken by his sister."

"So are you saying if he wasn't you would try going for him?"

Bliss face was now bright red, she turned away from Norah and started to storm off.

"Wait I was only messing around."

"That woman, why does she have to look like the witch so much." Ray said, "I think I'm going crazy staying at this academy. Once this is all over, I just need to find the divine being and get out of here."

Just then, Noir started to growl.

"What's wrong girl?"

She then stood up and growled in a certain direction of the forest.

A figure had appeared from behind the trees and out of the shadow. He looked like a hooded mage dressed in a black robe and in his hand was a long staff with a crystal at the end.

As he exited the forest, he walked to the edge of the village just outside where the houses were.

"How has an old man been able to survive in this place for so long?"

The old man stopped just at the edge of the village and started to scout and look at the people around him, until he finally pointed his staff at a single student.

"You come with me, if you want the rest to live." The old man said.

The student he pointed at was Van.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 300 - A shadow guard member
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Ray's dragon eyes didn't work, he could sense the powerful aura coming off the old man and it seemed like Noir could as well. Rather than rush in for an attack, he decided to proceed carefully. It seemed like the man was alone and there wasn't many who Ray was unable to face on his own.

Van was now visibly shaking, while the other students were confused. Van had a feeling something like this would happen once he had used his powers. It always did.

"What do you want with him?" Bliss said, standing in front of Van.

"Young lady, this man has come onto our doorstep of the shadow continent, now that he is on my property, I have the right to take what I want don't you think?"

Professor Springett then drew her sword. Judging by the man's words he was from the shadow continent meaning he worked for the other side.

It was as Ray had suspected, the Shadows goal this whole time was Van.

That's when the old man spotted Kaito busy drawing the magic circle. It stood out to him. While all the students were frozen in place looking at what was happening, Kaito was the only one still moving, deep in concentration working away.

He was to focused and had no clue the old man had even arrived.

"You guys are planning to leave so soon but you only arrived a short while ago."

The man then started to walk forward slowly.

"I'm afraid I can't let you leave, as one of the Shadow guards I would be considered a laughing stock by the others if I let you get away."

Now Flynn and Springett were visibly sweating and shaking. After hearing the man's words, they were afraid. The shadow guard was a group of people who worked directly under the shadow.

Not many knew what started the shadow or who was even at the top of the whole thing but they did know of the shadow guard. They acted as the Shadow's public figure. Strong powerful people who would lead an army when fighting against the kingdoms.

Each of the old kingdoms had fallen to these men before.

As the old man continued to walk forward as if he was walking through his own back garden. He went straight past the professors, they did nothing but held out their weapons looking at the man.

Suddenly, a large fireball was shot out from the side and headed straight for the old man. The fire was strong and powerful and larger than anything they had seen a fire mage perform before.

The man lifted his staff and a black rift opened up. The fireball went into the black rift and as it closed a loud explosion was heard off in the distance.

"Who dares try to stop me!" the old man said as he turned to look at where the fireball had come from.

"No one is taking anyone without my permission." said Ray

"I just wanted the boy, I was going to give you all a chance to live by leaving you alone in the continent. Who knows maybe you would have been able to find your way out but now you leave me no choice."

The man lifted his staff once again and this time several rifts above the village started to open. Out of these rifts, creatures started to fall from the sky, the spiders they had encountered, the white-furred monkeys and even the hounds that Ray fought against.

As they fell to the floor, they had immediately gone for the students.

"Professors, go protect the students, round them up and head for the circle." said Ray, "Make sure Kaito finishes it as soon as possible, I'll deal with the old man."

The professors quickly snapped out of their daze as they heard one of the students scream in fear. Then ran towards the others.

After the fall of the basic tier beats, from the rifts, larger creatures started to appear as well. Intermediate tier beast and even some advanced tier beasts as well.

"Noir go help them, they're going to need it." Noir did as her master commanded and went off to the centre of the village.

Before, Bliss, Van, Norah and Max had left to join the others. They turned around and looked at Ray one last time. Each one of them had a familiar feeling inside. They didn't know why but his actions right now had reminded them of what had happened to before they had arrived in the shadow continent.

Back in the training centre, Nes had done the same thing. He stood in front of each of them and tried to protect them all and now Ray was doing it as well.

"Don't die bro," Max said.

Now the only two that remained on the outskirts where Ray and the old man.

"You have seen my power yet you are unafraid?" The old man said.

"Huh you think this is impressive, I once knew a girl who could make meteors fall out from the sky. she would be able to get rid of this field of monsters in an instant." Ray replied. "And the old me would have been able to wipe you all out in a single breath," Ray mumbled.

"You think your simple lies will upset me."

However, Ray was telling the truth, in his grand battle against the witch, she truly did send meteors crashing down on Ray.

"Well, I have a special gift just for you." The old man said, "Those other beasts attacking the students are nothing in comparison to this ferocious thing. It is the king of this entire area and has been for years."

He lifted his staff into the sky once again and a rift appeared larger than any of the ones before. Slowly a large beast could be seen falling from the sky but something seemed a bit off.

As the creature was falling through the sky, its limbs were flopping about. Then when it landed on the ground it made a loud thump sound. The beast laid on its side unmoving.

As Ray saw the thing he started to laugh out loud.

"Ga, Ga, Ga, Ga!"

"What is the meaning of this?" the old man said.

The beast he had summoned had the feat of a horse, while the body of a lion. Its once proud mane that use to be lit up with fire was no longer and, on its head, it had its eye removed.

The frightening powerful beast that the man tried to summon was the same beast Ray had fought against earlier.

****

Special thanks to ShiroDN, Fenrir2040, Doodlebug, Daoistnlqgsa, Lord_Si, Ahmed_Kabir_7439, Robert_Boamah, and Michael_Uzoho. these gifts help me closer to my dream of becoming a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 301 - Leaving the Shadow Continent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The students along with the professors made sure to stay near the middle of the village, just by the well. There were two important items that they needed to protect at all costs if they wanted any chance of getting home.

The super tier beast crystal that was powering the circle and also Kaito who was still busy drawing it. The professors had decided to stay close to the crystal with the other students protecting it at all cost.

While Bliss and her friends went to protect Kaito making sure to protect him. Students where blasting of energy blasts while the upper-class students were firing off their elemental attacks at the beast coming towards them.

They were in full concentration mode and this time not one person was slacking behind. Even Blake who could no longer use lightning powers continued to fire off huge amounts of energy blasts.

They all feared for their lives and perhaps some might have given up, but there was one thing powering them to continue the fight and that was knowing that the teleportation circle would soon be finished.

"Keep going it's not much longer now!" Springett shouted as she sliced a white monkey in half. In truth, she didn't know how much longer Kaito needed but she would continue to shout out words of encouragement as the group were barely holding on.

Noir who had come to help the students was busy facing off against the more powerful creatures, there was a total of three advanced tier creatures and although she was powerful enough to take on one of them in a one on one fight. Three would be difficult.

However, Noir knew this and decided to play it safe, using her great speed to her advantage she would run about slowly attacking the creatures with the smallest of blows, only when she knew she couldn't get hurt.

These types of attacks would usually do nothing against the advanced tier beasts as they were only small nicks but thanks to the advanced beast tier weapon, the metal claws. The poison would slowly start to were them down.

Out of everyone there though, the group that was struggling the most was the people protecting Kaito. It hadn't been long since Bliss had encountered the spiders and she had used most of her energy fighting against them earlier.

Norah seeing this had come over with her two guards who were upper-class students and started using their earth abilities to help the group out.

"Thank you," Bliss said.

But it wasn't enough, more and more creatures where falling form the rifts and they just didn't know when it was going to end.

"Is there any way we can close that rift?" Max asked, "It would stop the creatures from coming out of them."

"I think the only way is killing the Shadow guard member." Bliss replied, "How much longer on the circle?"

"Just a little longer, I'm almost there," Kaito replied.

Just then though from one of the rifts, a swarm of bat-like creatures had appeared and they were heading straight for them.

Bliss immediately turned to Van who was still standing there hesitant.

"Look Van, I don't know why you are hesitant to use your powers, but if you don't use them now were all going to die."

"Yeah, Van the situation can't get worse than it already is, everything here is already trying to kill us," Max added.

Max already knew why Van didn't use his powers. Whenever he did it would attract the beast's attention.

Van knew that was the case but there was something else he feared now that everyone was around him. He then lifted both hands out at the swarm of bats and started to concentrate and swirl them around.

The group of bats then started to explode on by one as Van performed his magic.

At the same time though, all the beasts that were fighting against Noir the ones that were going up against students turned and headed straight into his direction.

This was what Van feared, using his powers had just made him and his friends a target. Know that all the beasts were heading in their direction, there was only one thing he could do. He continued to use his powers while splitting from the group and running away from the village.

****

Meanwhile, Ray was busy confronting the old man. He had just opened up the large rift revealing his trump card but the beast was already dead.

"What could be strong enough to kill this beast?" the old man complained.

Ray then jumped up on top of the dead beast body and looked down at the old man. "If this is the best you have, then I have nothing to worry about." With his palm open he fired out another large fireball. However once again the old man opened a rift up, the fireball went into the rift and then was taken somewhere else.

"If I can't beat you from far away, then I'll just come towards you." Ray ran towards the old man but before he could even reach him. The old man opened up a rift of his own and stepped into it closing it behind him.

"Where did he go?"

Just then though, Ray could once again feel this attractive energy drawing him towards what was going on behind him. It was the same energy that had taken him to this area in the first place.

He didn't have time to chase the old man around, he needed to find out what was going on behind. As Ray reached the village, he noticed that the students were busy fighting some of the beasts but most of them were now running away from the village and into the forest. That's when Ray spotted Van.

"So it's him that's producing all that energy, I now understand why he didn't want to use his powers before."

Just then, Kaito lifted himself from the ground. "I did it, the magic circle is complete."

The students cheered and the group started to gather in the middle.

"Professor what are we waiting for, let's get out of here." A student said.

"Not yet, what about Van and Ray!" Max said.

The professor had to make a tough decision but right now it was the lives of several students against that of their saviour and Van.

"One minute, that's all I can give them!"

Ray seeing the look on the professor's face understood. They were going to leave without them, although Ray was able to use his teleport skill Van would not.

Putting two fingers into his mouth, Ray whistled loudly calling Noir to his side. He climbed onto her back and immediately went forward towards Van.

Her incredible speed was impressive and she managed to outrun all the other beasts and were now just behind Van, Ray then climbed down to pick up Van from the ground.

"Get on!" Ray said.

The two of them now on the back of Noir headed back to the village and straight for the magic circle.

"They're here, quickly Kaito, activate the magic circle," Bliss said.

Kaito then placed his hands on the ground and started to chant out a few words. The lights that had been used to draw the circle started to light up brighter than before.

Noir leapt up into the air and landed safely in the circle.

But just before the teleportation circle had fully been activated, another rift had opened up in front of them and the old man had stepped out.

"I'm coming with you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 302 - Only three
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just outside of Roland city on the plain fields that stretched out for miles a guild war was taking place. The city had been told of the time of place the event would happen. Rumour had spread throughout the place that it would be between the semi-known Underdog guild and the infamous Redwings.

When a time and place was set for a Guild war, a small token army from Roland would stand guard to watch the match. This was just in case it got out of hand and too close to the city and also to make sure any passer-by's that didn't know what was happening would be escorted out of the area.

But the guards who were out on duty that day, that were told to overlook the guild war, were surprised when they could only see three people standing out on the field.

"Hey, there not really going to go up against the Underdogs just with them three, are they?"

"I heard that the Redwings are based in Avrion, its quite the distance away from Roland so it would take several days for them to arrive."

"Then why agree to fight? Why not just leave the city, sure it would hurt their pride but that's better than dying for nothing?"

Usually, if two strong guilds were to face each other, a situation like this would never happen. Even if their guild wasn't based in the same city, if one guild was to completely kill and dominate a few members in the city, then it would cause a full out war between the two guilds.

They would get revenge and send out all their members to face off against them. The reason why the Underdogs were doing this though was because they didn't believe in the rumours of the Redwings. It seemed impossible that a newly formed guild would be able to rise to power so quickly.

It didn't make sense, why would anyone agree to go under the banner of an unknown rather than reputable guild.

Just then from the direction of Roland city, the hundred or so members came marching out and had arrived opposite the Redwings.

"I can't watch this, they're going to be slaughtered."

But the next thing they saw, caused them to pinch themselves to see if they were dreaming. The female standing in front of the other two, drew her bow and fired straight into the hundred men.

"Get them!" Osbourne shouted.

The hundred or so men ran forward towards Jack and Martha.

"I'll leave them to you," Martha said.

She closed her eyes and started to concentrate, then suddenly, a tingling feeling was felt on her back. Wings started to sprout out from her two side's and she flew up into the sky above the army.

"An angel!" The guards said as they stared in awe.

Now up in the sky, Martha was able to see clearly the whole field, she continuously shot out arrow after arrow aiming for those that seemed like they would be trouble.

"But what about the other two, they have been left on the ground, although she may not get hurt the other two will."

The next thing they saw seemed even crazier than the last though. Jack ran in straight forward aiming to crash into the army himself.

"He's mad, he will die!"

Now that Jack no longer had his trusty great sword, the only things he could rely on were his hands and his werewolf form. He started running on all fours and his body slowly started to transform and finally, he was now the silver furred werewolf.

The group running out front stopped slightly as they just saw a man transform into a beast.

"Is it shadow magic?"

"It must be, what man is able to turn into such a thing."

"Kill him, kill the shadow beast."

Jack came running in full force knocking into the army like a spear. The Underdog members were sent flying through the air. They attacked the beast with their weapons poking, slashing the creature but they hadn't even managed to cause a flesh wound.

Jack stood there as a wolf staring at Osbourne the Underdog's guild leader.

"irr Croming Rof Yuy" Jack growled. (I'm coming for you.)

Some of the guild members had decided to avoid confrontation with the werewolf after seeing its power and instead went around Jack. Martha was too high up in the sky and only a few archers and ranged weapons could try to go up against her.

Which meant the only target they had was Lenny.

"Hey, what are you idiots doing!" Lenny said, "I'm not part of the Redwings I'm just here to heal them."

But the Underdog's didn't care for his words.

"Hey!" Lenny waved out to the guards standing far away to the side. "Can't you see this, there attacking an innocent civilian."

"What is that old man doing." The guard said.

"I don't know he's too far to hear."

"Do you think he might be calling for help?"

"No that can't be it, why would he willingly go so close to the battlefield."

With no help from the guards and the Guild members only coming closer, Lenny had no choice.

"You idiots just stay away." Lenny then covered his fist with magic and pounded the man closest to him sending him flying in the air.

"Who are these people, they're all monsters." The guards thought watching the battle go on.

Jack who was now stood in front of Osbourne was now towering above him. As a human, Jack was considered large in size, but Osbourne was even bigger but now that Jack had transformed, he was even larger then Osbourne.

"You think I'm scared of a stinky mutt like you!" Osbourne shouted, "I've killed many wolves like you, what do you think is around my neck." He lifted his large club and using all his power slammed it down towards Jack.

Jack then lifted his hand and grabbed the club, the force was so strong that the ground underneath him had cracked and his leg's where sunken in but then Jack clenched his fist shattering the club to pieces.

"Thirs rsi Rack Raback Fror Rlast Tirm!" Jack said as he swung the club out of the way and let out two of his claws across Osbourne's chest. A large x shaped cut mark had appeared and blood was drawn out, he then collapsed to the ground, defeated with a single blow.

The guards watching couldn't believe it, although there were still many members from the Underdog Guild out on the field, now that their leader had been defeated, they were slowly putting away their weapons and surrendering.

The entire Underdog guild had lost to only three members of the Redwings.

Martha who was up in the air had come down as she saw the fighting start to die down. There were still some feisty members that wanted to continue to fight but Lenny now annoyed that they got him involved in this and Jack had gotten rid of nearly all of them.

The rest of the guild members dropped their weapons and bowed down to them.

"We're sorry please let us go free, you can keep the beast crystal, we have no problem with that and we will pay you for all the Quests you have missed these last few days."

Martha then looked at all the people bowing down and noticed that Rick, the person who had caused all this mess in the first place was one of them.

"You are free to go, but only on the condition, you give him to us!" Martha said pointing at Rick.

However, before Rick could stand up to complain. Where the guild war had taken place, and where everyone was standing, a large magic circle had appeared.

****

Special thanks to RedStorm_8179, Bridget_Oviogo, Sasaray, DarkShadow_DS, Fenrir2040, and ShiroDN for the gifts. this gives me the chance to reach my goal of becoming a full-time autho

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 303 - Scarier than you
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just as Jack and Martha were about to talk to the Underdog guild members, suddenly, a large white ring formed underneath them. The whole area started to light up and the people around them start to panic.

"Is this your doing?!" One of the Underdog guild members said.

"No, I have no clue?" Jack replied back.

Lenny though was the first one to notice what was happening. As the lights around started to form a circle, he started to read all the symbols inside.

"Everyone get out of the circle, it's a teleportation circle something big is coming!" Lenny shouted. On his command, everyone ran out from the circle and down towards the guards who were standing on standby.

Everyone waited in anticipation for what was about to appear. At the same time several figures could be seen and a large giant wolf at the back.

"It's a beast, a large powerful beast!" The guard said, "Men get ready to attack!" The small token army of around thirty soldiers drew out their swords.

"Isn't that Noir?" Jack said.

"Yeah, and Ray is on top of it as well, what are they doing here?" Martha said.

Just as the army was about to charge forward, Martha stood in front of them.

"Wait, that beast and men are part of the Redwings."

The men stopped their advance and looked at the others who had appeared as well and noticed there were several students from Roland. Each one of them either inured or covered in black blood from other beasts.

As the students saw the clear blue sky and Roland city of in the distance, cheers and smiles started to appear on their face.

"We did it! We're finally back!" A student shouted, but then, he felt a sharp shooting pain on the back of his neck, the student fell to the ground and a large spider the size of a small dog could be seen on him.

"Everyone! Run to the guards, get out of here!" Springett shouted.

Standing behind the group of students was the old man, with two black rifts by his side. Creatures had already started to spawn out of them numbering in the hundreds.

Since the battleground was quite far from where the knights were standing, they were unable to see what was going on but could only hear screams. However, Martha now had the power of the harpies and could see quite the distance away, she saw the shadow creatures appearing out of the rift.

"The students, there being attacked, we have to help them and Ray," Martha said, she then quickly powered up her wings once more flew up into the sky.

Jack then turned to the underdog members behind them.

"Come on, you guys are coming with me!"

"What, are you crazy why would we risk our lives to save some kids?" Rick said.

Jack started to laugh.

"Do you not remember what you said before, you surrendered right, well you're lives belong to the Redwings now and if you don't want to fight them, then you will be going up against me."

Before they had left the shadow continent, Ray had seen the old man, but he was unable to warn the others in time. All he could do was tell Noir to take Van away.

"Noir, take him back to the city," Ray said, "Van trust me on this, thereafter you but you will be safe in the city, the guards might be afraid of her so they won't let her in but as long as you tell them who you are they will protect you."

"What do you mean?" Van said confused.

"Tell your mom I've completed my mission."

Noir then rushed off towards the city, while Van was left with a single thought. "Did he know who I really am, just who are those guys, the Redwings."

As the group continued the run down the field, they tried to fire their magic at the creatures behind them, but they had already used up all their magical power. Blake was Infront of all the over students, shoving anyone who would get in his way.

"Move, don't you know who I am!" Blake shouted. "My life is more important than yours. If you don't want to mess with the Empire get out of my way and if you run in front of me, see what happens."

Bliss, Max, Norah and Kaito stuck close together with the two professors Flynn and Springett.

These were the only ones with magical power left to fend off the beasts that were catching up to the students. They decided to slow down so they could attack the creatures chasing after them. Just like in the shadow continent though, there were too many, multiple spiders, hounds and white-furred monkeys were coming towards them.

Just then a couple of monkeys leapt up in the air and was coming straight for Bliss, she held out her hand to fire another energy ball but nothing would come out she had run out of mana.

"No Bliss!" Max shouted as he reached out and threw out a water blade but he too was very weak. The water blade only travelled a small distance before evaporating in the air.

Then an arrow came from above hitting the monkey right in the head, killing it in one blow. As Bliss looked up she could see a figure up in the sky holding a bow with wings.

"Who is that?" Bliss said.

Several more arrows then came down each killing the beasts in a single hit. Martha was now growing tired in the air though and had decided to come down and land in front of the group.

"Are you guys okay?" Martha asked.

"Thank you for saving my students lives," Springett said.

That's when Kaito spotted a marking on Martha's thigh.

"You're from the Redwings!" Kaito said pointing at the mark.

But the group had no time to be shocked, for another wave of creatures were coming towards them. As they looked at the students in front, they could see they had already reached the area were the guards were being stationed but then they could see a small group of people charging towards them.

And in front leading them, was Jack.

"Kill all those beasts!" Jack said, "If there are any strong ones you can't deal with, then call me over!"

The Underdog members were around forty in number, they were all a decent level of strength as well. They ran straight past Bliss and the others and went straight for the group of creatures. Now a battle was taking place once again.

The old man watching everything was furious.

"Where did all these people come from, are they not scared for their lives?"

Ray then stepped forward and walked towards the old man, he had seen Martha, Jack here, for whatever reason he didn't know why but he knew he could trust them to deal with the low-level beasts.

"Because there's something a lot more scarier standing in front of you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 304 - Grand Mage Wiz
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Jack led the Underdog guild to fend off and fight the other creatures, that gave enough time for Martha to lead Bliss and the others to the guards who were still a little bit further back and with the other students.

The other students were currently resting some were being cleaned up by the guards and some were being treated for flesh wounds.

"I'll go see if I can help out as many as possible," Flynn said as he separated himself from the group and started to care for the students.

As the group joined up with the other students, professor Springett was surprised to see a familiar face. "Teacher?" She said as she pointed at the large man.

"It's been a long time," Lenny replied.

While Martha and Jack were busy fighting against the creatures, Lenny had decided to go back and have a look at the students that had joined the guards.

"What are you doing here?" Springett asked. "I've searched for you for years and suddenly you turn up here."

"It's a long story." Lenny said, "Perhaps when this is all done, I can catch you up on it, but the shortened of it is I have been hired by the Redwings guild for now."

"So I was right," Kaito said. "That really was the marking of the Redwings, I also saw the boy who was leading that army come to save us too. Are all of the people they're fighting part of the Redwings are they here at Roland." Kaito said all excited.

"No, unfortunate or fortunate you caught us in the middle of a guild war," Martha replied. "The only ones that are part of the red wings are me and the boy you saw earlier."

"What about Ray, he said he was a member as well?" Kaito asked.

Martha was unsure of how much she should say but thought a little bit of information wouldn't hurt.

"Ray is also a member of the Redwings, in fact, he's even a rank above us."

Now it made sense to Kaito why Ray was so strong. Springett looking at the three of them could see that they were all powerful but she couldn't believe how kids so young could obtain such power, just who were the Redwings that they even had her teacher helping them out, who she had searched for years.

"What's the report on the students?" Martha asked, "They don't look like they'll be much help, can we move them away?"

Lenny looked at the students and could see most of them were collapsed on the floor.

"I checked up on a few of them, but it looks like nearly all of them have come down with Mana sickness. They've simply used too much of their power and gone past their limits. I'm surprised they were able to last this long but they can't move for now, maybe the knights will be able to carry them back."

"I don't think that's a good idea," Springett said, "Those creatures seem to aim for the weak. If they see anyone trying to escape, they will start to ignore the people in front of them and go after the students. The same thing happened when we thought them back in the shadow continent."

"The shadow continent!" Lenny said with his eyes wide open.

Springett and the others then proceeded to explain what had happened, from them being teleported to Roland to the point where they were right now and how Ray had saved them.

"Ray must have been teleported with them, and decided to throw away the disguise for now." Martha thought.

"I was unable to input a precise location for the teleportation circle, I could only get it to transport us within a certain area and at the same time I needed to make sure it would be in an open field," Kaito said.

"That was your work?" Lenny asked. "I must say I'm impressed, someone as young as you to be able to create a formation so impressive."

Just then one of the guards had come up to the group to interrupt their conversation.

"Professor Springett, all of the students have been given emergency care and we are ready to move them."

"Protect the students for now." Springett ordered, "And get in contact with Roland, ask one of the tower masters to come here immediately, say a shadow guard member is here."

The look on the guard's faces dropped as he heard that word.

"The shadow guard, this is an emergency, we must inform them quickly!" The man said as he rushed off in a panic.

"I should have known." Lenny said, "Judging by the rifts that have appeared it looks to be the work of the grand Mage Wiz. A mage who is even older than I am, there were rumours that he had gone over to the other side and I'm sad to hear it's true."

"Teacher, is there any way we can stop the portals?" Springett asked.

"I'm afraid not, the only way is to get rid of the source which is the Mage himself. Do you know who is facing against him right now?"

"It's the Redwing member Ray."

Just then, a rift appeared right next to where the group were speaking and out of it came Ray falling to the ground.

"Damn it," Ray said as he landed on the floor. "He won't let me get close to him, every time I go in for an attack, he opens up a rift."

He then looked around him and noticed Martha and the others where there. "Lenny, the rifts what exactly are they?" Ray asked.

"They work similarly to a portal only more permanent, think of it as a tunnel one has an entrance and then somewhere on the other end is an exit."

Ray then looked at the portals where the beasts were coming out from. "If I can't attack him, then I'm just going to have to get rid of all his pets."

****

Special thanks to Shurikyn_13, Lisakun, Daoistnlqgsa, Vixencious, Fenrir2040, ShiroDN, RedStorm_8179, and Bridget_Oviogo for the gifts they really help me reach my goal of becoming a full time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 305 - I am the prince
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Riding on top of a large back wolf, a boy could be seen but it wasn't any boy, it was Van. Tasked by Ray to escape from the battle scene, he had no choice but to leave.

Van felt incredibly guilty, right now everyone that was fighting back there, the students who had gotten hurt, the students that had even died, all of it was because of him. Right now though, he had the chance to save them all.

"Coem on girl," Van said, "Let's go home."

As the city was now in sight, Noir sped up even more and eventually the guards had spotted her.

"A Beast is coming towards the city, activate the orbs." A guard shouted.

Then the floating orbs above started to come out towards the two of them.

"You can leave me here girl I'll do the rest," said Van.

But instead of stopping or slowing down, Noir decided to speed up even more.

"Wait, the orbs will hit you, leave me here!"

She was now moving faster than the whole journey here, like she expected something like this to happen. Saving her energy for the last leg.

The circle orbs started to move forward and as they got closer to her, they started to light up, then when it was within striking range.

Zap*

A little ball of lightning came blasting out, Noir managed to jump out of the way avoiding the strike, but then more balls started coming forward and more lightning bolts were shot out from the Orbs.

Noir was doing well avoiding each of the strikes.

"I've never seen a beast so fast, will it be able to reach the wall?" A guard said.

"In all my years here, I've never seen a single beast reach the wall." The leader said.

Noir continued to avid the lightning strikes but each time they would strike closer and closer, so much so that Van could now feel the heat emitting from them.

However, without even realising it, the orbs had surrounded her and were now behind as well. She jumped once more to avoid the strike in front but then was hit on the leg behind. She howled in pain and immediately stumbled to the floor.

"What did I tell you?" the leader said.

The lightning bolts had now all surrounded Noir and another one zapped her again and with it, came another cry of pain.

"Stop it!" Van cried, "She was just trying to help."

Van started jumping up and down and waving at the guards stationed up on the wall but it was no use, they were still quite far away and unless they used the crystal scope they wouldn't be able to see him.

Strays often came out of the forest from time to time and would try to attack the city. The guards would usually never bother using the scope for a single beast unlike with the horde of harpies from before.

The orbs were also programmed to only attack beasts and humans were completely off the radar. They could be reprogrammed with a magic circle in times of war but right now it was only designed for beasts so Van remained complete safe.

Several orbs were now drawing closer and soon Noir would be burnt to a crisp.

"You tried helping and now I need to help you."

Van then stood by Noir's side with both his hands held out, waiting for the next lightning strike. As it came he moved his hands in a certain motion and at the same time, the lightning strike moved with it and away from the beast.

With each strike, Van moved his hand in response redirecting the lightning to a different direction, making sure not one of them would touch Noir. It had been a long time since he had used his abilities and it was more tiring then he thought, he didn't know how much longer he could keep this up.

"Sir take a look at this, it seems like the lightning strikes are no longer attacking the wolf." The guard said.

"Take a look through the scope and see what's going on?"

As they activated the scope and pointed it into the direction of the Wolf lying on the ground, they could see a student redirecting all the strikes away from the beast.

"Quick, call back the orbs, that's a student from Roland! it might be one of the missing students." The Leader shouted.

They did as tasked and the orbs were pulled back, finally, Van could rest for a few moments. The guards came running out form the city walls with their weapons drawn just in case the beast was hostile.

Van wasted no time as the guards approached him, he reached underneath his blazer shirt and pulled out a metal badge.

"This here is the mark of royalty, I here Prince Van of the Alure kingdom demand to be taken to see the queen."

Upon seeing the crest the guards immediately bowed down. "Your highness, we're sorry we didn't know it was you."

Van then commanded the guards to call a meeting with the queen. While Noir was to be taken to the stables to rest and be treated by their top Vet. After waiting at the wall for a short while inside, a carriage had arrived and out of it came the queen escorted by two men in white robes.

She went inside the City wall and in one of the rooms, Van was patiently waiting at a table. There was food out in front of him prepared by the guards but he hadn't taken a single bite.

"Van, I'm so glad your safe, I heard you were missing and I feared the worst, the whole Academy has been in an uproar since your class disappeared."

"About that?"

Van then explained quickly what had happened to all the students, and how they had been teleported to the Shadow continent. It was a frightening tail and the queen couldn't believe her ears about everything she had heard. For the longest time, she thought if Van was safe anywhere it would be inside of Roland but she was wrong.

"I will do as you ask and ask for help from one of the Tower masters immediately."

As the queen started to leave, Van had stopped her to ask one more question.

"Mom, about the person who saved me and sent me here, he said to say to you, he has completed his mission."

"What did this boy look like?" She asked.

"He had red spikey hair and a constant frown on his face, a little bit shorter than I am."

The queen then smiled.

"And how has Roland been, before this mess did you make any friends?"

He thought it was an odd question to ask considering the situation they were in. but then he started to think back, about how many times Nes had tried speaking to him, how Max was always upbeat and cheerful when greeting him and even Bliss had on multiple occasion engorged him and protected him.

Van Smiled back.

"Yeah, I've made some good friends."

"Then it looks like he really did complete his mission then."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 306 - On the other side
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The underdog guild members were experienced when it came to fighting. However, they didn't stand a chance when facing against Jack and Martha, but the same couldn't be said going up against the beasts.

The beasts were mostly basic tier creatures, powered up by the shadow but it still didn't seem to be too much trouble for the guild to deal with. They had thought more robust creatures in the past together. The only problem was the sheer number of beasts.

As they took down one, it just felt like two more had taken its place. "I don't know how much longer I can keep this up." A member said.

A spider then came jumping out towards his face as he took a second to catch his breath. Still, before it could attack a shield came and knocked the spider away.

"Damn it, I can't believe he's making us fight, why doesn't that guy just turn into a werewolf and get rid of them!" Rick complained.

Jack continued to command the Underdogs while going for the slightly stronger beasts in the group. The truth was Jack had already used up most of his energy fighting against their leader Osbourne. Whenever he transformed, there was always a period of time where he would feel slightly weak and wouldn't be able to change again.

If there was ever a time where he would have to fight for long periods of time, he would be in trouble, this was something that he needed to fix.

Meanwhile, Ray was going up against the Grand mage Wiz. Ray had decided to stop using his magical abilities. Not only was Wiz able to block them by sending them into a rift, but Ray was also afraid what would happen if he made a massive attack. There was the chance Wiz would be able to redirect it the army fighting behind them.

Sure it would kill a lot of his beasts as well, but that didn't matter to him. Ray then decided he needed to get close. He charged forward, powering his legs with energy. Now it was time to do it the old fashioned way with his fists, but when jumping ahead, a rift had appeared in front of him. When he came out form the other end, he landed by Martha and the others side.

Just then, Lenny had told him some vital information. There was one big difference between the rifts and the teleportation circles. Once a group of people would be teleported, it would close behind it, and a new one would need to be created, but the rift worked like a tunnel.

Which meant it worked both ways, if the beasts were coming from the shadow continent then that meant Ray could take them out form the source.

He started charging directly towards the rift.

"He's not thinking of going into that thing, is he?" Bliss asked.

"Looks like he's already made up his mind", Martha said.

"I can't tell if that boy is crazy or courageous", Springett added.

Ray continued to run forward running past the battlefield, avoiding strikes here or there and killing the beasts with a single blow. On his way, he would fire ice balls and blast them at creatures to his left, and then to his right, he would blast them with fireballs.

A monkey swiped toward him, but it was useless. Ray had the footwork of the black sash knights he had learnt at the academy. It allowed him to easily avoid the blows by moving and twisting his body and then, finishing them off with a punch.

"High-level Magic skills and then also High-level knight skills to, and he's still young, just who is this guy?", Springett said as she watched him. She couldn't help think that it started to remind her of someone she had been keeping an eye on in the academy this whole time. For they to had shown a level of hand to hand combat skills.

Now that Ray had gone past all the knights, he was getting closer to the base of the three Rifts. The creatures were powering out denser than before. He looked at the three portals and had decided to go for the one the spiders were coming out from.

"Fire Energy activate!"

Using half off his mana points, Ray now had double the strength in his fire skills.

"Dragons roar!" A loud scream was heard that echoed through the battlefield. Strange energy inside of Martha and Jack could suddenly be felt as each of them received a five percent boost in their stats.

Ray then held out his hand palm open and used his new skill "Fire blast!" A stream of fire left his hand, but it wasn't small like he expected, due to the two power-ups the stream of fire burst out as if a rocket was setting off form his hand. A large flame was pouring out burning all of the spiders in an instant.

If it wasn't for his unique body and unnatural strength, he felt like his arm would have been torn off from the power. With the flames, he continued moving forward and jumped into the portal arriving at the other end.

When he entered and came out of the other end, it wasn't the same shadow continent world he was expecting. Instead, he was inside what looked like a giant cavern. The whole place was surrounded by eggs. Everywhere and spiders where slowly hatching from them.

In the centre of the cavern was a giant crystal the same size as a small child illuminating the whole thing. It was a beast's nest, the crystal in the centre was what gave the beasts their magical properties. Usually, it was considered a taboo to destroy a beast's nest.

After all, Beats crystals were essential to the human's race advancement. The crystals were used in everyday technology and life. But this was different right now, it was being used against them.

"So it was a Beast nest then, huh?" Ray said, "I wonder what would happen if I destroyed that crystal?"

*****

Special thanks to ShiroDN, Fenrir2040, DarkShadow_DS, Shurikyn_13, and AnubisRat for the gifts these always help and cheer me up, and soon I believe I will be able to become a full time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 307 - Nest Crystal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the cavern, the spiders were hatching at an incredible rate. When one egg had hatched, a spider would appear from it. The shell would almost immediately disintegrate after. Then in front of Ray's eyes, another one would start to form in its place.

It was an endless cycle of beasts all powered by the Nest crystal in the centre. Ray continued to use his fire blast as some type of flamethrower going left to right as he walked forward towards the crystal. The beasts were small in size and quickly engulfed in the powerful flames.

With the fire energy skill active, there was a red aura surrounding his body as he used his fire skills. The only problem was right now that the fire energy had taken up half of his mana and fire blast was draining it at an incredible rate.

He needed to take out the crystal fast. Running through the eggs and using his fireblast, he was able to reach the nest crystal with ease. Then while one hand was busy burning away the spiders, Ray touched the large crystal.

[A Nest Crystal has been found]

[Would you like to absorb?]

This was exactly what Ray was hoping for. He didn't really know what a Nest crystal was, compared to a beast crystal, but if it was able to provide the beasts with power to form their own crystals, there was the chance he could absorb it.

There was also the chance that he couldn't, it might have been too high a tier of crystal just like with the super tier one he had. If there were also tier of Nest crystals, then it would become a problem.

With no time to waste Ray immediately selected the yes option. Then in front of his eyes, the crystal slowly started to break down into small particles and floated about in the air towards himself.

As if attracted to Ray, the particles entered through his mouth and ears and at the same time refreshing energy could be felt. His mana points were being restored, and all his aches and pains from the battle were going away.

And finally, when the whole crystal had disappeared, another message had been received.

[Nest crystal successfully absorbed]

[20 points have been obtained]

[90/100 advanced tier points]

The message this time was slightly different from the messages before. Usually, when Ray would absorb a crystal, it would say a number of advanced tier points obtained, but this time it just said points. Did this mean that a Nest crystal was able to add points no matter what evolution stage he was at?

If this was the case, it was another way for Ray to get stronger. He had struggled to find specific tier beast in the wild, but now that he could also absorb Nest crystals, it made getting stronger easier.

The other thing that came as a surprise was that he had obtained twenty points instead of the standard maximum of ten. To be honest, Ray actually felt like this number was meant to be higher, considering the size of the crystal.

However, knowing that there were two more of these things waiting for him in the other rifts meant he would soon evolve.

As soon as the crystal has been absorbed, the eggs around him started to dissolve melting away like acid. The spiders that had already hatched were still going strong, but all it took was a few fireballs from Ray.

The crystal had also restored his mana points back up to their maximum, and he still had the fire energy buff along and along with it, the Dragons roar buff. The rift behind him was still open, and he decided to jump back out of it.

When Ray exited from the rift, the others were surprised to see him completely fine, in fact, he looked even better than when he had first gone into the thing.

But the most shocking thing of all was the fact that no more creatures were coming out from it.

"Did he really destroy the nest?!" Wiz said. "That basta*d those things aren't easy to find, does he know how long it took me?"

Wiz was currently at the back of the battlefield. His fighting skills were never his strength, and instead, he relied on his special rift magic to call beasts onto the field. He was able to use the rifts as a defensive measure but in terms of attacking there was no such thing.

In a sense, he was the weakest of the Shadow guard because of this but the most useful. In times of war, he was able to quickly change the tide, and that's what gave him his position in the shadow ranks today.

"I thought these three would be enough, I didn't expect anyone this strong to be in this kingdom", Wiz said.

With the spiders no more, the battlefield situation eased up a little. However, the Underdog guild members were still tired from the constant fighting, they were getting sluggish with their movements and injured more.

"Jack!" Ray shouted, "I leave everything to you."

Jack then lifted and gave Ray a big thumbs up.

"You can count on me, boss!"

Just then, Ray jumped into another one of the rifts this time into the white-furred monkeys one. Wiz seeing this started to boil with anger and decided to make a quick decision. He sealed up the rift meaning now there was no way for Ray to return back.

But what he didn't know was Ray had the teleportation skill he could use at any time to take himself back to Martha or Jack. The reason why Ray said those words to Jack before leaving was with this one crystal he would evolve, and an evolution always took Ray a certain amount of time.

When entering the White furred monkey's rift, it was a similar seen to the last only there were no eggs. Instead on the walls were these slimy sacks that the monkeys would break out from. The moment they did, they would come out small in size and with hardly any fur.

After a few seconds though the fur would start to grow over their body and their size would slightly increase.

Ray proceeded to do the same as he did in the last nest and continued to use his fireblast skill on the monkeys. It was just as easy as the spiders.

His fire attribute points were at a 100, then with the fire energy skill that brought it up to 200. There was also the 5 percent increase from the dragon's roar. They didn't stand a chance.

[A Nest Crystal has been found]

[Would you like to absorb?]

[Yes]

[100/100 advanced tier points]

[Evolution process has begun]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 308 - A New Ray
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

100 advanced points had finally been earned. Ray couldn't even remember the last time he had seen the evolution message. It had been a while and knowing that there weren't many advanced tier creatures in the Alure kingdom, he thought it would take longer to reach this point.

But the next step was what Ray always hated, the evolution process. It almost started immediately, but this time he was prepared. He sat down with his legs crossed and got into a meditating position. Keeping all of the pain inside.

The last few times this process started, he would scream from the pain of his bones breaking down and reforming again. But not this time, he wasn't going to let the system get the better of him.

Each time Ray evolved, he got closer and closer to what he once was. Although there were still many tiers of beast crystals to go with, he finally felt like his goal was in sight.

"I will return to being what I once was."

****

Outside on the open field, the Underdog guild were still locked in combat. Two of the rifts had been closed, and the shadow army had lessened significantly. The tide seemed like it was starting to turn.

"We can do this, Keep pushing!" Jack shouted as he punched one of the hounds to the floor and then grabbed the mouth off the other, ripping it apart with both hands.

"That guy is a monster; how does he have such strength?" The guild members said.

Jack continued to go into the centre of the beasts with no worriers. The hounds were literally hanging off his body gripping onto him with their teeth, but still, not a single scratch was ever put on him. The beasts were far too weak.

Even Rick couldn't believe what monsters they had decided to go up against. Not only that but they had heard Jack refer to the redhead child as their boss. That boy seemed even crazier than Jack, running straight into the portal with no sign of hesitation.

"Damn it, stop running my plans, I was meant to obtain the boy for myself!" Wiz said. "This might be the only chance I get. If the others got wind of what I was trying to do, they would punish me for it."

"Well at least I got rid of that annoying brat, now just to deal with the rest.

With two of the rifts now closed Wiz needed to do something fast, otherwise soon the Guild members would take over. We waved his staff once more, and two more enormous rifts appeared from above. Then two large hounds, advanced tier creatures with tentacles over their body came falling from the sky.

As they landed the rifts above them closed.

"Now this what I was waiting for!" Jack said as he saw the two large dogs.

But before Jack could even move forward to defeat the dogs, a bright light started to appear next to him. After a few moments, a figure could be seen standing in the white light.

Out of it came a red-haired man with spikey hair.

"Ray?" Jack said, half confused.

Jack had a right to be confused. For the person standing in front of him was a man, it was not the 17-year-old he had travelled with in the past year. It looked almost identical to Ray only more mature, his body had filled out a little, and his face was more chiselled.

Back in the cave, Ray had just finished going through his evolution.

[Advanced tier evolution complete]

[0/100 King tier points]

[Race: Dracotaur]

Once again, Ray had gone through a race change. His whole body felt slightly new compared to before. At first, he thought he must have been imagining things as everything around him looked somewhat taller.

The evolution this time had even changed the human side of his body. And there was something else sticking out of his behind. Something that could be felt there that wasn't there before.

As he turned to take a look, he noticed a tiny tail, it looked more like a sharp bump sticking out of the top of his bottom. It had ripped through the trousers he was wearing and red in colour.

As Ray tried to control it, he managed to give it the smallest of wiggles.

"Well it wasn't like before, but at least it's a start."

The scales that ran up his arms now were more defined and ran further up his sleeve. Then when he went to touch his face, he could feel the same thing around the edge of his hairline.

But it wasn't the time to be fascinated by his transformation. Although he trusted Jack and Martha to get the job done, there was always the chance that Wiz could be hiding something up his sleeve. And he wanted to test out his newfound body.

Before activating his teleportation skill, Ray used his transform skill to hide his dragon-like features. But decided to keep his taller self. It was going to be his regular form from now on so the others might as well get used to it.

[Transportation skill active]

[Teleporting to Jack]

A white light surrounded his body, and around thirty seconds later, he had left the cave and appeared right by Jack's side.

As he saw the two giant advanced tier hounds, he thought they were perfect to see how much he had grown.

"Jack, I'm going to have to borrow your power for a little while."

Without asking why, Jack allowed Ray to place his hand on his body and perform Mana steel.

Jack had improved his own Ki making his mana points higher than they were previously. Right now, he was sitting on around 150 points of mana according to the system if Ray was to guess.

Ray started to absorb the Ki into his own until, eventually, he felt his body hitting its limit. His points now increased from 200 to 300.

Looking at the beasts and still having both of his buffs activated for the fight, Ray started to smile. He lifted his hand and fired out two fireballs at the same time.

As they left the palm of his hand, two huge giant balls of flame only a little bit smaller than the hounds themselves had come from his hand.

When they saw the fireball coming towards them, the beasts even knew they wouldn't be able to do anything.

The flames engulfed their entire bodies and ashes fell to the ground. The only thing left on the floor was their beast crystal.

"Did he just kill two advanced tier shadow beasts with a single spell!?" Springett said.

It seemed like everyone on the battlefield had paused for a second to witness Ray's immense power.

"Now I'm coming for you!" Ray said, staring at Wiz.

****

Special thanks to DarkShadow_DS, Gacol, Sasaray, Young_John_1394, Ebube_Onuka, Ifegbi_Ebuka, Onuka_Chidera, Valentine_Onuka, Onuka_Peter, Onuka_Valentine_8998, Shurikyn_13, Dylan_Williams_1039, ShiroDN

And Fenrir2040 for the gifts. They really support me as an author and soon will eb able to work full time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 309 - The Giant fireball
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That strength, it's on par with that of tower masters?" Springett said.

"I don't understand is that the same person that went in?" Bliss asked, "Why does he look so different."

"No that's our boss alright, I can tell straight away," Martha said.

After witnessing the giant fireballs take out two advanced creatures like nothing, they wondered just what was on the other side of that rift. Was it a world where time moved slower than theirs? It would explain the sudden change in appearance and the increase in strength.

But that wasn't it, and Lenny knew there was no such magic that enabled you to do that. All of this was through Ray's own unique body.

The battlefield was now starting to die down. There was only one portal left, and that portal contained the hounds inside them. Ray looked at the entrance once more and was getting ready.

Wiz could see this, whatever happened it was clear that Ray got stronger each time he went in the rifts, and could somehow teleport back out.

Although Ray would have to wait for his teleport skill to cool down and use it the next day. It was worth waiting a day for an increase in points. Who knew when he would run into King tier beasts, he was finding it hard enough to run into advanced tier beasts.

As soon as Ray took a step forward, Wiz closed the final rift.

"Who is this person? They've ruined all of my plans." Before transporting the kids to the shadow continent, he had done his research. With just the professors and student's strength alone, he should have been able to kill them all. Or at least taken away Van.

It was waste to use anything more then he needed to, so he had only prepared three basic tier nests.

Ray then dashed forward Infront of the Underdog guild members who were finishing off the last scraps from the battle. Then when he was close enough, he lifted both of his hands and gathered his mana.

Out came too large fireballs at once, combining into one making it even bigger and ti was heading straight for Wiz.

"Let's see you take this one away."

Sweat was starting to visibly appear form Wiz's face. The stress of everything had gotten to him, there was no way he could create a rift big enough to cover the whole of the fireball.

"The red wings huh, you have just moved your way up the hit list!" Wiz said after creating a small black rift and stepping into it himself.

Now with no target though, the fireball carried on moving forward.

"My Divine being, that fireball is going to destroy the whole forest!" Flynn said in a panic.

One of the skills Ray had yet to uncover was fire control. An ability that would allow you to control fire at will and move it about. Ray then dashed forward, and as he did, he placed both of his hands behind him.

"Fire blast!"

Streams of fire left behind his hands and like two little rockets, they were giving him a boost as he ran forward. Every so often, Ray would stop the fire blast and fire it again, controlling himself, making sure he used just enough to not fall over.

Then finally, he had passed the fireball and stood in front of it, ready to face it.

"Has the boy gone mad, just cause the attack comes from oneself doesn't mean he can take the hit." Lenny said.

But Ray was confident. His time for his fire energy skill was nearly up. The fire skill not only doubled the power of all his fire attacks, but it also his fire resistance. That wasn't the only reason why he had high confidence.

Each time his body evolved, it grew more robust, more like that of a beast and less of that of human. Allowing him to withstand more pain.

Then as the fireball grew closer to Ray, he prepared himself. Still, just before it had even reached him, the direction of the giant fireball started to change. It began to lift upward and continued on that trajectory.

Until eventually, it was high enough in the sky that it looked like a mini sun.

"Disperse!" A deep voice said, and suddenly the fireball split up over the sky. Small explosions were cast off everywhere looking almost like fireworks.

"Looks like I made it in time." Roy said.

As the students and guard turned to see who it was, they immediately bowed down to the man. He was quite tall in size and had curly brown hair. He didn't have much clothing on other than a single large overcoat and a pair of red gloves on his hands.

"Sir, thank you for saving the forest!" The guard said.

"No problem, I guess Mia came out last time so now it's my turn." Then as Roy looked around the room, he spotted Ray on the other side of the field.

"So the shadow Guard has finally decided to infiltrate Roland huh, well with me here no one is going to stop reach the city."

Flames started to form in Roy's left arm, they slowly started to make a shape, until finally, it created a whip made of fire.

"Is it just me or does he have a huge misunderstanding." Max said.

Roy then started to run forward charging across the field.

"I will not let you hurt my boss!" Jack said as he stepped in front of Roy.

"Huh aren't you human?" Roy said but decided to swing his whip out anyway. It wrapped around Jack's waist, and he could feel a burning sensation on his skin. He howled in pain and was then chucked to the side.

Seeing this, Ray gritted his teeth. He had used up quite a bit of mana and Jack was week form the mana Ray had taken.

He charged forward using the fire blast behind his back once again, travelling at an incredible speed.

"No one touches my men!" Ray shouted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 310 - The Army Grows
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray and Roy were both charging into the centre of the field where the large battle had just taken place. Any second now the two of them would clash and the guards feared the damage that Roy had just saved the forest from, could end up in even worse condition.

"Nobody touches my men!" Ray shouted.

"Men, I didn't realize the shadow could be so loyal, isn't that why you mainly use the beasts to do your work?"

However, before the two men could clash, Lenny stood there in the centre.

"That's enough both of you!" Lenny shouted.

Ray then paused, and so did Roy.

"Old man, what are you doing here? I haven't seen you in years, have you finally gone mad and teamed up with the shadow?"

Springett then started running "Wait!" She shouted, "Tower master Roy, there has been a huge mistake."

Springett was even in her breakthrough mode, using every bit of her energy to come over as quick as she could. She actually couldn't believe Lenny had gotten there before her.

Then she saw a magic circle underneath himself.

"Did he really create a small teleportation circle that fast?" Springett thought. "He is still amazing as always."

****

Springett had just finished explaining what had happened here today and how Ray and his guild were actually the ones that saved the Roland students. Lenny then went over to heal Jack and after Martha ordered the rest of the Underdog guild to start extracting the beast cores.

They could sell all of these for a profit to be used and would never have to worry about going hungry again.

"Ha, ha, I'm sorry, I nearly killed the saviour of our dear Roland students." Roy said, trying to play everything off as a joke.

"Please master Roy, if you could apologize," Springett asked.

"Of course," Roy said, "I'm sorry, the second I saw you I could tell you were strong and thought you had to be the shadow guard that the others were talking about."

Ray was still upset at the fact that he had hurt Jack without even confirming who he was attacking. Yet still hadn't gone over and apologized to him. The two of them did not get on well with each other at all.

"An eye for an eye? Right." Ray said, "You burned my man, but you think you can get away with a simple apology? Why don't we see how much it takes to burn you?"

"Alright Ray, time for you to head back." Martha said as she pulled him off to one side. "Don't you have another mission to do." She shouted, making sure she was heard.

"Ray it's best if you head back to the academy as Nes," She whispered, "It seems like Lenny knows the tower masters well and has managed to get one to help you on the inside. But if you're not back when everyone else is back at the academy, then it might cause some suspicion."

"Very well." Ray said as he took off into the forest and started to make his way the long way round back to the academy.

"He was a bit of a feisty one, wasn't he!" Roy said, laughing.

"Say's the person who charged in without confirming who the enemy was?" Lenny added.

The students were starting to head off with the guards back to the city and just before Springett went off to go with them. Lenny pulled on Springett's hand and whispered in her ear.

"You said you wanted to know why I was here, right? Well, meet me at this inn tonight and make sure you come alone and aren't followed."

Springett nodded before heading off with the other students and the tower master. As they walked off, he could see most of the students were still frightened, thinking that maybe at any second more beasts would come out and attack them.

"Don't worry kids, if anything comes out, I'll protect you guys." Roy said hoping to cheer them up but seemed to have no effect.

They had been through a lot, and it wouldn't be a surprise if a lot of the students who remained, decided to no longer pursue being a mage. Or at least not one that would be put on the front line in a war.

Back at the battlefield, the Underdog members had just finished extracting all of the crystals from the beasts. Luckily Martha was able to obtain a storage bag from the underdog's leader Osbourne.

These were quite expensive to come by, and Martha could never ask Slyvia for funds to get something like this.

When Jack had attacked him earlier, he had only been knocked out, but soon after, when the beasts had come and eaten him alive. It was a cruel way to go, but there was nothing they could have done at the time.

Martha then turned back and looked at the Underdog guild members. She could hear many of them discussing what to do now. Without their leader, they felt lost and would have to start adventuring on their own again or join other guilds.

"Ray did say he needed more men, right?" Martha thought.

She then gathered all of the men and stood Infront of them.

"I am sorry about the loss of your leader tonight, it was neither our intention to take the life of a great man. But remember you were the ones who started this attack on us." Martha said. "With just the two of us, we had no choice but to fight back today, but I want all of you to remember you did a great thing today. Because of your efforts, those children are able to go back to their families, and I thank you all."

With a speech like that, the Underdog guild members felt it hard to hate the two people in front of them. A lot of the members didn't even know why the guild war had started in the first place. But after witnessing their power, they never wanted to go up against a Redwing member again.

"So I call you all today. To ask you, if you have nowhere to go then we Redwings will take you in. Your things will be paid for, and accommodation will be given to you and your family. You saw what happened today, the shadow is able to attack anywhere, anytime and anyplace. No city is longer safe. But if you join the Redwings, we can protect you. All we ask for is complete loyalty."

With those words spoken, a queue started to form in front of Martha. As each member appeared in front of them, Martha offered them the contract of the system one by one. Some chose to accept while others didn't. Those that accepted were told to head off to Avrion to join the Redwings.

Slowly their army was starting to grow.

****

Author Notice: Schedule change 10:00 Am GMT+ 8 two chapters will be released. Sorry for no upload yesterday I got a puppy and wasn't able to sleep for the last two days.

Special thanks to Brandon_Ramos_3070, Ahmed_Kabir_7439, Jan_Deumel, AnubisRat, Shurikyn_13, ShiroDN, Rumtwist, and moosadeen3 for the gifts they really help me to my goal of becoming a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 311 - The spread of the Redwings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The inn felt alive and full of chatter. Downstairs was a restaurant, and today it was packed full of people. Music from the local bards was playing as the drunk cheered and sung songs while eating hearty food.

In the corner of the place was a large man in ragged clothing sitting on his own.

It was what he was most comfortable wearing. As he watched the people inside celebrating and having fun, he thought how peaceful must their lives be. Just earlier today if it wasn't for the Redwings a catastrophe could have struck the city, yet here they were unaware of it all.

Lenny was unsure what to think of the Redwings as a whole. He had decided to do some research after they had taken over the academy, and it seemed like their power and influence were spreading rapidly like a type of cult.

But after witnessing what had happened yesterday, it was starting to make sense. People weren't joining the Redwings because they were being forced into it. But it was out of fear. Most likely, the people at Avrion saw how strong the shadow was. Then, they saw an even greater foe defeat the shadow. They felt like the only way they could be protected, was to join the Redwings.

Not only that but Avrion had the resources and wealth to give them a good life. Strong knights were able to hunt out magical beasts and obtain the cores, selling them for a hefty sum of gold. Although Avrion was at the border of the shadow continent, it was one of the only places that successfully repelled an attack from the shadow.

And for some reason, the shadow hadn't struck again. Unknown to Lenny, the successful defence of the city and further attacks were due to the Wyvern on top of the mountain. All of these things were causing the growth of the Redwings.

Lenny's own goal was to get rid of the shadow he had his personal reasons. Although he was doing his part of it right now, he felt like the Redwings were doing most of the work. Perhaps if he wanted to play a more significant role in getting rid of the shadow, it would be best if he joined them as well.

Just then, as he was sat in the corner, Springett had entered the room. She was dressed as her usual self, in her white clothing of Roland. Although she was a professor, she wasn't too well known herself with the public.

The average city folk didn't bother too much with the affairs of Roland. However, they did know fo the powerful tower masters and Red-haired troupe. On multiple occasions, they had helped out around the city.

Following from behind was another female. She had black hair and purple lipstick on. Over her head, she wore a casual black hood that anybody could purchase form the market, making it hard to see who it was.

As Springett scanned the room, they spotted Lenny and went over to where he was sitting.

"Couldn't we have just met in my home." Mia said, "This place reeks."

"Can old friends not have a drink and talk to each other? I believe there is no alcohol at your house, am I correct?"

The two females sat down and proceeded to talk to each other. Springett went on about everything that had happened. From being teleported at the academy, to going into the shadow world, and being saved by Ray.

"The Redwings huh, I have not heard of them, although I have been to busy in my tower doing research these days, they must be a fairly new group." Mia said.

"Although new, their influence is growing, take a look." Lenny said as he waved his hand. An invisible bubble surrounded them, and suddenly they could hear the conversations of others around them.

"Hey did you hear, that Redwings Guild, they took out the Underdogs with only three people."

"Only three people? Clearly an overexaggerated rumour."

"It is true." Another man said, "I used to be part of the Underdogs and chose not to accept their offer of joining them. But everything, all the rumours you hear are true."

Lenny then waved his hand once again, and they could speak once more.

"Didn't the city try to keep everything that happened a secret?" Springett said.

"It is nearly impossible with an event as big as this one." Lenny replied, "There were too many people, and the task achieved was simply too big. Although the guards, kids and Guild members there were told to keep it a secret, they wish to tell people of what they saw. They feel like it's their duty that this story must be shared. By next week the whole city will know of the Shadow attack and the Redwings."

Lenny then gave a soft look at both Mia and Springett.

"You two are my closest friends in the city as well as the queen. The only ones I can trust. I need your help, and I require both of you for this task. The Redwings have someone on the inside at Roland academy. Their goal is to find the Devine being. I wish you will be able to help this person achieve this task."

"See the divine being? But not even us professors are allowed to see it!" Springett shouted "Only tower masters."

"And that is why Mia is here with us today as well. Springett, I know you believe in the prophecy. Otherwise, you wouldn't have decided to raise those five red-haired magicians. Do you remember the colour of the Redwing member you saw on the battlefield the other day?"

Springett started to think back, she was so engrossed in the fight and her survival she didn't really pay much attention at the time, but now that she thought about it, he had red hair too.

"I believe he is the person the prophecy spoke of," Lenny answered.

Springett sat there for a little bit before giving her answer.

"Very well, I will do my best."

"Me as well, but after this, I owe you no more favours." Mia added.

"What is the name of the person who we will need to support and aid?" Springett asked.

"Inside the academy, he goes by the name of Nes."

Springett's face dropped as she heard that name.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 312 - A messege to the Empire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing the name of who the Redwing member was from Lenny's mouth. Springett actually felt a weight lift off her shoulders. The whole time she had deemed that the boy was just too suspicious. The fact that her gut instinct was right she was a little proud of herself honestly.

Then another thought came to her mind, was Nes and Ray the same person? The fighting hand to hand combat techniques were similar, but this thought was quickly diminished. Nes could only use fire magic, although he could just be hiding it, she still didn't think that was the case.

What convinced her was the fire magic Nes produced and the fire magic Ray created were too different.

Also, Ray had several different magic skills that were almost impossible for a regular person to know about. Such as teleportation and lightning magic which was used against Blake.

When she asked Lenny about it, he wouldn't comment on it either. Neither confirming or denying her suspicions, saying that it wasn't his place to tell.

'Maybe they are related somehow' She thought?

*****

A week or so had passed, and things were still not normal at the academy. As expected, some of the students that had experienced the shadow continent had decided to leave the academy. They were unable to perform magic to the same standard as before. Their magic had now become a trauma linked to that place.

Because of what had just happened, Roland was on high alert. The students where to be watched by professors at all times. Mages were placed as guard all around the school, but it only started adding to the other student's worries.

Before they had felt like Roland was one of the safest places on the continent, yet still, somehow students were able to be taken and killed. Many students started to drop out of the academy one by one. Nobles from other kingdoms feared that their son or daughter could be in danger.

The homeroom teacher Del was never seen again after the incident. People were unsure whether he had been transported into the continent and never made it back or if he was working for the shadow in the first place.

Rumours about him started to spread how he had mistreated individual students in the past. Words that were heard under his breath. It turned out that the academy had been given reports of these strange actions, but they decided to ignore them.

Due to the academy being on high alert, Springett never found a good chance to approach Nes. To reveal to him, he knew who he was and to complete the task given to her by her teacher Lenny. When the time was right, she would act.

However, there was one bit of good news for Ray, his system was back up and working like normal. He was able to contact the others through the system once again and check-up with Slyvia. Even his dragon eyes skill was now working once again.

When he went around the academy to search though, he still could find no such thing. It was as he guessed, the divine being was most likely located in one of the towers. For whenever Ray looked at them, he was unable to see inside with his dragon eyes.

A few more days had passed, and as Lenny had predicted, the whole city and academy now knew of the Redwings. The rumours had spread of how they managed to defeat a medium-size guild with only three members and how they had defended an attack from the Shadow guard.

After the first news was reviled, it only caught the attention of those in Roland city, but the next bit of information started to spread far and wide. A lot of the students at the academy were citizens from other kingdoms. The ones who had been taken to the shadow continent confirmed the Redwings really did save them.

While the others who heard of this news also reported it to their friends and family. The news had gone even more widespread than Lenny had predicted.

As the news spread, there were generally two camps of people. Those who supported and welcomed the Redwings as a strong force that could save them from the shadow. And those that were afraid of the Redwings. If they had taken over Avrion, what was next? What was their goal?

The anger from the other kingdoms was starting to be directed at the Alure kingdom. They were wondering why hadn't anything been done about such a group.

And there was one person who now had a deep hatred of the Redwings. Blake. Ever since coming back to the academy, he was still unable to perform his lightning element. He tried and tired, but nothing would come out.

The only thing he could guess was Ray had stolen his element from him. Following the news that had been spread, Blake decided to send a letter to his father. He detailed everything that the Redwings had done and how they had fought against the shadow guard.

But the part Blake decided to put emphasis on was the conversation he had with Ray. About how the Redwings weren't afraid of anyone and had planned to take on the empire. They didn't fear them and welcomed war with them.

Making sure to highlight the fact his powers got stolen and Ray's words the letter was sent off.

****

Finally, the letter had arrived. By this time Blake's farther had already heard of all the news of the Redwings. He too feared that their force might grow too powerful and c.o.c.ky one day. After reading the contents of the letter, it only confirmed his suspicions.

The man scrunched up the letter in anger and shouted.

"Call a meeting with the emperor immediately, we must deal with this sc.u.m!" He shouted.

The attendant, standing by his side, immediately rushed off.

Blake's father was a powerful man in the empire, he was the general of the magic division for the empire. If he wanted to, he had the authority to take an army of his own and march right up to Avrion without needed to talk to the Emperor.

But instead, he wanted to inform the Emperor of what Ray had said about them. Hoping to set a spark in the Emperor's heart once more. He felt like ever since the invasion of the shadow continent, the empire had grown weak. The kingdoms were no longer afraid they might get taken over by them, and he wanted to change that.

The smell of war was coming.

****

Special thanks to Sasaray, Shurikyn_13, christian_walker, DarkShadow_DS, Fenrir2040, RedStorm_8179, Brandon_Ramos_3070, and Ahmed_Kabir_7439 for the gifts they really help me with my goal of becoming a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 313 - A letter from the Empire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back at Avrion, the weekly meeting was taking place. The council seats now consisted of Slyvia as the head of the table and the other council members. Humfree the white mage, Sir K, Wilfred, and Von.

At the meeting table, there was also the four Master knights. Kyle, who was now in charge of the black sash knights since Monk had left. Harry who rose up the ranks and proved his loyalty for the Redwings after his father died and finally, Dan, who was put in charge of the red sash knights.

There was also an empty seat for the green sash knight master Martha, but she was currently away helping Ray.

If someone was to look at the meeting room from the outside, they would probably laugh at the fact that an entire city, and well-established knight academy was half being run by kids. They barely looked old enough to pass for 18.

But these were the strongest and most trusted knights Ray knew. He had left everything to Slyvia and only had one condition. Those that were put in seats of power must be loyal. This was what lead the leaders of Avrion to be mostly filled with Ray's old comrades.

Everyone the room knew that Ray was the real leader of the Redwings. At the same time, the knights at the academy and the Guild members who had recently joined believed it was an adventurer named Nes.

"How are the members doing sent over by Martha?" Slyvia asked.

Harry then stood up to give a reply.

"We have put them through the trials and assigned each one a sash. We have also given them each a set of soul-bound intermediate armour forged by Randin and has the crest of the Redwings as requested. Unfortunately, he has used up most of our supplies so we must either trade with other cities soon or go out for a hunt again."

"Good to hear, if we are unable to get a fair trade with the other cities this time then don't bother. We will simply use the gold to increase the bounty of our own Quests and allow adventures and our own Guild members to do the work for us.??

As a newly established group, the other cities were giving unfair trades at the time. Either less building materials for beast cores, or less gold in general. At the time Avrion was in desperate need of support as it was being rebuilt, so they had no choice but to accept, but now Avrion were in a strong position.

Sir K was the next to give a report as he stood up.

"There are six months remaining before the confrontation with the shadow. There seems to be no movement from them so far. However, the scouts that we have sent to check on the armies size have not returned."

"There is no need to send any more men to the shadow continent, it seems they really do plan to stick to this year agreement, and even if they don't, we will be ready," Slyvia said.

Just then, a knock was heard on the door from outside.

"I'm sorry to disturb the council meeting, but there is an emergency!" The guard said.

"Come in!" Von shouted.

In came one of the black knights that worked directly under Von. In fact, there weren't many black knights at the academy or in the city anymore. It turned out that most of them worked for Pureblood apart from the ones under Von's command.

"Please read this!" The man said as he handed over a sealed letter to Slyvia and on the front, it had the mark of the Empire.

As Slyvia read out the contents of the letter, everyone was silenced.

"Call the other kingdoms for a meeting and the Alure kingdom Queen immediately," Slyvia said.

"But they have not replied to us once," Wilfred said, "Why would they reply now?"

"We have to try, we have no choice now."

The same letter sent to Avrion, was also sent to the capital of each of the six kingdoms. And soon the news had been spread to the people's ears.

The Empire had declared war on Avrion City or more specifically the group known as the Redwings. Not only that, but they stated any kingdom, allowing the Redwings a place of comfort or stay will be considered their allies and an enemy of the Empire as well.

It was threat asking the Alure kingdom to deal with the Redwings themselves if they did not, then they would be made an enemy. The Redwings were also unable to settle in any other of the kingdoms; otherwise, they would experience the same fate.

A few days went past, and there were no reply from the kingdoms. They refused to meet up with Avrion in person and simply replied that they would comply with the Empire's wishes.

The leaders of the kingdoms knew this was wrong, but the Empire was a powerful force. Only with the power of the 6 kingdoms combined could they even have a chance of fending off against the Empire.

In desperate times, Slyvia sent out a message to the one person she could rely on and updated him about everything that was going on. Ray.

News inside the academy took longer to spread since; usually, they weren't allowed outside the school. But they would be allowed contact with their parents and the news had eventually reached even the students of Roland.

Inside the classroom while on break, Ray and his group were currently discussing the news.

Many of them were devastated by the other Kingdoms decision to ignore what happened, especially after the Redwings had saved their lives. Norah, the princess who had been personally saved, begged her father to reconsider and at least help out the Redwings in any way, but he simply said it was impossible.

"Why do you think this is happening?" Max asked. "The Redwings saved us, they even saved some of the kids who were from the Empire."

"Isn't it obvious." Said Bliss. "The Empire is scared of any powerful force that grows, rather than watch something that might be able to fight against them in the future. It's better to squash them now while they are still small."

"I Can think of another reason," Van said, and his thought was spot on. "Blake, he would never allow the humiliation he received from them to go unheard. And I heard ever since he got back, he has been unable to perform his lightning magic."

The whole continent continued to discuss the big event that was on everyone's mind.

Through Ray's connections with Martha and Lenny though, he was able to get one kingdom to reply to Slyvia. The Alure kingdom.

Tomorrow they would be meeting the queen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 314 - Slyvias plan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days ago, after sending Ray the message. Ray immediately told her to come over to Roland. The capital of the Alure kingdom for a meeting. He guaranteed her that he would be able to get the queen to meet her.

But even if Slyvia was able to meet the queen in person, what could she do? Alure was only one kingdom, and the Empire was, well an Empire. When she asked Ray this, he simply said I trust you to come up with a good plan and left it at that.

On the way to Roland, she travelled with Sir K and Wilfred as her two guards. Now that the Empire was after them Von was worried that they might send assassins. He refused to let her travel without some strong people by her side.

Although Slyvia wasn't too worried. Most of the information about the Redwings were kept secret. Many kingdoms and even Alure itself didn't know that people like Wilfred and Sir K had joined the Redwings and they didn't even know what the leader looked like.

Upon entering the city, Ray had sent the location of where they would be meeting. Standing just outside one of the city's guildhall, was Jack, Martha, Lenny and Ray.

As the three got off the carriage, Sylvia's eyes were immediately attracted to Ray.

"Ray? You look so…"

"Handsome?" Martha said, "I know it surprised us too."

"I'm handsome?" Ray said, "My parents were always beautiful compared to others, but I've never been called that before. Thank you, Martha, for the compliment."

Martha then got a little red herself and looked at Slyvia who was giving her all sorts of stares.

"I'm sorry." Martha mouthed out the words making sure no one could hear her.

But Martha was right. While Slyvia hadn't seen Ray in so long, he looked like a fully grown a.d.u.l.t now. Before the two of them were around the same height, but now Ray was a fully grown man and had this sense of maturity about him.

"Well, this is awkward, isn't it?" Wilfred said as he went to shake Lenny's hand.

"It has been a long time teacher?" Lenny replied.

"Teacher?" The others looked in surprise as they had heard those words.

"Don't you remember, I told you I used to be a knight at Avrion?" Said Lenny.

But what surprised them more than anything was that Lenny was meant to be around 100 years old. If Wilfred was his teacher, then he must have been older then him.

"Will you please stop looking at me like that." Wilfred said, "I became a master knight at a young age, and Lenny was put under my squad when he was already a full-fledged knight. I can assure you Lenny is older than me."

Again as if he could read the other's mind, Wilfred gave a perfect answer. Although looking at both of them, it was still hard to tell their age. One was using Magic while the other was using Ki to slow down the ageing process.

The two of them didn't even look over fifty.

The group then headed into the guildhall and started to make their way up the stairs onto the second floor.

They were greeted by the government official in charge of the guildhall who allowed them to sit down on the sofas while some of the others stood up.

"Hey Ray, aren't you meant to be in the academy right now?" Slyvia asked, "What if the others notice you are missing?"

"Don't worry, I have taken care of that."

***

At the academy currently one of the lessons had just finished and it was a break time for the students.

"Hey, Nes do you want to go chill outside for a bit?" Max asked.

The clone sitting in Ray's seat turned its head and smiled.

"Do you think he's quieter than usual?" Kaito asked

"Who cares, I think he's just in a good mood he's smiling at everything," Max said. "Are you in a good mood?"

The clone looked at the two and smiled again.

"Yeah, definitely weird," Kaito said.

****

After waiting for a while, the queen once again arrived with her single attendant who was wearing a white robe behind her.

As she came in, she gave a little bow and greeted Ray.

"You look a little different, but I can tell it is you. Thank you for helping my son."

"Well, I guess it's time you return the favour," said Ray. "I believe you already know about the situation the Redwings are in, not a single one of the kingdoms have replied to our call for help."

"What would you like me to do?" the queen said. "I cannot put the people of the kingdom in danger, and I hope you understand that."

Ray then pointed to Slyvia who was sat down by his side.

"Please listen to what she has to say."

Slyvia then took in a deep breath before beginning to speak.

She started to explain her plan and what the redwings had planned. A response to the Empires threat and declaration of war. It was also the first time Ray was hearing of the plan as well.

"Are you sure you want to go through with this? Is there not a better way? You could also become an enemy of every kingdom if you go through with this." The queen said.

"I think it's a great plan." Ray replied, "Sooner or later, this was going to happen anyway, as long as you can complete our request, then it will be fine."

The queen sat still and thought about it for a moment. To be honest, she didn't like the plan at all, it was shifting all of the responsibility off her shoulders and letting the Redwings deal with it all. After they had already saved many Roland students, including her own son.

"Okay I can do that for you, I shall send a letter asking the other kingdoms and empires to gather. The Empire has been waiting for my response, and so have the other kingdoms, so I'm sure they will come."

Letters had been sent out from the queen to each kingdom and the Empire, and it was agreed. A meeting was to take place at Roland about the matter with the Redwings. They were to all meet in a week.

*****

Special thanks to moosadeen3, Shurikyn_13, RedStorm_8179, Fenrir2040, jojohardball, ShiroDN and DarkShadow_DS for the gifts they really help me with the goal of becoming a full time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 315 - Redwings messege
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A week had passed since the queen had requested a meeting between the 6 kingdoms and the Empire. The subject, the Redwings.?The meeting was to take place inside Roland academy. An apparent neutral ground as Roland technically wasn't owned by any of the kingdoms or the Empire.

It would also be the safest place for them as they were surrounded by the four-tower masters.

As the leaders of each Kingdom arrived in the city. They had brought with them their own army of around 1000 men. Although they were to be stationed outside and not allowed in the city. However, they were ready to attack at any moment if anything was to go wrong.

The only people who didn't bring an army along with them was the Empire. In fact, they hadn't even bother sending anyone of importance to this meeting. They had sent two guards and with them a messenger that was hardly a noble in the Empire.

Upon entering Roland academy, each person was only allowed to bring in a total of two personal guards with them. This also included Queen Elizbeth. And standing by her side right now in the meeting room, was Slyvia on one side and Ray on the other. Ray was also his usual self and not disguised as Nes which surprised Slyvia.

The seven people around the giant round table had gathered each with their two guards standing by their side.

Slyvia then stepped forward slightly from her position to make an announcement.

"The meeting arranged by Queen Elizabeth and the seven present will now begin."

The queen cleared her throat before she started.

"As you may know, each one of us recently received a letter from the Empire. Stating anyone who is harbouring the Redwings shall be seen as an enemy of the Empire. The Empire declares war on the Redwings. Now before I continue, I must ask, why have you chosen the Redwings as your target?"

It was a good question the others thought. They knew the reason why the Empire had made this move but were wondering if they would be so bold to come out and state the truth.

The man sitting down and representing the Empire was named Peak, he had straight hair that curled just past his shoulders and on his face a long curly moustache.

As the queen spoke, he contently played with his moustache as if he didn't have a care in the world. To the other kings and queens in the room, this was quite disrespectful, but no one would dare say a word.

"Queen Liz," Peak said.

"Elizbeth to you, only my friends may call me that." She said, interrupting him.

"Liz, do you know how many members the Redwings currently have? In total, the numbers are around 5000.

They claim they are not a nation yet a guild. Your Kingdom has allowed them to silently grow power in the corner and have done nothing about it."

"Oh, and why should I? They have not only saved and protected the lives of others but are one of the very few that are openly going against the shadow force."

"Or so they say. Honestly, it doesn't matter what you or I think. The emperor has made his decision and what he says shall go. So I ask you, and everyone one of these kingdoms, are you willing to side with them, or will you be going up against us?"

The queen then stood up from her seat, "Before you give your answer, the Redwings would like to have a word with you themselves."

"Oh really, what is it they want to say?" Peak asked.

"Why don't you ask them yourself?" She said as she stepped back and allowed Slyvia to sit down. As she did, she pulled out a round gold plate and placed in on the table. The plate showed the symbol of the Redwings.

Peak then slammed his fist on the table, causing it to shake a little.

"You dare bring them to this meeting, this meeting is cancelled, guards take them away this instant."

A crackling noise could suddenly be heard in the room. As everyone turned to look, they noticed Ray was playing with his lightning powers. Twiddling it around between his fingers.

"If anyone leaves this room before they hear her out, you're dead," Ray said in a calm voice.

For some reason, everyone in that room at that point and time could tell Ray was dead serious. They couldn't believe it, but they were all afraid of someone who looked like a young a.d.u.l.t.

One of the kings whispered to his guard standing by his side. Each of the kingdoms had brought their strongest fighters with them in the room.

"Do you think you could beat him?" A king asked.

"I'm not sure, but his confidence is frightening," The man said, "Let's put it this way I wouldn't want to find out. It's best if we hear them out."

Everyone else in the room had the same opinion.

Peak calmed his anger down a bit as he noticed the others weren't having the same reaction as him. Did they know something he didn't Peak thought? Or were they all in on this?

Unlike the others, Peak was just a lowly noble, a messenger of sorts. He had never been to battle himself and the two guards that had been sent with him where only standard knights. The Empire never dreamed anyone would dare attack them for fear of starting a war.

"Go on then, what would the Redwings like to say, young lady."

As Peak looked at the girl, he wanted to laugh out loud. Did the Redwings really send a young girl to do their negotiations? Perhaps the Empire didn't have to worry about them as much as they thought.

"We the Redwings are claiming independence from the Alure kingdom. The city known as Avrion, and the territory past the mountains to the north will now be the borderlines. We will be our own Kingdom with our king known as Ray Talen." Slyvia said as she pointed towards Ray standing there.

Although his face right now was not that of a king, it was of confusion. He had allowed Slyvia to take care of everything so far and assumed she had it under control, but she had never informed him of this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 316 - Tell them Everything
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray wasn't the only one that stood there confused in the room. The looks of the other people bore similar expressions.

"A new king?"

"Did they just say they wanted to create a new kingdom?"

"This is crazy, they are crazy!"

They chattered with their guards trying to make sense of what they had just heard. What they were most shocked about though, was the fact that Slyvia had declared the man standing next to her, as the King of the Redwings. Did this mean that Ray was the leader of the Redwings the others thought? Or maybe he was just a token to be put in the real leader's place.

They all felt that Ray looked too young, although no longer looking like a teenage boy, he still looked like a young a.d.u.l.t in his early twenties.

"This is impossible!" Peak shouted, "You can't just go around declaring and making kingdoms, that land that Avrion is on belongs to the Alure kingdom."

Peak then pointed directly at the Queen who was standing to the left of Slyvia.

"You think claiming independence will stop us from attacking the Alure kingdom. It's clear that you are helping them just by inviting them into this room."

"The land that Avrion is on never belonged to the Alure kingdom in the first place." Slyvia interrupted.

"What she says is true." The Queen said, "You can check our records if you wish, that land has always belonged to a mighty beast too powerful for us to deal with. It was only thanks to a deal with the Divine being Avrion was allowed to exist in the first place."

Peak then pulled his guard to his side.

"Check if what she says is true for me." He whispered.

"Fine but it still stands that the Redwings and the Empire are officially at war. As stated, the other kingdoms are not to help in any way, and that includes trades."

The Empire were trying their best to get rid of the Redwings without even lifting a finger. First, they wanted the Alure kingdom to attack them, now that he could see this wasn't going to work, he resorted to plan B.

Without trade, a city would need to be self-sustaining. Peak had done his research into the Redwings before coming here. At the moment, most of their coin came from quests and beast cores. Such as protecting Nobles to and from cities, or by selling the beast cores as raw material, that could be used to craft weapons to be sold.

Without being able to trade with the other kingdoms or cities, what would they do for food and other supplies such as clothing? Its main export was beast cores but other than powering up items or making weapons and armour, it was useless for everything else.

"Fine." Ray answered, "Is there anything else?"

The confidence Ray was showing was causing Peak to worry a bit. Did he have a plan for all this he thought? There might have been something he didn't know about.

Then a sinister idea came across his mind, and he started to laugh out loud, the noise echoed through the room.

"Well then, Queen Elizbeth I must say it was so nice of you to bring the Redwings, I guess the King is it now, is right on our doorsteps. As our two nations are at war and you were unofficially invited to this meeting, I am free to do what I wish."

He then turned to the two guards by his side who each was dressed in gold plated armour. It sparkled in the light while holding their long silver spears.

"Kill them!" Peak said as he pointed at the two.

The others in the room didn't know what to do. Afraid that a fight may break out any second now, they stood away from the main table and hid behind their guards.

But before they knew it, Ray had already crossed over the large table and was by the side of the other three. The first guard thrust his spear towards Ray, he then simply stepped to the side and slammed his fist into the spear, breaking it into two before Grabbing the guards head and slamming it down onto the table.

Sparks of purple lightning then left his hand as it continuously shocked the whole guard's body. He started shaking like crazy on top of the table, until foam began to appear from the man's mouth.

The other guard then tried to move to get in closer but for some reason, he couldn't. When he looked down, he could see that both of his legs were frozen in place. Ray then slowly walked up the guard and saw him shivering.

'This man is too powerful, no wonder he wasn't afraid of the Shadow' The guard thought.

Ray placed his hand on the guard's shoulder and slowly, the ice on his body started to rise until it had finally reached just below his neck.

"Remember everything you saw today." Ray said, "This is a message for the Empire."

Leaving the guard alone, Ray then turned to look at Peak and immediately started to walk towards him.

"What are you doing? Are you an idiot!" Peak shouted, "The Empire will never forgive you for this."

"Strange?" Ray replied. "I thought we were already at war, what else could we possibly be afraid of?"

Ray then grabbed Peak by the head and slammed his head down on the table as well. His cheek was squashed up against his mouth, unable to say anything. The only sounds that were heard were grunts and m.o.a.ns.

The more he struggled, the more force Ray would apply, forcing him to eventually remain still.

"This is a message to not only the empire but the other six kingdoms here as well." Ray said, "Just as the Empire has said, anyone who allies with us is an enemy of the Empire. Anyone who allies with them, is an enemy of the Redwings."

Activating the fire attribute his gauntlet started to heat up ever so slightly. A burning sensation could be felt on peaks face, but soon the heat got incredibly hot.

Screaming could be heard in the room, and eventually, Ray pulled Peak's head back and lit his whole body on fire.

"You would have lived if you did not try to kill us," Ray said.

Ray then turned to the frozen guard who had witnessed everything from start to finish. "Remember what I said earlier, tell them everything."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 317 - Redwings Kingdom
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The meeting had come to an end, and after the incident, not a single person wished to stop Ray and Slyvia leaving the room. The fear and power of the Redwings were engrossed in their mind. They had an idea that the Redwings were powerful. They had heard the rumours and anyone strong enough to fend off a shadow guard with only three members had to be strong.

The thought in their heads currently was that there were 5000 men in the city just as powerful as Ray. This wasn't true, of course, but this was the impression Ray was hoping to leave. The kings or queens of the kingdom weren't usually the most powerful. They were the most trusted by the people.

The people relied on their kings to make their right decision for the benefit of the kingdom. However, Ray's position was different, his was purely based on his own powers, but the other kingdoms did not know this.

News had quickly spread to the other kingdoms that the Redwings have declared independence and a new kingdom named the Redwings was born. The Empire had also heard the news but were still waiting for their messenger to return.

Ray had purposely left a single guard to head back to the Empire and tell them all the details of what happened that day.

Slyvia, Ray and the Queen were currently in a guest room at Roland together. They often used this room when important guests came to visit. It was nothing fancy, but it had a few chairs and sofas and some snacks set up by the side.

"I'm sorry Ray, now everyone knows who you are," Sylvia said with her head down. "It was the only thing I could think of to stop them, and the others from attacking Alure as well."

Slyvia had planned how the Empire would act. She knew at some point that the Empire would try to get rid of them there and then if she declared the person next to her as king of the new land. At the same time, she knew how Ray would respond.

She had been with him long enough, the only thing she didn't count on was how well it worked. The war with the Empire was happening regardless of what was said in that room. The Empire had already made up their mind.

But what they didn't want happening was the other Kingdoms teaming up with the Empire and attacking them as well. Ray's display of power brought them some time and would make the other kingdoms think twice before attacking.

Right now, they wouldn't help the Redwings, but they wouldn't attack them either.

"It's okay," Ray replied. "I planned to reveal myself to them today anyway. I'm growing tired of hiding behind a mask and its why I decided to turn up as myself."

"The problem now is trade, we will have to start doing our own agriculture work," Slyvia replied.?"Our current supplies will only last so long, and none of the other places will trade with us due to fear from the Empire."

"I know its not much." The queen said, "But you may take one of my men, Leon. He is the head of our agriculture department and has been working with Roland to develop some interesting things that might help you."

"Thank you for doing all of this for us," Slyvia replied.

"Is there no way we can expand north?" Ray asked.

"Into the shadow continent? The problem is the land there, once the shadow continent takes over somewhere, the land becomes sick and dead with the disease. So far, no one has been able to restore any of the lands, which is why we try so hard to defend the borders."

'Perhaps one of my purification skills could work, either way, it would be best to unlock as many skills as I can.' Ray thought.

"The problem is, when will the Empire strike. Luckily our position is at the other end of the continent. If they were to move a large army, it would take them some time and would defiantly be too hard to go unnoticed." Layla said.

"I believe they will wait for you to weaken." The queen said, "Perhaps they are hoping the fact that you no longer will be able to trade will cause the city to be less prospers. With that, there might be a few that would leave The Redwings. Also, beware of the other kingdoms nearby. For now, your show worked, but soon the Empire will pressure them too much until they eventually attack. The display you put on will have less of an impression as time goes on."

Slyvia wasn't too worried about an attack, she was confident in their army. The problem was when they would attack. Six months from now, the Shadow had planned to attack. The other kingdoms and Empire didn't know of this, but if they both happened to strike at the same time, it would be disastrous for the Redwings.

The other problem was their growth. With the crisis they were facing it would now be nearly impossible to recruit people over to their side. Slyvia eyebrow was constantly twitching as these thoughts were filled in her mind.

"Go back to Avrion," Ray said as he placed his hand on her shoulder. "You are not in this alone. Allow others to help you. I also hear Martha has something she wants to show us. It seems like I must wrap up my duties at Roland as soon as possible."

*****

Flyers were currently being spread out everywhere as the news of a new kingdom had appeared. On it reviled information about the Redwings achievements and how they had managed to fend off the Shadow.

However, reports in the Empire told a different story to the public. Talking about how they were brainwashing the others and killed their peaceful messenger they had sent to discuss peace. But this didn't fool anyone, even the people knew how biased the reports from the Empire were.

But sitting down in a tavern was a female wearing a hooded cloak. She was on her own in the corner, looking at the news that had just been printed. As she started reading the flyer, something had caught her eye.

"A new king is announced, Ray Talen of the Redwing Kingdom."

The woman dropped the drink out of her hand and allowed the class to fall onto the floor.

"My little Ray, what on earth is happening?"

****

Special thanks to Steven_Estep, Briannnn, Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, DarkShadow_DS, and Fenrir2040 They really mean a lot to me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 318 - Another Assesment?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A lot had happened in the last few days. All that anyone could talk about in the academy was news of what had just happened a few days ago. Everywhere Ray would turn it would be about the Redwings. It felt a little awkward at the same time since a lot of the conversations were talking about the King, Ray.

Sitting down at their tables, was Van, Max and Ray, and the three of them were surrounded bu pupils currently. Not only that but nearly all of the other students had come in to talk to Del's class. Everyone knew they had been saved first hand by the Redwings.

And it turns out it wasn't just any member, but the King of the Redwings.

"Hey max, is it true you know the king on a first name basis?"

Max then peaked out of the corner of his eye to look at Ray, but he seemed uninterested.

"Yeah, he and my sister actually know each other," Max said nervously.

"Your sister is Slyvia, right? I heard she's quite high up in the Redwings rank, does this mean that the Heart family are going to relocate to the Redwing army?"

"Wait seriously, aren't some of the Hearts Generals and captains of the Alure kingdom? If they do move, it will weaken the Alure kingdom power greatly."

"Guys relax," Max said, "What Slyvia is doing right now is not related to the Heart family in any way. She's her own person."

Max did worry a bit about his brothers in the army. The news had spread everywhere, and he was sure right now they were being bombarded with questions, perhaps even questioning their loyalty. But what the public didn't know was the Alure kingdom and the Redwings were actually on good terms.

"I want to meet him again," Norah said with her face all red as she thought about him. "Now that he's a King, the two of us can get married, and our kingdoms can get closer together."

"And it will just make you an instant target for the empire." Bliss said, "But seriously, I understand that he was the one that saved us all back then, but to me, he seemed kind of scary."

"How so?"

"Do you not remember what he did to Blake? Although Blake deserved it, he could have been dealt with in other ways. And I have a feeling what he said is true as well. The way that Ray was taunting him by using his lightning powers and the smile on his face.?I think he really did steal his ability."

"About that?" Norah said, "I hear he's actually been practising with one of the tower masters to control another element and he's learning pretty quickly."

"Hmm, I wonder what it will be," Bliss said.

Meanwhile, Van was currently sitting down in a daze himself. For the first time, he had used his powers to save someone. It might not have been a human, but it was a companion, the wolf Noir. It felt good for once that his powers were used to protect instead of bringing danger.

He just wished he could do it more often.

'Why have I been cursed' Van thought.

But then his mind started to lead him somewhere else, and that thought was about Ray. He couldn't stop thinking about how fearless the Redwings leader was. No matter what happened, he dived in without hesitation.

And now Van was starting to look up to this Ray figure as someone to admire.

Just then, the bell rang, and the students who had entered the classroom quickly left to head to their class.

Opening the door and entering the room was professor Springett. Ever since Del's disappearance, she had been taking over his classes.

The academy also felt like she would be the best person as she had experienced travelling to the shadow continent with them. They thought the students would feel more trusting around her.

"Alright, guys I'm here to make an announcement to you all." She said as she put a pile of books down on her desk in front. "As you all know, the beast hunting ground assessment was a mess."

"Mess is an understatement." A student whispered.

"But still, the students need to be assessed on their practical skills so we can put you in the appropriate classes for next term. The school have decided to cancel the hunting assessment as it is far too dangerous."

"So we professors and tower masters have come together with a solution. Students shall face off against each other in a tournament-style duel. The matches shall be watched by the other professors as well as the tower masters. One of the tower masters shall be the referee and will intervene if they think there will be any serious injuries."

The students started to chatter amongst themselves about the sudden change, although most of them spoke positively. They didn't want to hunt or see and Beasts any time soon. So the move was welcomed.

While Springett left the other students to talk about the upcoming assessment, she asked Ray to come to speak outside.

"What do you want?" Ray asked.

"Finally, I haven't been able to talk to you due to how tight security has been around here. But ever since that kingdom incident, everyone seems to have forgotten we were only attacked by the shadow about a month ago. Anyway, Lenny told me everything about how you are working for the Redwings and he asked me to help you. During the tournament, all the tower masters and students will be gathered outside on the field. You will be able to use this to your advantage to go see the Divine being."

"But I don't even know where it is?" Ray asked.

"The tower master named Mia will help you, she is a good friend of Lenny. You will recognise her instantly, she always wears thick purple lipstick and dark clothing."

"Thank you for your help." Said Ray.

She looked at Nes a few times and wondered why did the Redwings choose a student, the whole thing would have been easier if Lenny was to come in, or they asked an a.d.u.l.t to become a professor.

"No problem, I just hope I'm doing the right thing," Springett replied and went back into the classroom.

Finally, Ray was going to get his answers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 319 - Tower masters student
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A week had passed since the new assessment rules were announced and today was the day of the assessment. It was to take place on the large outside field which stood in between the three different buildings.

The students were split into three different buildings depending on their class. You had the lower-class students who had the biggest building, but it looked the plainest and had the least amount of money spent on it.

Then the middle-class building, which was more modern looking and had better facilities inside. And finally, the upper-class building, which even though it had the least amount of students, was the same size as the middle-class building.

This was the nicest of them all with the best equipment and kept most up to date. Roland academy did this on purpose. They wanted their students to strive to work harder, and if you improved and moved up in class, you would be rewarded with better rooms and better facilities.

The problem was for some students no matter how hard they worked, they wouldn't be able to move up. Kaito was the perfect example of this, he was just born with weak magical power yet was very skilful and knowledgeable.

Which why he looked up to the old tower master Lenny. It was well known that Lenny had weak magical powers. Yet because of his vast knowledge and use of multiple different magical abilities, he was able to rise to the top and become tower master.

Out on the field, three stands had been built just in front of their buildings facing inward. Then on the other end, where four large seats with a table out front. This was where the judges, also known as the tower masters, would be sitting.

The first group to come out were the lower-class students, in total, there were around three hundred of the students who entered into the stands. Stood in front of them were four professors. Springett, Flynn and two other male professors Ray had only seen around the school.

The next group to arrive was the middle-class students. They were only around a hundred of these students, and with them, only two professors, a male and a female stood in front of their stands.

And lastly, the upper-class students only around thirty in total with the principal standing by their side. The principal, although busy with his duties, was also the current teacher for the upper class.

Before Fay would be in charge of the upper-class students but with Del gone, they needed a replacement for one of the lower classes.

As the upper-class students came out, there was whispers and chatter amongst the others. It was actually a rare occurrence for the others to see the upper-class students. Most of the time, they stayed indoors in their building or would be out on quests.

Only a few would go out and mingle with the other classes like Blake. That's when Ray had spotted the five Redheaded children come out and sit into the stands.

'They must be the troupe that Springett was in charge of?' Ray thought.

There were three girls and two boys, and it was as Ray thought. These were the ones that Springett personally took charge of and went around the city completing good deeds.

But the strange thing was Ray noticed was that Blake wasn't there with the Upper-class students, and Ray wasn't the only one who noticed.

"Hey, do you think he quit school after what happened?" Max asked.

"Maybe the rumours were true." Kaito replied, "I heard he could no longer perform his lightning abilities."

Just then, as everyone was discussing and talking about the upper-class students. The tower masters had arrived.

First came out Roy, who had arrived a little too late to the battlefield and nearly fought against Ray. As he went to sit in his seat, he waved to the crowd.

The person next to him, had bright purple lipstick and wore dark clothing all over. In fact, not a single piece of her clothing wasn't black.

Springett then turned to Ray as if to signal to him, that she was the person he needed to look out for. But to be honest, her description of her was spot on, and Ray didn't need Springett to confirm anything.

Then another female tower master arrived. She was quite short and wore a pointy hat with round classes on. As she hopped onto the seat, the boys and girls couldn't help but smile at her cuteness.

Then the last tower master had arrived, dressed in green armour all over and even had green hair to go with it. His clothing had several patterns that imitated that of a snake.

But when everyone saw the final tower master, they were surprised to see someone standing by his side. It was Blake. As the tower master sat down in his seat, Blake bowed down to him before leaving to join the other upper-class students in the stand.

"Maybe the rumours were true then?" Bliss said.

"It looks like it, the tower master must have really taught him," Norah said.

The little tower master then stood up, from her seat and started to speak. As she did, the voice seemed to be projected into each of the student's minds.

"Welcome everyone to today's assessment. Before we start, I shall explain the rules. We shall call out a number between one and four hundred. These set of numbers are for the middle class and lower-class students only. If your number has been called, then you must stand up and must state if you wish to fight an upper-class student or a higher-class student. We shall select a student at random, and the two shall fight. Based on your preference today, we will decide whether or not you will be moved to the classes above. I wish you all good luck, and may the assessment begin.

The little tower master then lifted her finger and shot out what looked like a firework above the centre of the field in the air. As it burst, a number was revealed, and the assessment had begun.

****

Special thanks to Favour_Orinami_6901, ancientwatcher, ShiroDN, RedStorm99, Briannnn, Mikey_Paul,?Blight_Deadlock, Shurikyn_13, Fenrir2040 and Steven_Estep for the gifts, they really help me, and soon I will be able to become a full-time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 320 - Bliss the Talented
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone's eyes were looking above the field as they waited to see what number would be revealed. As the firework-like magic burst away, the first number was 54.

"Wait a second, how do we know whose number belongs to who?" Max asked as he looked around.

Then from their group that were sat together, the white uniform that Bliss was wearing was starting to glow.

"Ah, Bliss." The little tower master said, "Looks like you will be going first, I have high hopes for you."

Bliss stood up confidently and walked past the students in the stands to head down the field. She was now stood on one end of the area near the tower masters.

"So who wants to be a judge first?" Roy asked with his feet up on the table.

"Well, if you're volunteering for us," Mia replied.

"Tut, Fine." Roy then stood up from his seat and walked to the centre of the field.

"Please declare what class of opponent you would like to go against."

"The middle-class students please," Bliss said.

It was suspected. Only in very rare circ.u.mstances did a lower class move up straight to the upper class and Bliss was a cautious person. She was always going to choose to go against a middle-class student.

Once again, one of the students from the middle-class uniforms started to light up, and he made his way to the opposite end of where Bliss stood around ten meters apart.

"Now remember." Roy said, "We will be looking at both of you for this assessment. This isn't about beating the other person or overpowering them, but showing us what you can do, understand?"

The two of them nodded and got into their fighting stance. The boy she was going up against had a glove with a beast crystal imbedded inside, while Bliss held onto a long staff with a beast crystal just at the tip.

"She really does remind me of that witch even more now with that staff," Ray said.

Before the twos fight was about to begin, Ray received a strange message from the system.

[Direct communication magic is trying to be used, allow?]

[Yes] [No]

Ray was trying to figure out why he was suddenly getting a message from the system like this. He looked around and then he noticed that the Tower master Mia was looking right in his direction.

'Is it form her?" He thought.

Meanwhile, Mia was stumped herself.

"Can he not here me, it's like somethings blocking my magic. I could use a large speaking array like the other tower master, but then the others will hear?"

Just then though, Ray had clicked yes on the other end, and it felt like her magic had gotten through.

"Speak," Ray said.

"I've been told by Lenny to help you locate the divine being, I'm assuming Springett has brought you up on the details. Lenny also informed me that you have the skill to form decoys."

"Decoys?" Ray thought, "Oh, he must be talking about my cloning skill."

"When it's your turn to do the assessment, I will be the judge. You need to make a big enough distraction and replace yourself with the decoy. At that moment, I will help the two of us leave the arena."

"What about you, won't they notice your gone?"

"Don't worry, I have prepared a doll beforehand. It's tricky to control at the same time while using my actual body, but no one should notice I'm not there."

The tower masters did really have some useful skills, Ray thought. Once the plan was set between the tower master all that was left was to put their plan into action, but there was one more thing Ray wanted to do as he looked to his right, Van was there sitting by his side.

"Are you able to prepare one more of those dolls, and can you make them look like anyone?" Ray asked.

"I had a spare one for you just in case you said you weren't able to make a decoy," Mia replied.

"Good, because there's one more person I want to take with us."

The communication between the two had ended, and somehow, he was now meant to take Van with him to see the divine being. Ray was still unsure why in his vision a while ago he was seen fighting by his side and more importantly, just why was the shadow after him. The only thing he could do was take Van with him to see the divine being hoping he could get answers.

The match below had started, and Bliss immediately started with her trademark skill. Shooting three energy blast from her staff at once and all three of them flew in different directions.

"Oh this girl is impressive, no wonder you liked her Betty," Mia said.

Betty was the head tower master. She was short in size and looked like a young girl but was actually one of the founders of Roland academy and was originally born in the Empire.

"Yes, I have been keeping an eye on her ever since she entered," Betty replied. "To be able to control three different energy blast and have them move independently. One must have a great mind."

As the energy blast came towards the student, he remained calm though. He didn't try dodge any of the strikes and instead stood there still, allowing all three of them to hit at the same time.

A cloud of dust could was formed as the energy blast landed on its targets, and when it finally settled, a small cracked golden barrier could be seen.

"Haha, so what if you can control and move all three, all I need to do is block them from all directions."

Bliss facial expression didn't change one bit though, she swung her staff once again, and the same thing happened again, three energy blast came out at once.

The student seeing this, allowed his barrier to crack and disappear and he formed another wall blocking the attacks. The same thing had happened again. As the dust settled, the cracked barrier could be seen behind it.

"Useless, only an idiot does the same thing again and again."

The boy then dropped his cracked barrier onto the ground to ready himself for his own attack, but as soon as he did, he noticed another energy blast directly in his face.

"Only an idiot, huh? If I'm an idiot, then what are you." Bliss said as the energy blast hit him directly in the face causing him to fall to the ground. Then before the boy could get up, another 6 energy blasts were floating in the air hovering above him.

"No way!" Mia said, jumping out of her seat. "She has complete control."

It was one thing to control the direction of your energy blasts but to also allow them to stop and move about, was another. And she was doing that with 6 independent energy blasts.

"Why didn't she just go up against one of the upper-class students," Mia asked.

"That's the only problem with her." Betty said, "She's too cautious, she never takes risks and always thinks before she acts. It's a good quality to have in a mage, but there will be times when you have no choice. The hesitation and her cautious nature could be the death of her."

"Winner Bliss," Roy announced. There was no need for the fight to continue on until one of them got knocked out. It was clear that Bliss was allowing the student to go free without too many injuries.

Once the two students returned to their seats, they were treated for any injuries via a white mage and then the next contestants were announced.

This time it was a student from the middle class.

The judges had swapped as well. Instead of Roy, it was the tower master who wore green and was by Blakes side named Dez.

The middle-class students had no choice when choosing to go up against someone, they had to pick one of the upper-class students.

"Your opponent has been chosen," Dez said, then from the upper-class area, Blake stood up.

"I guess now we'll get to see what his new power is? Max said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 321 - Blakes new power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Blake slowly walked over to the field, the chatter started amongst the crowd. By now, everyone knew that Blake had lost his lightning powers. But not many knew about him being Dez latest disciple but seeing them two walk together confirmed some of the student's suspicions.

"Hey, it can't be a coincidence that when Dez is a judge Blake gets chosen, can it?" Max said.

"To be honest, even after Blake lost his lightning powers, the amount of magic he controls is still abnormal compared to others," Kaito replied. "Even without any elemental abilities, he can still break through and beat everyone here."

As Kaito said those words, Max turned his head and looked at Ray.

"Well, I don't think everyone." Max said giggling to himself.

The match had started, the middle-class student was eager to prove himself. To be honest, he felt like he didn't stand a chance against the number one student Blake, but if he showed everything he had before he would lose, there might be a chance for him to still be promoted into the upper class.

The man then brought out two small staffs and started to twirl them around. Two fairly large tornadoes began to appear from the ends of the sticks.

"Wind magic, huh, well this is my stage," Blake said.

As the two tornadoes came towards him, the beast crystal tied around his neck started to shine brightly, and his eyes started to shine a bright green colour.

From both of Blake's hands, two green circles appeared in a liquid type form. It started to drip on the floor, and the droplets started to create steam and small holes on the field.

The tornado strikes continued to go forward but were blocked by the green circles. As the two types of magic touched, a hissing sound could be heard. The tornadoes continued forward into the green circles until they had vanished entirely, as if they were eaten by the green magic.

"Does anyone know Dez'z magic ability?" Norah asked.

"It's poison," Bliss replied.

The wind user had used up a lot of energy in his wind attack and needed some time before he could attack again, but the same couldn't be said for Blake. He contained an enormous amount of mana and charged forward. Then when he was close enough, he swiped his hand, and from his fingertips, a line of green liquid was released with it.

The wind user didn't have time to react; all he could do was lift up his two sticks to protecting him, but they were useless. The poison also acted like some type of acid burning right through his metal sticks and eventually burning his hands.

"This fight has ended!" Betty shouted. "Dez get rid of the poison at once."

As soon as the poison had reached the student's skin, his whole body froze, and he collapsed onto the ground.?A few seconds later, and he started shaking. Dez immediately came over and rushed by his side, placing his hand on the student's chest.

He focused his mind, and when he lifted his hand, a green liquid was seen coming out from the body and formed a small ball just above.

"I have removed the poison, but a white mage will need to heal his injuries." Dez said, "I'm sorry I did not react fast enough."

"it's fine the student shall live, but don't make the same mistake twice; otherwise you will no longer be allowed to act as a judge."

After that, there were many who were too frightened of Blakes power. Although someone having a thunder element in their magic was extremely rare, his current poison powers seemed more dangerous than his lightning powers.

"How is he able to control a second element so well, though?" Norah asked.

"Well, the poison element is unique. There's not many who can bare through the pain or gather the materials necessary. To be able to use Poison magic, your body needs to be able to withstand it." Bliss explained. "The stronger poison used, the more it will affect your body. The process is a grim one, the user must eat several different types of poison each day and bare the pain and side effects. Every time they must gather and find a stronger poison. This was only possible for Blake because Dez took him under his wing. Most likely, Dez already has a room full of the deadliest poisons and the antidotes to go with it in case anything seriously goes wrong. But even so, for Blake to get this strong with the ability in such a short amount of time, he must have had a strong will."

"Well that doesn't make me like him anymore than I did before," Max said.

A few more matches continued with some lower-class students fighting and some middle-class students fighting.

Ray even got to see some members of the red-haired troupe perform. They were all similar to Springett where they would use magic inside of their weapons to fight. Instead of them casting spells like the usual mages which Ray found interesting.

But as he waited and waited finally, it was his turn to enter the arena.

His white uniform lit up, and Ray made his way to the stage. As he did, the students started to gossip.

"Hey wasn't he the guy that beat up all those middle-class students?

"Yeah and he was the one who got a perfect score on the exam, he must be really strong, I can't wait to see this."

"I will take this one," Mia said as she volunteered.

The tower masters had no problem with someone volunteering themselves. After all, they felt like it was more work in the first place.

"Please state which class you would like to fight."

Ray then looked at the upper-class student's area before turning to look at Betty.

"Is it okay if I make a special request?" Ray asked. "I would like to fight an upper-class student but not just any upper-class student, I want him," Ray said as he pointed at Blake who was sitting calmly in his chair.

****

Special thanks to Nwabuisi_Ifeoma, Alejandro_Martinez_4037, Daoistnlqgsa, Daoist513202, Brian_b, Fenrir2040, scrimpymouse666, ShiroDN, RubyRose99, Joshmyguy and RedStorm99. If I missed you out I am very sorry but still thankful. They really help support me in trying to go full time into writing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 322 - A Distraction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing Ray's intention, the student's mouths were left wide open. Perhaps they would have understood more if he thought Blake had lost his powers like before. But everyone had just witnessed only a few matches ago, how Blake had beaten his opponent with ease and almost killed him.

'What are you doing?' Mia thought.

The plan was to cause a big distraction not to have everyone's attention focused on him like this. She also didn't understand why was there the need to pick Blake. Mia didn't know how powerful this Nes person was from the Redwings. But she found it hard to believe he would be able to defeat the number one student in school, especially under the guidance of a tower master.

Once again, Mia tried to communicate with Ray telling him to stop, but this time when Ray received the message from the system, he blocked it.

'How, how is he able to stop my communication form going through to him.'

Out from his seat, Dez had stood up a little offended.

"Don't you think you're being too c.o.c.ky boy?" Dez said, "Not only are you part of the lower class and selected an upper-class student but the strongest one in this whole school."

Although it may have seemed strange for a tower master to call his own student the strongest, it just made everyone else in the stand realise how confident Dez must have been in teaching him.

Ray smiled at Dez. "Was I talking to you, if you don't have anything useful to say, then shut your mouth."

"Ho, ho!" Roy shouted, "I kind of like this kid."

A large vein could be seen sprouting on top of Dez's head. If no one was around, he would have secretly poisoned the student by now. Used something that was untraceable.

"Fine, if you wish to be humiliated then go ahead, Blake, take him out," Dez shouted up at the stands.

Blake did as asked and walked down to the centre of the field. To be honest, even Blake didn't like Nes's c.o.c.ky attitude. He remembered when the two had first met, and he had protected Van. And for some reason, he reminded him of someone else.

"Hey, do you really think Nes is going to be okay?" Norah asked.

"I'm not sure, he's the only one out of the lower class to challenge an upper-class student," Bliss said. "If it was one of the others I might have said yes, but I'm afraid Blake is just too powerful."

"Ha, Ha," Just then a laugh could be heard coming from one of their group members. As they turned to look at who it was, they could see it was Max covering his mouth.

Of course, Max was the only one who knew who Nes really was. "Guys relax, I think we're in for a good show."

The others looking at Max thought he was crazy. They just couldn't understand where all his confidence was coming from.

Back on the field, the two students were now stood opposite each other. Mia was on the ground as the judge and couldn't stop looking at Ray.

'Just what are you thinking, do you have a personal grudge or something, if so your mission should take priority. I guess this is what happens when they put a kid on an important mission.'

Ray really did have a grudge against Blake, and it wasn't just for all the stuff he had done to Dan. Ray was holding back every time he saw Blake. He was most likely the whole reason why the Redwings were going through everything.

In fact, he was sure of it, the timing was just too perfect with everything happening.

"Alright, may the match begin!" Mia shouted.

Max knew Ray had to be cautious, he didn't have any of his beast gear and equipment on, and right now, he could only use his fire abilities. He also had to be sure to not reveal too much of his fighting skills and try to win just with magic.

"Who do you think will win?" Betty asked.

"My student, of course," Dez replied.

"Although I would like the gutsy boy the win, I think Dez is correct. He's only in the lower class, and he doesn't have any magical equipment. Even Blake is using that necklace of his with the beast core."

Once again, Blake's necklace around his neck started to glow, and the poison started to drip from his fingertips onto the ground.

"Poison huh, it's so nice of you to give me another attribute I don't have yet," Ray said.

"Show me what you got, you lower-class sc.u.m!" Blake shouted.

"A distraction, huh, well this should be enough."

Putting both of his hands together, Ray started to gather all his fire attribute; first, a small fireball started to form, and soon it grew in size and grew larger. It wasn't the same size as the one he made when fighting the shadow guard, as he had his fire energy skill active back then, but it was still relatively large.

"Oh, this kid, he's a fire mage!" Roy said excitedly. "What power!"

The audience looking at the fireball was stunned, they had never seen one so big before. However, everyone who was in Del's class was just reminded of the powerful Redwing member from back then.

Blake stood there, still. There wasn't enough poison in his whole body to block something of that size. Ray then jumped up high into the air holding the giant fireball above. It was so large it cast a shadow over half of the field.

"This should be a big enough distraction." He said as he threw it down right where Blake was standing.

"Quick, Roy make sure none of the flames hurt the students!" Betty commanded.

Roy stood up from his seat and went closer to the field waiting for the fireball to hit the ground, while Dez went over to his student side and created a wall of green poison to block the attack.

As the ball hit the ground, Flames started going off everywhere on a rampage. They spewed up, blocking the view of the students and the other tower masters. Roy was in full concentration mode as he did his best to make sure the flames didn't hurt the students.

Then when Ray landed back on the ground, he cast his fire attribute and ice attribute creating a mist in the centre.

While Mia was in the centre of the mist, Nes came out towards her.

"You crazy boy." She said, smiling.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 323 - Not the Real Ray
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While everyone was distracted by either avoiding the flames or dealing with the fire. Mia and Ray took this chance to disappear from the crowd. Nes was by her side, and she activated a spell concealing the two in a type of shadow. But to the outside, they seemed invisible.

It reminded Ray of the black sash shadow skill they had learnt only it seemed to work a little better considering they were in broad daylight.

"Have you sorted out your decoy?" Mia asked.

Ray nodded in response.

Alright, now it's time to get your friend.

"Van, this is Mia, the tower master." Suddenly, Van could hear a voice in his head.

"This whole thing was a plan set up by your mother, the queen has asked for your presence, escape from the crowd and meet us just behind the first-year building."

Mia felt bad about telling a lie, but it was the only way they could get Van to move without telling him all the details of the plan. Even if they did let Van in on the idea, there was always the chance he would say no. If a student was spotted trying to see the divine being, they could be expelled.

Van immediately got up from his seat. Bliss who was sat just in front of him could see Van looked visibly worried and the next second he had stormed off.

'Somethings wrong' Bliss thought. The look on his face said there was danger and by now she knew what Van was like. If something was wrong, he wouldn't tell the others and try to deal with it himself. However, Bliss was equally the same.

"Hey, where you going?" Norah asked.

"I'm sorry it's my time of the month. I really need to go!" She shouted as she went off to follow Van.

Waiting around the back of the school was Mia and Ray. In front of her were two human-sized wooden dolls. She touched the first doll, and it started to stand up on its own. After pulling a strand of her hair and placing it on the doll, a spell was cast, and slowly the image of the doll started to warp and change.

And finally, it looked like an exact replica of herself. "Impressive right, it can't fight or anything but anything the doll can see, I can see and hear as well. It's a bit complicated to control the doll and my own body at the same time, but I got used to it over the years."

Just then, Van came running out from around the corner and saw Nes and Mia.

"My mother, is she okay!" Van asked in a panicked voice.

Mia walked over to Van and looked him in the eye.

"I'm sorry." She said as she plucked a piece of hair from the top of his head.

"What was that for?" Van asked, rubbing his head. But suddenly, a speck of purple dust started to enter through his nostrils. As it did, he could feel his eyelids getting heavy and his mind getting hazy. Then his legs finally gave in, and he fell onto the floor.

"Whoops I didn't expect it to work that fast," Mia said as she looked at Van whose face was now planted into the grass, on the floor.

"Do you mind?" Mia said.

Without saying a word, Ray walked over to where Van was and lifted him onto his shoulder, it seemed like Van was as light as a feather.

"Wow, your pretty strong aren't you?"

Ray nodded back as a response.

"I guess not the talkative type."

The hair was then placed on the second doll, and now it had also taken the shape of Van.

"It's going to be hard controlling two at once, but I should be able to deal with it."

The two dolls then ran off back to the direction of where the fight was taking place.

While the two continued to journey their way to one of the Towers. What they didn't realise was that Bliss had seen the whole thing.

"What are they doing with Van?" She thought. "No It can't be, is the tower master and Nes actually working for the Shadow."

She seemed to have remembered that the old man Wiz had said multiple times that he was after Van and yet, here she was seeing him being taken away again.

Although she couldn't be a hundred percent sure and didn't want to alarm anyone, so she decided to secretly follow the two from a safe distance behind.

"You know we're being followed by your friend, right?" Mia said.

Ray nodded once again.

"Do you want me to do something, get rid of her?"

Ray shook his head this time, indicating he did not.

"I guess it's your call."

Back on the open field, Roy had only just gotten the flames to settle, but in the centre of the field, where Ray and Blake were fighting, it was nearly impossible to see anything.

Just as the fireball had hit the ground, Ray had landed as well. To make it harder for the others to see, he activated his ice attribute while using his fire in his other hand to create thick mist over the centre.

Then finally, when the mist started to settle down, they began to see two figures. The first thing the students saw was the tower master Dez knelt down on one knee as if he had been severely injured.

??Was the fire from Nes too strong for him!" The students thought.

But the next thing was even bigger news for them. All of the mist had now disappeared and holding on to Blake in the air with a single hand, was Ray.

While most of the students had never seen Blake look so weak before, the students of Del's class had seen this exact seen somewhere else before. In the shadow continent, the Redwing member known as Ray had done this exact thing.

"You know, you just had to do it, didn't you?" Ray asked.

"Do what?" Blake cried as he struggled, kicking his legs into the air.

[Skill activated Dragons truth]

"Did you have anything to do with the empire starting a war with the group known as the Redwings?"

In a monotone voice as if Blake was under a spell he replied.

"I sent a letter to my father, who is head of the magic division in the empire. I told them everything that the Red-headed man said that day about not being afraid of the empire. My father sent me a message back, saying they will be dealt with."

The colour returned to Blake's eyes.

"Let go of me, if you don't, do you know what will happen?"

[Mana steal activated]

[Mana drain activated]

"I didn't have any poison powers before, so I thank you for giving me two wonderful gifts."

"Nes put the student down right now!" Betty shouted.

As Ray looked around, the three-tower masters had him surrounded.

***

Thank you everyone for the gifts, if I add the names the chapter length will cost more. Thank you all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 324 - Time for me to go
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That's the tower, we need to head right there!" Mia pointed.

In total there were four towers inside of Roland, each placed at a corner of the academy. These were large in size and had several floors leading to the top.

The towers matched the theme of the whole academy. A Grand modern design with shiny white colour to it.

The one that Mia pointed at belonged to Betty. She had always kept a close look at the divine crystal.

There were even rumours that when Betty had discovered the divine crystal, it had given her a task. Asking her to create Roland. A place for all mages over the continent. She did as she was told, but it never spoke to her again after.

But knowing that she played a big role in the fight against the shadow was enough for her.

Ray continued to run with Van over his shoulder while Bliss followed closely behind. Although all the students, professors, and tower masters were out on the field. Guards were still stationed around the place, and they needed to be careful.

This whole time Ray still hadn't said a word to Mia, she thought it was a little strange but thought nothing else of it. But then something came into her vision from one of the dolls. She saw the decoy holding up Blake in the middle of the field and not only that, this one was talking.

"No it couldn't be, are you the decoy?" Mia asked.

The clone simply nodded back, as it was unable to say a word.

"Damn it, what is that guy thinking." However, they were too deep into it now. She didn't know how the real Ray was going to see the divine being, but she would just do as she was asked from Lenny and help him out.

***

Back at the field, Ray was now completely surrounded by all four of the tower masters. Of course, Mia was only a doll. She couldn't do much, but she could still move and pretend she was there.

Ray continued to hold up Blake by the neck as he continuously used his mana drain as well as his mana steal. Before Ray was unable to use mana drain for, he had the maximum amount of mana points 200. But ever since he levelled up, he was able to contain 300 points.

The points he had borrowed from Jack for the fight against Wiz, the shadow guard, he had given back to Jack.

The tower masters were cautious. They were unsure of how Ray would react. After all, they didn't know him that well. They were too afraid if they were to go in now, then perhaps Ray would kill Blake on the spot.

After waiting for a while, Ray finally dropped Blake onto the ground.

"You will never be able to use magic again," Ray said.

[Mana steal + 50]

[Mana pool 250]

[Poison attribute 15]

Blake didn't know why but he felt incredibly weak at this moment. It felt like he had just been fighting non-stop for an hour even though he had done nothing. But as he was on the floor, he could see Ray's ankle.

He grabbed onto his ankle, wrapping his fingers around tightly.

"You're done for!" Blake said, ???You hear me, I don't know what you did, but I don't care if I get in trouble, you're dead."

Just then, Blake tried to muster all the strength he could. He was going to muster the strongest poison he knew of inside his body.

But he felt nothing. There was not even a reaction coming from the beast crystal around his neck.

"No, how is this possible, not again." He cried, suddenly he started to have flashbacks of when he was in the shadow continent. As he looked up as the student named Nes. Images of Ray had appeared.

"It's you, it has to be!"

The tower master had no clue what Blake's ramblings were about, and they could only assume the student had done something.

"The match is over," Betty said. "The student known as Nes is declared the winner."

As she went over, she proceeded cautiously as she went towards the student. When she was close enough. Betty cast a spell forming two Bubbles like items around both Blake and Dez. The two were then lifted into the air by the bubbles and slowly came over back to where the judge's table was.

"Nes, we shall talk with you after the assessment is over," Betty said as she headed back to the judge's table, but one of the tower masters had stayed there on the field.

"You can't be serious, Betty," Roy said. "This student here is amazing, I don't know what happened, but he managed to beat Dez and Blake in a fight. Clearly, he is hiding something. And I'm going to find out."

Just then, Roy's ears started to light up. It was hard to see, but he had two small little beast crystals used as earing in his ears. The power inside him started to grow and from his hands. Two fireballs were cast out.

"This guy again," Ray said.

Ray threw out two fireballs of his own equal in size. As the two collided in the middle, small explosions were made.

"What is happening?" Kaito said, "Has Nes gone mad, he's now fighting against a tower master."

"Come on! I didn't realise tower masters were so weak!" Ray shouted.

That seemed to hit a nerve with Roy. Now flames were covering his entire arm from his shoulder down to his fingertips. Slowly the flames started to leave his hand and formed a flame whip.

"Confidence is a good thing to have, but sometimes you need to know when your outmatched," Roy said as he charged forward.

"Roy stop it now!" Betty shouted, but it was too late.

Roy had swung out his flame whip and with his other hand, fired out another fireball.

"I guess it's my time to leave this academy."

[Skill Swap activated]

Just then before the whip and fireball had hit him, he had traded places with his clone. The whip then wrapped around the clone and at the same time, the fireball had engulfed it in flames never to be seen again.

"What have I done?" Roy said as he fell to his knees, thinking he had killed a student.

****

Special thanks to everyone who is supporting the story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 325 - Nes no more
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There had been many surprises in today's event, but the one that just happened no one could suspect.

Falling to his knees in the ground was Roy. Whenever he saw a powerful person, he couldn't help himself but try to face them.

When watching the student known as Nes fight, Roy managed to gauge the strength of his fire abilities. Although what Roy was doing looked reckless, he actually was very careful to just use the right amount of power. He was sure the student would have been able to deflect his attack.

Yet none of that could excuse him now, for he had done what a teacher or any member of the academy should have ever done, he had killed a student.

"The assessment has been called off for today, all students are to return to there classrooms with the professors," Betty commanded.

"Wait!" Said Mia's doll.

While the whole thing was happening, Mia had been watching it through the eyes of her doll. She still didn't know quite what was happening, but there was still a Ray next to her. Which could only suggest that the decoy really was in the arena.

But this was bad. If they were to cancel the assessment early then, that also means that the tower masters would be asked to return to their tower.

"I know what just happened is tragic, but the student had attacked a tower master and nearly killed another student," Mia explained. "And when Roy came out, he could have easily chosen not to attack, but it seemed like the student Nes chose to fight on his own accord. Roy will be punished for his actions, but for now, we should continue the test for the remaining students."

Betty looked at Roy who knelt down on the ground, then turned towards Dez who was currently being healed by a white mage but seemed like he would soon be back into action.

"The test shall continue onward, but Roy will no longer be a judge in the upcoming matches. An official announcement will be made later today."

In the history of Roland, something like this had never happened. There were times when a student would badly get hurt and maybe lost a few limbs, but they had a way of fixing those problems. But once a student was dead, a student was dead.

Norah and Kaito were heartbroken at what they had seen. Although they didn't talk to Nes much, they still considered him a dear friend. Max, on the other hand, felt like something was up. He knew the real strength of Ray after seeing him face off against the shadow guard.

There was no way he would die this easy. Was this Ray's way of saying goodbye by to everyone? This way, there would no longer be any record of the student known as Nes.

****

Mia and Ray had just entered the first floor of the tower. There were two guards stationed outside, but once Mia gave them a task, they quickly left, and Ray was able to sneak in with Van on his back.

Bliss who had been following them between houses and staying a safe distance behind, now had to make a choice. If she was to go into the tower, it was clear she would be spotted.

An internal debate within herself started. To report them to one of the others, but this was a tower master she was talking about. The only people that had the authority to do anything over her were other tower masters.

Just before Ray entered the building, he stopped outside and said. "Are you coming or not?"

Judging by Ray's words he had known Bliss was following the whole time yet chose not to say anything and continued to head to their destination. Then when she looked where the two were, she realised that they were in front of Betty's tower.

'Are they here to see the Divine being?'

It was the only thing they could think of. The question now was if they were here to destroy it or not. But thinking back at how Nes had protected them against the shadow and all the nice things he had done for Van, she couldn't believe he was a bad person.

She came out from her hiding spot and ran towards the tower.

When she entered, she could see that Mia was giving a strange look to Nes.

When Mia looked over her shoulder, she could see a little smirk on Ray's face.

"What did you do? you know Roy could lose his position as tower master for this?"

For the first time, the Ray by her side had spoken to her.

"He was too rash. First, he attacked one of the Redwing members who was only trying to protect me, then he tried attacking me himself."

Ray was still upset at the fact that Roy had hurt Jack the first time they had met, and he still hadn't apologized for attacking him. If Jack or himself were any more worn out, he could have killed them. This was Ray's way of not only leaving the academy but also punishing Roy.

"Since when did Roy start attacking you?" She said with a confused look on her face.

There was no longer any need for Ray to hide his appearance. Now that the others thought he was dead, if someone were to spot him looking like Nes now, it would also blow his cover.

Slowly his appearance started to change. His hair colour went from black to red, while his facial features and body were slightly altered. His old human form had returned but still with his dragon features hidden. Ray still wasn't prepared to show anyone that.

Mia stepped back a bit later seeing the transformation, and so did Bliss, but finally for both of them, everything was starting to make sense. The reason Bliss hadn't seen Nes when they went to the Shadow continent was because he was with them the whole time. The familiar feeling she felt.

And Mia, she finally understood they never sent a child to do the Redwings bidding. The leader himself was involved.

"Come on, let's go!" Ray said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 326 - Top of the tower
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After changing his form and reviling himself to the others, it seemed like Van was starting to wake up and it was at the perfect time. Ray placed him on the floor and allowed him to slowly open his eyes.

"What happened?" He said as he felt a banging pain in his head. Although the spell wasn't damaging, it was still unnatural to make someone fall asleep on the spot. There would be slight side effects to the whole thing.

But when Van's eyes finally opened the first person, he set his eyes upon, were Ray. "Am I dreaming." He thought.

Lately, Van started to think about the Redwings leaders' action more and more. It seemed like not only was the leader brave but the whole group. For years all the other kingdoms had fallen victim to the bullying of the empire, but the redwings seemed like they weren't having any of it.

And their actions revolved around one person. "I want to be like you," Van said in a soft-spoken voice, but then the sound of laughter was heard coming from the two women in the room.

When he turned to take a look, he noticed that Mia and Bliss where there. "Van I didn't know you swung that way," Bliss said laughing.

Quickly, Van's face started to go bright red. He began to touch his whole body all over, realising that this wasn't a dream.

"You, what are you doing here in Roland, and with them. What is going on?" Van said in a panic.

The only way to ascend the tower was by climbing the long ascending spiral staircase, which would lead to each floor. The divine being was located at the very top. While the group ascended the long staircase, Ray started to explain his story.

He went back to the very beginning about how the Divine being that was discovered at Avrion. How he had been given a task to locate all three pieces of the divine being and Roland was the final piece of the puzzle for him.

The Redwings weren't on a quest to defeat the shadow like everyone thought, but they were just on an errand run for the divine being. But while this was happening, the shadow would constantly get in their way.

But not even the Redwings knew the true goal of the Redwings, for all Ray was trying to do was get his body back and get answers about what had happened to him.

"Then why bring me?" Van said.

"I don't know why but the Devine being said If we were to vanquish the shadow, I would need your help and that is why I have brought you with me here today," Ray replied.

"Do you think it has something to do with the Shadow being after Van?" Bliss asked.

"I can only suspect I know just as much as you do, but the Divine being chooses to answer me in riddles or fragments. Perhaps scared that if I learnt the whole truth, I wouldn't do her bidding."

"Why would she think that?" said Bliss. "Of course, if it can get rid of the shadow, you would do anything to help."

When Bliss said those words, Ray didn't say anything back. It was then that she realised that Ray perhaps wasn't doing all of this out of choice.

"Why did you let me follow you?" She asked.

The vision had not only shown Van. But also shown a dark-haired female who wielded a magic staff. At the time, the vision was quite blurry, but now he was sure of it. Bliss was the other person in the vision, it also couldn't be a coincidence she resembled the Divine being so much.

"Just a hunch that you may be able to help," Ray answered.

Right now as they travelled up the stairs, Van had a serious look on his face.

"Ray, I guess I should call you now? This is it, isn't it?" Van said. "You're planning to leave after seeing the divine being. You have no more reason to stay, and you're clearly more powerful than anyone of us here. You have nothing to learn from the academy. I guess what I'm getting at is, I want you to take me with you. Please, allow me to join the Redwings."

Ray looked at Van and was surprised to see how much he had changed. When he first met him, he was a shy and timid boy, and he still was. He didn't speak much but right now when he had requested to join the Redwings. The sound of his voice wasn't shaky, and he didn't hesitate.

"Van you have changed, it would be a pleasure to have you join the Redwings, but I do not wish to make another enemy so soon. You should first speak to your mother before leaving. As you know, we are at war with the empire, and if the prince of another kingdom was to join, I'm afraid it would cause a misunderstanding."

"Prince!!!" Bliss shouted. "Van, you're a prince and the prince of Alure kingdom. Why didn't you say anything? Nobody would have even touched you in the academy."

"Would that have changed anything?" Van replied. "if others were to know how I am and treated me differently than who am I really speaking to. Shouldn't you treat people the same way regardless of who they are? My whole life has been sugar-coated, but when I was younger, the guards would always say things behind my back. Because of my abilities, many people had died when I was a child. They still hadn't figured out what was happening but could only assume I was cursed. However, when Amy came, that all started to change."

When Ray heard that name, a pain in his chest was felt. He too knew what Van was going through because it was the same for him. In the village, everyone had outcasted him on the spot because of his hair colour, but Amy was the first to see past that.

The second person was her Brother Gary. He was the only person who had seen the strange scales and other things on his arm. Yet he didn't treat him any differently, and he also didn't tell anyone about it.

'I promise Gary, I will get you back from the clutches of the shadow' he thought.

Finally, they had arrived at the top floor of the tower. Before they could enter, there was a large steel door blocking their entrance and a circular lock at the front.

"I'm afraid this is as far as I can take you," Mia said. "I do not know the code to this door, and only Mia does. It's why the security inside the tower isn't so high. Because without knowing the combination, there is no chance of getting through this door."

"So the whole trip was a waste then!" Bliss shouted.

"I did as I was asked by Lenny. To take you to the place where the Divine being was located. There is nothing else I can do." Mia snapped back.

"Don't worry, I can get us inside." Ray then placed his hand on the door, and the system message appeared.

[Would you like to unlock the door?]

[Yes]

****

Notice, I'm sorry for no upload in the past few days. I have moved to a new apartment, and there is no cell service or Wifi. Hopefully, this gets sorted out soon so I can upload more regularly same as before.

Thank you for all the support and gifts they really help me in soon becoming a full time author.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 327 - The Last piece
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Ray accepted the system message, as usual, like all the doors before it. The circular lock started turning and churning away until eventually a clicking sound was heard. Then the two metal doors began to pull apart, and the room was reviled.

"You are just full of surprises," said Mia. "And I have a feeling that we only know a little part of it, if Betty was here, she would be asking you all sorts of questions."

The others were unsure about what Ray exactly had done, which was so impressive. They had never seen a door like this one before. But every time Ray had gone to see the divine being, a door like this was blocking their path. The door was almost unbreakable, even for Ray.

The only known way to open the door was by inputting the code that the creators had set when it was being made.

The room would have been dark inside if it weren't for a single light source in the centre. It was round in shape and on the sides were several desks with books and magical tools laid out. There were even some beast crystals that looked quite expensive out on the table.

But what everyone's eyes were attracted to one thing, it was the big glowing crystal in the centre of the room which lit up the whole place.

"Careful," Mia said as she saw Ray take a step forward. "Betty might have set up alarms in case anyone came through the door."

With Ray's dragon eyes skill, he could see if there were any residue of magic left over. Now he had gone past the steel door his Dragon eyes skill was working back to normal again inside the room.

"Don't worry, it's safe." Ray walked over with Mia and the other two following closely behind.

"I'm here now, what do you want!" Ray said bluntly.

The others couldn't believe it, right now they were really setting their eyes on a god, but Ray talked to it as if this was a tiresome task.

"I see you have brought some guests with you this time." The Divine being replied. "And it looks like you did not do the task that I asked for."

"I still don't trust you 100 percent. I'm here now, and you said you would tell me everything you know."

"Very well." The Divine being replied. "Place your hand on top of the crystal, this way, I shall see what has happened since the last time we have met."

Ray didn't like following the Divine being's orders, but it was clear that it wasn't trying to kill him. The crystal was a powerful thing. Even though it was separated into three different pieces, Ray could see it contained more power than him.

Yet not once did it try to harm him.

As he placed his hand on the crystal, a part of him felt like it was leaving his body. It pulled and pulled but unlike the last times where Ray would resist, this time he didn't. A part of him floated out of his body and was taken into the crystal.

The last few times when this had happened, images of a future were shown to him, but there were none this time. Instead, images of his last 18 year as a human were all relayed to the divine being until finally everything stopped and it was black once again.

The piece of Ray returned to himself, and he opened his eyes once again.

"Did you see everything you wanted to see?" Ray asked.

"Yes, and it seems you had caused more trouble for yourself than realised." It replied. "I suppose you have many questions, tell me where you wish to start?"

Right now, the voice of the crystal was being projected, and the others could hear. For now, Ray would only ask about the others and would ask the essential questions in private.

"Why are the Shadow after Van?" Ray asked, "Is it something to do with his magic, or something else?"

"First, if you had done as I asked and handed Van the piece of the Divine crystal to him, you would have avoided all of this trouble. The crystal was meant to cover his abilities. The Shadow would have never been able to find him, and he would have been able to use his abilities freely."

Ray then opened up his endless void and pulled out the blue, glowing crystal. The piece of the Divine being that he was meant to give to Van when he first met him. He then chucked it over to Van, and in a panic, Van had just managed to catch the thing.

"Fine, it's done now, but that doesn't explain why?"

"I was getting to that part. As you know, there are many powerful beings in this world, such as myself and others. Some call us gods, and some call us demons. But what sets us apart from humans is when we die, we never completely die, unlike the human soul. A part of us is reborn inside either an object or even a human. Right now, what resides inside of Van is the power of another god. The Shadow's aim is to use this power for themselves. I don't know how they will use it, but they definitely will."

The power of gods would suggest there was more than one, and perhaps this shadow being is a god himself. If it was also able to possess items, then that would explain what was in the Dragon hammer at that time, that now possessed Gary. But if the Shadow were planning to take it from Van, then that meant there must have been a way to also take it out form Gary.

"If I hold this crystal, will I be able to use my powers freely!?" Van asked.

"Yes, and not only that, that crystal is a special storing crystal. It will help you channel your power and do great things. Van, you play just as big a part in this fight against the Shadow as Ray does here."

Van looked down at the crystal held in his hands, and he could feel it slightly pulsing like a heartbeat. It felt as if the thing was alive. For the longest time, he felt useless, but now he was finally able to do something.

"Fine let's move onto the next matter," Ray said as he pointed at Bliss. "Her, why does she look so much like the divine being."

As Ray said these words, even Bliss herself didn't have a clue just what was going on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 328 - A new body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone in the room was equally as shocked as Bliss was, but at the same time, they hadn't seen what Ray had seen. If anyone had seen the statues, either underneath Avrion or even the statue that was covering the entrance in Kelberg. They both looked like an older version of Bliss.

"Ray, what are you saying, I'm just a student at Roland. Even I don't know what the divine being looks like?" Bliss cried out.

"The vision you showed me before." Ray said, "She was in it, along with Van."

The crystal was silent for a while before speaking, which was a first. It was strange for them to see an apparent all knowing god suddenly stop to think. Perhaps it was more human than the others thought.

"When you see visions that is one of the options of your future. However, I cannot see what you see. In a way, I can see the lines connecting everything into several different paths. There is a particular red line that I'm trying to avoid at all costs. I truly don't know if what I'm doing will bring us closer or away from that red line. But when I met you, Ray, everything that has happened so far has seemed to be bringing this world away from the red line."

"What does this have to do with her?" Ray said.

"Hey, I have a name you know?" Bliss said.

"Remember, when I stated when gods die, they are reincarnated into something else. Well, my death was an odd one. I was split into two parts. My body was reborn while most of my own power was stored inside a giant crystal. It was the price I had to pay for casting a large spell. The person over there, although she may not realise it, is also a part of me."

Bliss started to back away as she heard the Divine being's words. "No, no, that can't be, I'm my own person. I have my own memories, my own family." As she said those words, Bliss started to look at the steal door she wanted to do anything she could to escape.

But when she moved forward, the steel door, immediately shut behind her.

"I'm sorry young one, this may seem cruel, but it is your fate." The crystal said.

Before the overs could even react, something seemed to come over Bliss. Just like with Ray, a part of her had been dragged out of her body. Bliss tried to fight back, but it was useless. She didn't have the same will as Ray did.

Ray went to grab onto Bliss as he looked at the part of her that went into the crystal, but it was useless. His hands simply went through the transparent like figure, and then it was gone inside the crystal.

The crystal started to shine brighter than it ever did before and at the same time. The two other crystals located in the alure kingdom started to do the same. The light was so bright that the others were blinded for a second.

And then, everything was over. The crystal no longer shined its once blue colour. The room was now pitch black causing Mia to cast a small spell to light up the area. Now standing in front of the crystal, was Bliss.

"Bills are you okay?" Van asked.

Bliss then twisted her neck a few times and started to move her arms and legs slowly. "Our minds have now become one. Ray, I thank you for this. This was actually the next task I was planning to give to you. As a reward for bringing my body back to me, I shall answer any question you have."

"But before that." Bliss then took out her staff and waved it. Immediately two magic circles had appeared underneath Mia and Van's feet. "You two need to go back to the arena, they are waiting for you."

The magic circles lit up, and the two of them were teleported out of the area at once. There was no need to draw a magic circle like others, it was all done by a simple wave of her staff.

"Now it's our turn to go somewhere more private." She waved her staff once more, but this time nothing had appeared, and instead, she staggered to the floor on one knee.

"It seems I don't even have a fraction of my magical powers anymore." She said as she looked at Ray standing above her.

"You need to talk now." Ray said, "And give me one reason why I shouldn't finish you here right now. It's clear as day that you were the one who put me into this human form. The spell you were talking about earlier that caused you to go into these crystals. It was the spell you cast on me, wasn't it?"

The look in Ray's eyes was vicious. Bliss felt like perhaps she had been too naive. She had thought that Ray might have changed by now, but he still bore an incredible grudge against her.

"Wait, if you kill me now, then the spell will never be undone. You will never be able to return to your form." Bliss said.

[Dragons truth]

"Is what you just said, just the truth?" Ray asked.

But as he asked the question, what would usually follow never did happen.

"Of course, that won't work on me, I created the system. I designed it, so whatever skill you think you have in your bank is not going to work. So will you finally listen to me? As I said, I will tell you everything I know as soon as we get out of here."

Ray didn't seem to have a choice. Although he could use his brute strength to deal with her right here and now. If he wanted to know what was happening to his body, then he needed her alive. Also, he had some other question about the Shadow he wanted to know.

****

Special thank to all my readers who have been patient with me and showering me with gifts. We are coming to the end of another arc. And I can't wait for the next one.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 329 - Reincarnated into a human
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The assessment was still going on in the outside on the field. Which meant that nearly all the classes at Roland were empty. Most of the guards were also either stationed at the towers or were where the students were.

Due to the trouble they had only around a month back, the academy was extra protective over its students. To make them feel more save, they allowed more guards to surround the area. But this just meant it was easier for Bliss and Ray to go around the academy.

They entered into the lower class building, and eventually went inside Del's class. Where not a single person was inside.

"I guess this is as good a place as any?" Ray said. "Going back to where it began."

"Did you enjoy your time here?" Bliss asked as she sat down in one of the seats.

Ray had to think about it for a while. Initially, when he first turned into a human, he hated the idea. Not only were they the ones that made his race extinct, but one of them had even turned him into one. But the more he got to know them.

The more people he wanted to protect. Just like Avrion he had made a group of friends who he didn't want to see hurt, the same could be said at Roland.

"Judging by your silence, I would say you don't want to admit it," Bliss said. "You know I have her memories as well. I remember there were times when you were smiling and how you protected everyone in the shadow continent. You didn't have to do that, you could have just saved Van. When you sent Van away with your wolf, you could have just as easily gone back with him to the city. Yet you chose to stay."

"Just be quiet," Ray said as he brought over a chair to her desk and sat opposite her. "I know what you're trying to do, you want to get into my head and save all the humans from the shadow. Thinking that perhaps I have changed. But let me tell you something. For every good human out there, there are bad ones as well. This place, no, this world still needs to be changed."

"And you know what Sen, I couldn't agree more." Said Bliss. "Do you know what future I saw before I met you? When the shadow came to attack the humans were still too busy fighting each other. Rather then band and work together they had decided to take advantage and try to conquer one another. And the one power that could have saved them, they got rid off and chased away."

As Bliss said those final words, she was pointing towards Ray.

"Explain what happened, and I mean from the beginning."

Bliss let out a massive breath before she began to speak.

"Okay, I guess I should begin with who I am first," Bliss said. "I am what humans were once referred to as a god. In the past, I would guide the humans on the right path with my visions. But then another group of humans had appeared. They started to wish death upon me, calling my visions a lie and saying I was cheating the public. In the end, the fighting got too much, and I decided to disappear. Lost without a cause and not knowing my reason for being here, I decided to seclude myself, but once In a while, people would come looking for the so-called witch.

I don't know when or how I got this name, but they would come asking for me to use my powers to help them fend off creatures. As I did this, I enjoyed my time helping out the public once again. But then a horrible vision had hit me. One of a world were a new force known as the shadow would come and attack. As I said to you before, I knew of the future, but I did not know how to prevent it. I tried multiple things, I formed a group known as the dragon knights, I asked Betty to create Roland, but still, none of this stopped the future that I had seen.

Then the humans had asked me to complete a new task saying there was a single dragon who was rampaging around the land. It was a task I wasn't sure I could achieve. For it was a beast that had equal power to myself."

"I know the rest of the story from here." Ray interrupted. "but why me and how do I get my body back?"

"You really don't have patience, do you," Bliss replied. "When I received the request from the humans, I noticed something strange. I looked into the human's background and started to follow them. It turns out that they worked for the shadow. At this point and time, the shadow hadn't made themselves public, but due to my visions, I knew they were coming. Now let me ask you this, why would the shadow set me the task of getting rid of the Red dragon known as Sen?"

As soon as Bliss had said those words, a thought had come shooting to his mind. The shadow was scared of him. It had to be, his destructive powers as a dragon were far too great. Not only that, but there was a time when he was transferred into Gary's mind, he had seen the shadow take shape, and it was that of a dragon. Could the whole thing be caused by another dragon?

But it couldn't be, Ray was sure that he was the last dragon alive. At least on the Bronzeland continent anyway.

"It seems like you have figured some of it out," Bliss said. "I believe the shadow was afraid of you, but I knew you would never agree to help the humans out. Not with what they had done over the years. So I came up with a plan, it was a risky one, but it was something I needed to do. I reincarnated you into a human."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 330 - 120 Years ago
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Around 120 years ago.

Somewhere on the snowy mountain top, laid a fortress. It was built into the side of the mountain and had long since been abandoned. It was said to have been habited by a civilization that no longer existed in the Bornzeland continent.

It was all made of Glatherien, one of the hardest materials ever to be forged. Created by the Dwarfs who once lived in peace with the humans. But now not a single one remained on BronzeLand. However, the Giant castle looking fortress had remained untouched, undamaged and unclaimed by the Ten kingdoms or Empire. For they all respected the witch that had lived there for some time now.

But today, stood on top of the castle, at the highest point with her staff held in her hand, nervous about what was to come, was Bliss. She had spent hours of hours of preparation for what was next, but no matter what she still felt nervous.

"ROARRRRRR!" A large roar echoed through the mountain tops.

"It's coming."

Of in the distance, behind one of the mountains, an object could be seen flying through the air. It quickly grew larger and was coming closer at amazing speed. Then she could finally see the giant red scales and the wingspan that seemed to cover the length of entire villages.

"The red dragon Sen!" Bliss called out. "I have been waiting for you!"

A loud, deep booming voice could suddenly be heard inside her head.

"You were the one who is said to have represented the human race. Then you shall pay for all the crimes you have committed against my kind. I am only returning the favour to what you had once done to me!" Sen cried.

The dragon was coming at great speed, and she needed to do anything to slow down his advance. She couldn't fight him in the sky where it was his territory, she wanted him on top of the fortress wall.

As she waved her staff into the sky, magic circles started to appear. A few seconds later and large meteors seemed to be falling from the sky. Burning with a large fire, they continued to drop.

"These little rocks can't stop me."

Gathering power into his mouth, he started to prepare himself. Sen was building up to something, and then as he opened up his mouth, a wave of white aura appeared out with it. A shock wave was sent out through the mountains, and as it hit the mentors, it managed to smash them, crumbling into smaller pieces.

The smaller pieces continued to land in the snow melting and destroying the land below, however as these pieces hit Sen, it merely bounced off his hard scaley skin.

"He might be more powerful then I thought."

She waved her staff once again, and this time several magic circles had appeared randomly around the dragon's path. It followed him as he moved closer towards the fortress.

"Fall!" She shouted.

At that moment, beams of energy left the circles and started to fire straight paths of white light. Sen twirled and fired his own attacks blocking them but eventually, the attacks where too much and one of them had managed to hit his right-wing. It wasn't enough to penetrate through his skin, but Sen could feel the pain and power.

Then Sen noticed that the attacks were only coming from the magic circles. Although they were moving along with him, the magic circles never moved and up or down. They stayed in place, continuing to fire in a straight direction.

As long as he was next to the person using this magic, then there would be a chance they would be hit in the crossfire as well.

Sen then came swooping downward like a torpedo descending on top of the fortress wall. As he landed, his massive weight seemed to shake the building. However, no cracks were made in the buildings walls, and the foundation held strong. The dwarfs had indeed created a masterpiece.

"I have played with you long enough," Sen said as he looked down at the female.

Energy from around him started to gather. The beast in the nearby areas began to flee as they could feel something pulling them towards a certain area.

As Bliss used mana in her eyes, she started to see the flow of energy from all over start to enter inside the dragon's body. Even her own power was trying to leave hers and enter his.

"How is this possible. Is his vessel not already full. Just how can he continue to absorb mana from the area around him?"

But she had no time to think about that. Right now while Sen thought her attacks were too weak to do any real harm and while he was charging up his energy, this was the time.

A large magic circle appeared from just behind her, and slowly a large crystal started to appear. It looked like a beast core but one that could only have come from another legendary tier beast such as a dragon.

Its size was that of a small house. However, this crystal was dull in colour empty as if it had long been void of magic.

"Everything I have done, it was prepared for this day." Bliss slammed her spear into the ground, and immediately it smashed. She then fell to her knees as blood started to pour out from her ears, nose and eyes.

A magic circle appeared on both the crystal and another large one by Sen. Suddenly, chains started to appear from them and connected onto the crystal, it pulled and pulled but what was surprising, was it wasn't pulling Sen himself towards the crystal, but it was his spirit.

A transparent like version of Sen was being pulled from his body by the long thick black chains. It carried on pulling Sen towards the crystal.

"You, what are you doing!" Sen cried. "You damn witch. I will never forgive you. Any of you humans until I have completed my revenge, mark my words."

But Sen had struggled for long enough, and he could no longer resist. Eventually, his spirit was pulled into the large crystal. Now the crystal behind Bliss shined a bright, intense blue colour, and the power of Sen had been trapped.

However, the body of the dragon remained there still, lying on the fortress walls.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 331 - The Shadow Appeared
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few months had passed since the battle with the legendary Red dragon Sen and only now had the divine being made a small recovery. It had nearly taken all of her power to cast that soul trapping spell.

She didn't even have the energy to move Sen's large body nor the crystal, so the two stayed on top of the fortress walls for the whole time. Usually, when a beast was to die, they would be quickly eaten by others, but the same could not be said for the dragon.

It had remained untouched, and its powerful magic seemed to linger on its body scaring everything away. This was good for the divine being for the creatures that would typically annoy her in this area seemed to stay away.

After making a recovery, the large crystal was placed in the altar room, and now all she needed to do was deal with the dragon's body. It was dangerous to leave it outside. Powerful magic still harboured in its body, and if someone was to get a hold of it, there was no telling what monstrosities they could create.

From its skin and bones alone, it had more power than most beast crystal out there in the world.

Now not under any sort of time frame, Bliss was able to now move the dragon. There was no need to cast instant teleportation, so she had time to draw out a sizeable magic circle under the body.

The truth was, even if she tried to cast such a spell, her body was far too weak. To be able to gather the strength she once had, it would take another 100 years or so.

She decided that the safest place would be the very same fortress the two of them fought.

It was almost impenetrable and had a large dungeon underneath.

The red dragon was no longer seen, and rumours had spread of its defeat. It seemed like the witch had done her task, yet there were no signs of her either. The public had made the prediction that the two of them must have killed each other in battle.

Around the same time, the news had spread that the red dragon had been defeated and the first signs of the Shadow started to appear.

Originally Bonzeland contained ten kingdoms and the empire. During this time, the empire had conquered two more kingdoms and now captured one-third of the continent.

Then creatures started to appear. Beasts that looked slightly different and were more powerful than before. Before they knew it, one of the largest kingdoms north of the continent had been taken over. The world had learned about the deadly Shadow.

Still though, many chose to not believe it, and they continued to fight against each other.

Bliss seeing this knew she needed to do something urgently. Right now, she was too weak, but even with her strength, she was not enough to face against the Shadow. She looked at the crystal.

"If only there was some way to make you fight on our side." But she knew that was near impossible. Sen had anger for the humans, even if she was to bring him back into a form of a human, it was unlikely he would fight for humanity sake.

During her time as an adventurer, she had discovered five brave men. None of them knew of her true identity and only thought of her as a strong adventurer. She had brought the men to the crystal claiming that it was a type of god.

Projecting voices into their heads, she made it seem as the crystal was speaking to them. She showed them visions of the future of what the world would look like if the Shadow was to get their way.

In the end, she allowed each one of them to touch the crystal, and a part of Sen's power was transferred into them. This was her answer. If she couldn't get Sen to fight for them. Then she would use his power and put it into humans who she could trust.

Her plan seemed to be working as the red string of fate slightly started to move away from the deadly future, but still, it was not enough. The dragon knights built up an academy and recruited students training them to fight against the Shadow.

At this point and time, the Shadow had already conquered the second biggest kingdom and now covered one-third of the land.

A treaty was signed between the empire and other kingdoms to get rid of the Shadow before doing anything else.

But still, it didn't seem to do the trick. Day by day, the Shadow was growing stronger. Bliss continued to travel around Alure kingdom, spreading the word about the divine being and the crystal. She set a task for people after people hoping she could change something.

But now time was running out. The Dragon Knights were growing old, and Bliss had nearly recovered all her strength. She thought perhaps with the army she had built up she could deal with the Shadow. However, there was no such luck.

"It looks like the only thing we can do is really on you Sen."

Instead of using her powers to fight against a hopeless war with the Shadow, instead, she used it to cast a new spell. She had poured years of research into this just in case it never worked out, and finally, she had come up with a solution.

If she was to reincarnate Sen, then she needed to find a way for him to be on their side. Her solution was a system. Not just any system, at first she knew Sen would be obsessed with getting his powers and abilities back.

And she would give it to him but at a price. The price of saving those very humans he hated. With each life, he saved, another skill would be unlocked.

She poured all her magic into one last spell with all the details of the system in place, and all she could do was hope that Sen would one day change and fight on humanities side.

The crystal started to glow, and the soul was released into the outside world.

"Find a good home." She said.

But then chains once again grew from the crystal and this time started to pull her inside of it. "I guess I need to still keep my side of the contract."

With that, she as now trapped inside of the crystal in place of Sen.

****

Special thanks to everyone who continuing to support this story and hoped you liked the little back story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 332 - The system belongs to
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bliss had gone through everything, but instead of explaining everything, she asked if the two could hold hands. At first, Ray was reluctant, but right now, he felt powerful. He could tell that although Bliss had a load of magical energy surrounding her, it was distorted.

Out of control, it was rampaging and couldn't be controlled. All the power from the other crystals that Ray had felt were now around her, but it seemed like for whatever reason wasn't able to enter her body.

As the two touched hands, Bliss had shown Ray all the events leading up to this day, including their grand battle they had but it was only shown in fragments and Bliss purposely left out some crucial parts.

"My body is still somewhere on this land!" Ray said once he opened his eyes.

Although Bliss had shown him the part where she had put Ray's body underground, she had not shown him, it was at the very fortress where the two of them fought.

"Even if I were to tell you, it is impossible to get in. The door sealing it is made of Glathrium. "

Ray then started to laugh.

"Oh, like all those locks before, I shall just open it like usual."

That's when Bliss started to laugh back at Ray even louder than him.

"Did you not listen to me when I said I was the one who created the system. I have been helping you, guiding you and allowed you to open those doors.

"Enough of your games you witch!" Ray shouted as he stood up from his seat. "If I wanted to, I could kill you right now."

"Then go ahead, do you even know what would happen if you were to kill me?" Bliss said, now standing up Infront of Ray putting her face Infront of his. "First of all, if I die, I will only be reborn once again, only properly this time and not in a crystal. Sure, it would take me years before I was an a.d.u.l.t and got my power back but for how long I've lived, those years would fly by."

Bliss was even older than she could remember. It was to the point where she couldn't even remember when she first existed. It seemed like she had always been there along with the other gods and powerful beings but eventually, they all parted away and took their own paths.

"Now let me get onto my second point," Bliss said. "And this is an important one. As the creator of your system, what happens to me greatly effects your body. Sure what I said before is true. As long as you complete all 1000 tasks, your abilities will return. But right now, while the contract is still up, I am the holder and it's being held together with my magic."

"What do you mean?" Ray asked.

"If I was to die, or disappear,?then the system would be gone with it. Although you could still increase your powers by eating those beast cores of yours, there is no way to get your skills back. I'm sure you have noticed that there are times where certain skills just didn't work? Whenever that occurred, it was when I felt like my life as a crystal was in danger. I had to draw my power away from you to protect myself."

This was bad news for Ray. What Bliss was saying, was that she was his weakness. If someone chose to go after her or attack her, then that would mean he would lose some of his abilities, and if she would die, his powers would be gone entirely.

The most annoying thing about it all, was there was no way for Ray to confirm if she was telling the truth or not. He could kill her, but if what she was saying was true, he would have ruined his chances.

"Let's make a deal, Ray, I should call you now? You get rid of the shadow, and regardless if you have completed your task of saving a 1000 lives or not and I will tell you were your old body is."

This deal wasn't too bad for Ray in the first place. From his visions and everything before it, he was interested in the shadow himself and wanted to get rid of it. But he now also had an idea who the shadow really was.

"I will accept but on one condition?"

"Which is?"

"You are to travel with me, stay by my side, if your death means losing my powers then I can't have you out there on your own," Ray said.

"Then I have a request of my own," Bliss replied. "You must do everything in your power to get Van over to our side. He has already shown interest, but I'm afraid the queen will not accept. He is needed in the fight against the shadow Ray. This is something that you can't do on your own."

With a deal put in place, the two of them agreed to accept. Once two great enemies were now working together to defeat a common foe. But Ray still had other ideas of what to do to Bliss once he had regained his powers back.

Before leaving the academy, Ray had entered his room while Bliss went back to join the others. She couldn't just disappear like Ray did, otherwise, others would worry. The room was the one that he had been sharing with Van this whole time.

He had handwritten out a letter and had asked Slyvia for what to put in it. It detailed everything the Redwings were going to do to get rid of the shadow and how they needed Van more than ever. Slyvia made sure Ray stressed the point that Van was needed.

Form Ray's description, she felt like she knew the right words to say to bring him over. With the letter left and a meeting point said and done with. It was finally nearly time for Ray to leave Roland academy once and for all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 333 - Strange Group
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before Ray could leave Roland once and for all, he needed to wait for two things.

The first was for Bliss to officially declare that she would no longer be in Roland and the second for Van to do the same. That's why currently Ray was in another meeting with the Queen while Lenny, Martha and Jack were by her side.

"So, you want my son to join a group called the Redwings," Liz said.

"Correction." Lenny interrupted. "I believe we said that your son is the one who would like to join the Redwings, we're just here to ask for your permission, of course."

Liz had a look of hatred on her face. She always knew that Lenny would bring trouble, he always did when the two were younger, and now he expects her to leave her precious son with a bunch of strangers?

"I know you are worried about him." Ray said, "But I assure you the safest place for him will be at Avrion. While spending my time at the academy, I realised that there are not many people you can trust. They still have not located the teacher known as Del and who knows who else played a hand in helping them. All the other cities aren't nearly as well fortified as the Redwings base."

"And what about the empire?" Liz replied. "If they come here, then how will you deal with it?"

"You have seen how we have dealt with it so far, and it seems like they have not attacked yet. All I ask is for you to give us more than a year. If the empire attacks us or finds out after, then we will come to your aid."

There was still 6 months before the supposed attack from the shadow guard. All Ray needed to do was to avoid a fight against two enemies at once, as long as the Alure kingdom could delay any type of attack until then, he felt they had a chance.

Before answering, Liz let out a big sigh.

"I'll be honest there is no stopping him anyway. He has always been his own person, if Van wished to go with you, then so be it."

The meeting was a success, and it seemed like they had the queen's permission. Now before the group would head back to Avrion, they just needed to wait until the next day to travel together.

****

Meanwhile, inside Avrion, the assessments had finished the day before and today was meant to be an awards ceremony. The students were meant to be sorted and would find out if they were to be promoted into the class above.

But it had been delayed, and the classes had been cancelled for the day. Altogether, there was no official announcement as to why this was the case. But news had already spread all around the campus of the true reason.

Currently, in the Roland Assemble hall, a trial was taking place. All the teachers were present, and the three Tower masters were sat at the front of the table while a lone seat remained empty. The reason for this, was because the Tower master Roy was on trial, for killing one of the Roland students.

They had been in the room for a total of one hour discussing all the problems they had. It was nearly impossible to keep this a secret due to all the students seeing this at the school. And if Roy didn't receive any punishment, then others wouldn't send their children to the academy any longer.

A decision had been made.

Betty stood up from her seat to read out the verdict.

"Tower master Roy, you are hereby relieved from your position. You will no longer be welcome at Roland academy. However, we will pay you 5 years' worth of salary for the time you have been a tower master here."

Roy wanted to lash out and argue his case. After thinking back at the fight multiple times, he felt like something was wrong. There was no way someone who had that strong of a magical ability could perish easily like that. But he knew once the academy had made up their mind all was said and done.

"Things just haven't seemed to be going my way ever since I met the Redwings" Roy thought.

****

Inside one of the training centres. Bliss and Van had told their friends to gather as they had some urgent news to say to them. Max, Kaito and Norah were stood waiting in the hall until they eventually saw Bliss and Van walking together.

"So, are you going to tell them about you being the divine being?" Van whispered.

"Are you crazy, I'm just going to say some urgent family matters came up."

"Hey guys, how are you doing?" Max said as he waved them other.

"I think its best if we all sat down for this," Van replied.

The group sat down in the stands just off from the training centre, and Bliss and Van had told them how they were leaving the academy once and for all. While Bliss had said she had urgently family matters to take care of Van was more honest then he should have been.

"You're joining the Redwings!" Kaito shouted. "I'm so jealous, ahh if only my parents were not so against the idea." Kaito was gripping his head and ears as he heard the news.

While Max had an idea, something like this was coming.

"To both of you, all I can say is good luck. And who knows I might be seeing the two of you in the future."

Max didn't have much longer at Roland, and soon, he too had already decided that once he left, he would join the redwings with his sister. Plus he also had made a promise to Ray.

****

It was early morning, and the next day had arrived. Ray and the group were patiently waiting outside, and finally, the two of them had arrived.

"So, I guess this is the team then, huh?" Bliss said, looking at everyone. "So, what do we have here, a werewolf, an old mage, a Harpy, and a prince."

The others were shocked by her words, after hearing it out loud they truly were a strange group to be hanging around each other.

"And what about you two?" Lenny asked, looking at Ray and Bliss. "I wouldn't say you two are ordinary, are you?"

Lenny found it strange that this young student was able to tell who everyone was at first glance, and perhaps there was something more to it.

Inside Ray's mind, a voice was suddenly heard.

"If you want to tell them, now's your chance, I think their reaction would not surprise you as much as you think."

Ray paused for a few seconds before giving a reply.

"Not yet, the time isn't right yet. First, we get Gary back and then I will let everyone know who I am."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 334 - Six months
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group of six had started their journey to head back to Avrion, and although they could have ridden on the back of Noir for a quick journey, it would draw too much attention. Perhaps some guilds would have started hunting it.

There was also the fact that the Redwings were now in enemy territory. However, the Queen herself wasn't against the Redwings in any personal way. That didn't mean others felt the same way. It was more likely that they would try to capture the Redwings to get on the Empire's good side regardless if the Queen had given an order or not.

Right now, the six of them were at the back of a carriage. Using the money that Jack and Martha had earnt, they hired a man to take them there. It was a costly ride since Avrion was considered a long way, and there were even fewer people willing to go there now.

At first, nearly every person had refused, but eventually, they had found a man greedy enough to do it for the hefty sum of a gold coin.

"You're getting ripped off, you know?" Bliss said.

"Do we have a choice?" Ray said. "We're lucky someone is even willing to take us there."

The six of them were starting to get to know each other as they shared stories. After all each of them had spent six months inside Roland. Ray stayed at the academy while the other three outside. The biggest shock to all of them had been Van and Bliss's introduction.

The first one was Van, he introduced himself to them as the Prince of the Alure kingdom. The others knew of this detail due to the Queen's request, but were surprised at how Ray had managed to get him to come over to the Redwings.

"I think its best if you no longer introduce yourself like that," Martha said. "I know it's painful to forget and leave your city, thank you for journeying with us."

"Don't worry, I was the one who wanted to join the Redwings. Besides, Ray saved my life more than once, and I'm used to hiding my identity by now, so don't worry."

But what really shocked everyone is when Bliss introduced herself, and even Ray was surprised. She had told everyone she was the Divine being, at first Martha, Jack and even Lenny started to laugh, but when they saw that Ray and Van weren't laughing, their laughter quickly turned into faces of shock.

"You can't be serious?" Martha said. "We saw the Divine being it was nothing but a crystal."

"You can confirm it yourself when we get back to Avrion. Those crystals are no longer active as she has returned to her human form." When Ray was explaining everything, he was speaking in a tone that seemed like he was annoyed by the whole thing.

The others couldn't quite understand why that was.

"It would be easier if I showed you all." Bliss then waved her wand, and at the same time, each person had an image appear in their head. It was segments of Bliss's past, and even times when she was a crystal. She even managed to show them memories that only they would have seen related to the Divine being.

After seeing these images, the group was more reassured that she was telling the truth. "I thought something was up," Lenny said. "I wondered how you could tell what everyone was at first glance."

"Well, I was at the field when the Shadow Guard attacked, so I got to witness all three of your skills on first hand. Not so much Wolf boy but he just smells different to the rest of you." Bliss replied.

"Smell different?" Jack said as he started to sniff his arm. Jack thought he had a keen nose yet he couldn't tell he smelt different from the others. Unless they were talking about the slightly sour smell coming off from his body, but that was just because he regularly worked out in the morning to train himself.

"Well now with the Divine being by our side there is no way we can lose against the shadow, right? I mean, you are a god." Martha said.

"I'm afraid that's not the case," Bliss replied. "There are two reasons for this; my power is not what it once was. It would take another 70 years before I would be back to my regular self, and then there is a second problem. I'm afraid whoever is controlling the shadow might also be a god, or at least one of equivalent power maybe even far greater than mine. I even suspect it could be multiple gods."

Hearing those words come out of the Divine being's mouth did not strike confident in the group's heart.

"Will you all relax?" Ray sighed, "The plan hasn't changed. There are still six months until the fight with the shadow. Right now, the most important thing is to increase our power."

Just as Ray had finished his sentence, the carriage suddenly came to a halt.

"AHHHH!" The man screamed from outside.

"What is it?" Van said as he stood up.

Ray activated his dragon eyes skill and could see they had been surrounded by what looked like hornet type beasts.

"There are some intermediate class beasts, Jack, do you want to take care of this one?" Ray asked.

"Please let me," Martha said volunteering.

As Martha left the carriage to deal with the group of beasts on their path, the rest of the group had done the same to take a look. She was far more powerful with her bow shots compared to before. Taking out a beast after beast with arrow after arrow.

"Her strength really has improved this much?" Ray said.

Ray had seen Martha transform on the battlefield but didn't really have time to ask her about it. But now that all his troubles were over at Roland, he could focus on making his allies around him stronger. But just what happened to Martha? Ray thought.

Just then another group of Hornet looking beasts appeared from the forest after Martha had finished dealing with the first lot. She closed her eyes and wings started to appear from her back. She flew close to the hornets, attracting their attention and went round and round up in the air.

As she flew in the air, she shot each one down at a time from the sky. Finally, the beast had been defeated, and she had landed back on the ground.

"Phew," Martha said as she retracted the wings back inside her and started to walk over to the group.

"Martha, just what happened to you to make you so much stronger?" Ray asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 335 - Evolving Humans
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group started to gather the crystals of the beasts that had just been killed. After all, it was a waste to just leave them on the ground for some others to come by and take them. It was their hard work. After finishing the gathering of crystals, they saw the man who was helping the horses ride the carriages was visibly shaking.

Although he wasn't frightened of the beast that had just appeared, he was actually frightened of Martha. She had just turned into a winged creature in front of his very eyes and couldn't understand what was happening.

"Please don't kill me!" The man screamed as Lenny got close.

"Well, what should we do? It looks like he's useless right now." Lenny said.

"I shall deal with this," Bliss said as she walked over and waved her staff over his head. A set of sprinkles appeared just underneath the staff, and then the man suddenly stopped shaking.

"What did you do?" Van asked.

"I just replaced his memory with something else."

"Won't that be damaging?" Lenny asked. "I have dabbled in memory magic, but it seemed to have severe side effects on those it was used against, so even I decided to stop learning it."

"It's okay to be used on a human once in a while, but you are correct. If you alter too many memories, the mind will get confused. It will even find it hard to distinguish what is real and what is not. However, something as small as this is completely fine for someone like him."

Lenny was starting to notice something about the Divine being, and it was similar to how Ray treated people from time to time. It was as if humans were below them, and as long as it wasn't any of the ones they cared about getting hurt; it was okay for them to do what they wished.

After collecting all the crystals and the man's memory altered, the group continued on their journey, and it was time for Martha to answer the question that Ray had asked.

"Actually I wanted to talk to you about this Ray, since I think it has something to do with you."

Suddenly Ray was even more interested.

Martha then explained to Ray what happened. How Lenny was performing an experiment, he had even performed on himself. Only this time, she also added the detail of the system. Each time a crystal was infused into her body, she would get a number of points.

Lenny was the one most amazed by this, and couldn't understand just what magic was being used to allow this. It also confirmed a lot of theories he had about the beast crystals.

'That's just like me' Ray thought, at that moment he turned his head and looked at Bliss.

"It was never meant to be used this way." She said. "Did you get a failure message in the middle of it?"

Martha was stunned by what she heard.

"Actually yes, but how did you know?"

"Humans, they were never meant to be able to absorb beast crystals. There are some rare cases where the body can handle or even go into so much detail to suppress the pain as Lenny did. I'm surprised at how far the magic the humans used have come. Perhaps one day it might even rival my own. But I'm telling you this now; do not try this on everyone, you were lucky to have the wolf boy by your side supplementing you with more energy. If it wasn't for him, you would have died that day. But I must also congratulate you, for you must have had an incredibly strong mind to be able to go through such a thing."

"Is it possible for her to evolve again?" Ray asked. "If she was to use intermediate crystals."

Bliss paused for a moment there before answering.

"It's not impossible, but I'm sure that you are aware of this fact, Ray. The more you evolve, the more pain you will experience. A normal human doesn't have the will to go through something like that and would kill themselves before even finishing the transformation. If you thought the Basic tier transformation was bad, then you have no idea how the ones up the ladder would feel."

"I think if there are people still willing to do the process, we should let them try," Martha said. "As long as tell them the risks, then we can let them decide."

Ray thought about it for a while. Bliss hadn't put a success chance on it, which meant it most likely the results would vary from person to person. The stronger they were actually suggested they had more Ki. This would also mean their body would more likely be able to handle a transformation.

"We will bring this up with Slyvia once we arrive," said Ray.

The group continued to travel for a couple of days. They encountered more beasts on the way, but this time there were no fancy transformations. The group didn't want Bliss to use her magic on the poor man again for fear he might have gone crazy.

They took their turns in getting rid of the beast, and after a few days, they nearly arrived at their destination. But just before entering the land from which Avrion started on, they could see what appeared to be a checkpoint on the path ahead.

There was a queue of merchants lined up on the pathway and even just some wanting to enter.

The group got off the carriage and started to ask the people in front,?what was going on.

"Me and my friends were wishing to get into the new kingdom of Redwings, is there a problem up ahead?" Lenny asked.

The man in front quickly placed his finger in front of his mouth, indicating for Lenny to lower his voice. "Quite down, haven't you heard. Apparently, many want to go to the Kingdom of the Redwings. Especially since they helped out all the surrounding towns and cities like ours. But the people up ahead are in strict control. There are even more checks at the borderline. If anyone expresses the intent of heading to the Redwings' kingdom, then they are taken away.

Right now, they weren't quite at the border, and there were still a few more towns to go before they reached the land that had been claimed by the Redwings. But it was amazing to think that they had already decided to be so strict.

"Did the Alure kingdom make this order?" Van asked.

"No, that's the sad part about this whole thing. It's been controlled by a guild that are far stronger than the Alure guards placed out here. It seems like there's nothing they can do, and there are even rumours that they been hired by the Empire."

As Ray looked up ahead, he could see the flags of the Guild waving in the wind.

"I guess we can make one stop off before heading back to Avrion," Ray said.

****

Thank you for all the support during these irregular uploads. Just trying to get into a routine.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 336 - Taken away
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One by one, the carriages and people in front would be moved up as the checks were done by the guild members. Somewhere allowed to pass through while others were denied to go past. However, what they did manage to witness was one of them being taken away by a guild member.

"You can't do this!" The man shouted. "I have my rights, I'm free to go to whatever kingdom I wish. I rightfully paid for my taxes."

A lot of the people in the queue looked away from the man hoping that they wouldn't be involved n the whole situation.

"See this, this is why we need to leave the kingdom fast. You may think you have your freedom, but truthfully all the kingdoms are controlled by the empire!" Those were the last man's words as he was taken away somewhere deep into the forest to the side.

After seeing the first man in the line to be taken away, it seemed like those who were wishing to go against the guild and fight back, quickly decided against the idea. Some even turned away without even trying to go past the checkpoint.

"Slyvia said at first there were quite a few people willing to move to Avrion," Martha said. "That the Redwings had earned a lot of peoples trust in the surrounding towns. We had done more for them then any of the guards or guilds had done. So when we became independent, they wished to move,

"Now she said they were hardly seeing any people migrating to the city and growth had completely stopped. On top of the trade being bad, the city is really struggling."

Ray thought about Martha's words, he needed the city to prosper to achieve his goals. Without trade, there was no money and without money meant there was no food, and when the people went hungry, they would blame those in charge or go somewhere else.

"How could the empire do this, and the Alure kingdom, are they really not going to fight back," Van said.

"You have to understand your mother's position," Lenny interrupted. "War is not good for any nation. If you think these people are being mistreated now and aren't well off. Then wait until you see a country at war. Nearly all resources are sent to the soldiers, while the people left behind are worked to the bone to support them. Taxes are raised, and even more problems are shifted onto the ones below."

Van went silent after Lenny's lecture. He realised that he was still just a kid and had a lot to learn when it came to running a kingdom. There was always a reason why things were the way they were.

Finally, after waiting in the Que for a while, it was their turn.

"Where are you going to sir?" A guard asked.

Standing at the post, there were a couple of tents pitched up by the side. There was then a man sat down wearing a barre at a desk. In front of him a sheet of paper and a bag which looked like it was filled with coins.

Forming a line on the path where four guards and it looked like even more were stationed along the way going into the forest. Perhaps to stop those who were trying to find another way round.

The guild had to be a fairly large one to be able to have this much manpower to stop people from all area form entering the new Kingdom.

The man on the horse looked nervous. He wasn't expecting anything like this. When Ray and his group had come and asked for a ride, he had asked for such a large sum he never thought they would accept, yet they did.

"Don't worry," Ray said as he got out of the back. "I will deal with this. You can go back home."

"Sir, are you sure?" the rider asked.

"Positive, you have brought us along as far as you can."

Everyone else had now gotten off the carriage and were standing by Ray's side. Just looking at them, it was hard to even tell what they were. Usually, guild members would at least try to match their colours to show where they were from.

The only thing the guards could assume was that they were a bunch of Adventures who had formed a party together.

"So what are we going to do now?" Van whispered to Martha.

"Well knowing Ray as long as I've known him, he's probably going to cause trouble."

Ray stood in front of the guards and said…

"We are planning to go and join the Redwings."

"I hate it when I'm right," Martha said, shaking her head.

After hearing Ray's words, the people who were waiting in the queue behind them took a step back. After seeing what happened to the last person, no one dared to say that.

The man who stood behind the guards stood up from his seat and came over. "Oh really, I'm afraid that no one is allowed to enter the Redwings kingdom today. Oh, and on orders of the empire, we shall be taking every deserter to be punished.

"Take them away!" He shouted.

Just then, the group was getting ready for a fight. Jack was ready to transform, Bliss had pulled out her wand, and Martha readied her bow. While Van and Lenny stood calmly behind the others.

The man started to laugh.

"Haha, do you not know, we are one of the top guilds in all of Alure kingdom. The only ranked A guild that exists in Alure. Did you really think a band of adventures can fight against us?"

But just then Ray raised his hands.

"We shall not fight, please spare our lives." He said in a slight monotone voice.

"Was Ray meant to, sound scared?" Martha said.

But the rest were just equally confused was Ray really deciding to let them capture him without putting up a fight.

The men started to cuff up Ray and the others. They also had taken most of their equipment away, and while this was all happening, they continued to wait for Ray to act, but he never did. In the end, all of them were placed into a large metal cage and were then taken away to an unknown destination.

All of them looked at Ray, sat down in the corner of the cage, but he still hadn't said a word.

"Boss, what are you planning?" Jack asked.

"We need to send a message," Ray said. "If we are going to allow the empire and other kingdoms to bully us, they will carry on doing so. We're going to crush this guild!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 337 - Black Rings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group continued to ride the carriage inside the steel cage, following the pathway ahead of them. It seemed like they were getting closer and closer to the border. Although, all of a sudden, the carriage made a slight turn and started to head into the forest.

The path they were thriving on was quite bumpy, and it seemed that it was only recently that it had been built. Even the trees lining the sides had been chopped and hacked. Finally, the carriage appeared to have reached its destination.

Inside the forest, there was a hut that had been built - it looked like a temporary camp. The area where it was placed seemed to have been propped up against the wall of a hill. Multiple tents were laid out while the guards stood outside. Also, just out front were the two giant flags waving in the air, displaying the guild crest of a bull with a large black ring piercing its nose.

"The Black Rings?" Van said while looking at the Flag.

"It seems like they were;t lying when they said that they were the top guild in Alure kingdom," Lenny said. "It's a shame that they have chosen to side with the empire. It just goes to show how people are easily swayed by money."

"Aren't you being paid to help us as well?" Martha asked.

Lenny started to clear his throat as he hurriedly looked in the other direction. Although Lenny was being paid for his services, as a type of adviser for the Redwings, he had long forgotten about that role. Now, he felt like he was just a part of the redwings as similar to everyone else.

Especially now that he would be staying there for some time.

Most people weren't caught up in the Guilds and the Guild ranks - this was because they had spent most of their time at Avrion. Information other than the ones about the Shadow place didn't come to them that often. Hence, Van was a bit worried while the others were not.

As soon as they entered the camp, Ray began to inspect all the members with his Dragon eyes skill. It was quite a large camp, and there seemed to be at least 200 or more people there. However, out of all of them, there was a single man that stood out.

A man who held a short sword, that seemed to be of high quality, by his side. He might be an individual who was in the advance tier.

"Van, do you know if that man with gelled-back, black hair is the guild leader?" Ray asked

Van squinted and stared at the man that Ray had described. "No, if I'm correct, then that man is the lieutenant, the second-in-charge of the Black rings. In total, the Black Rings have around 500 members or so. It looks like they've sent out half of their men just to guard the border."

To hire this much men, the Empire must have indeed paid them quite the hefty sum. Enough to look the other way, and also to stop the guild form completing its regular quests. Perhaps, the money was stored in this very place.

Martha had said that the city was struggling, so they couldn't do the trade wherein everyone accepted coin at a certain level. A few would have to sneak-in to allure city and buy whatever equipment and necessities they could until things got better.

The carriage continued to move until it eventually stopped, just by the back wall of the hill. Inside the hill, there were several manmade gates with steel bars blockading them, and inhabiting the inside were the civilians.

Not just any civilians, but they were a mix of merchants, children, and even adventures. The group were duly escorted out of their temporary cage and put into the cell with all the others. Meanwhile, Martha made sure to keep an eye on where they were taking all their gear to.

While inside the cave cells, Ray heard a familiar voice from behind. "Wait, I know you!" Aboy said. When ray turned around, he noticed it Tuffy, standing by his side was his sister Candy.

These two had met Ray a long time ago, originally as the adventurer Nes, and later with Jack when they had visited the town.

"What are you doing here? Did they capture you too?" Tuffy asked. But then, Tuffy realised something. He remembered seeing the Emblem on Jack and Gary's body.

"Wait, aren't you guys part of the…" Before he could finish his sentence, Jack rushed to put his hands over the kid's mouth.

At the moment, everyone who was in the cell were shocked by Jack's actions. Not because of what he did to the kid, but because the metal cuffs that were binding all of their hands were lying on the floor.

Martha and the others tried to quieten them down before anything could happen. "Shh, if you want to get out of here, then be quiet."

Once Jack had let go of the boy's mouth, he picked up his cuffs off of the floor and went to the back of the cave to hide them from the eyes of the other guards.

"Do you mind telling me what happened to you two?" Ray asked.

"We were planning to go to the Redwing Kingdom." Candy replied. "After declaring dependence, living near the borderline has been hell. The Black Rings came in and demanded free food and a place to stay while kicking out every other guild. They also wouldn't allow the Redwing knights, that were helping us out before, to enter. In the end, a lot of us got sick of it. We heard that our friend Nes was someone high up in the Redwings Guild."

"We couldn't believe it at first, but remembering how strong he was, it had to be true," Tuffy said excitedly. "We didn't expect him to come and save us. The Kingdom has its own problems, but many of us wanted to leave and join them. Little did we know, the Black Rings weren't allowing anyone to pass anymore. We thought they were just here to stop an invasion."

"Don't worry." Ray said with a smile." You guys have done enough. Of course, the Redwings will take you in."

Ray always had a soft spot for children. Even when he had planned his revenge on the human race, that plan never included the demise of children. He knew they could be easily influenced while young, and now with the slight change in his plan, he cared for them even more so.

Rather than eliminating the human race, he vowed to change them.

"But how!" Tuffy shouted, before realizing that the guards were just outside.

"But how?" He asked again in a lower voice. "You are stuck here just like us, and I'm guessing that they only captured you because of how strong they are."

"We shall wait till nightfall. That's when we will attack."

An old man, who had been listening in to the conversation, walked forward. He was the town's Mayor and well respected by the people. He had been taken in when he started to speak up about the cruel treatment that they have been receiving from the Black Rings.

"We have been paying attention to what you have been saying." The old man said. "Please, we wish to help you. If you plan to attack, we will take up arms as well."

"There is no need old man," Ray replied. "We shall do everything with just us."

The old man looked at the six people standing there. "With just the six of you? But they have over 250 people here!"

"Even if there were a thousand, they would be no match for us."

The man smiled at Ray. He thought he was trying to put confidence in the hearts, not knowing that he truly meant every word that he had said.

The group stayed inside, and once in a while, a group of new people would be brought along, pushed inside the cell in the cages. Now, it seemed like there were at least fifty prisoners inside the cells.

Finally, nightfall had come. Ray couldn't help but look at the Black sword held on the side of the man in the distance. "I must thank you for bringing me a nice gift."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 338 - Black Blood
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nighttime had fallen and as one would expect from a top guild, the security didn't relax one bit. The guards stationed in front of the cells would rotate, and it seemed like the people who were stationed around the border, would do the same.

As they would constantly see people coming in and out from the camp. The only person who never seemed to move was the lieutenant. Although it was obvious which tent the lieutenant stayed in since it was placed in the centre of the camp, and was the biggest out of all the ones there.

"Let's go!" Ray said.

The townspeople stood nearby watching the six just wondering what they were going to do and how they would break out of their cuffs and cells. Jack was quite a muscular tall boy so they thought he had used his brute strength but with the rest, they had a hard time imagining them breaking anything.

On Ray's word, every one of them broke off the metal cuffs at the same time. Some of them using magic, while the others used Ki.

The people looked at them in amazement but still didn't know how six people would be able to do this on their own.

"Err guys." Van said. "I'm still stuck a little." While the others broke off their cuffs easily, Van still was an amateur when it came to magic apart from harnessing the power from within.

"Come here," Lenny said as he cast a spell and caused the cuffs to rust and fall to the ground.

Ray then called over both Martha and Jack, and without saying anything ripped off the sleeves on their clothes, revealing the mark of the Redwings.

The crowd behind them gasped.

"it's them, I've never seen them in person."

"Did they come to save us?"

"But how would they have known we were here."

"They look so young they were probably captured."

The old man was again stepped forward and smiled. "Now I know why you were so confident. You have others coming don't you? An army has been called forward."

The crowd started chatting once more and this time were more uplifted.

"Yes, that would make sense."

"Perhaps the Redwings sent their whole army after hearing of the suffering we heard."

Ray didn't reply back but stepped up to the cell bars, he then bent them open using both hands causing a cracking sound.

The two guards who were stood just outside turned their head at the sound but before they could even do anything Ray had grabbed both of their faces and slammed them into the ground.

"No one else is coming, it's just us," Ray replied.

As everyone went through the bars that Ray had bent forward, Jack was the last one to go through them and he bent them back together. "I think it's better if you guys stay here."

They did as told but still couldn't help but pray that the Black Rings would go easy on them once they had been captured. However, once they knew they were part of the Redwings they couldn't imagine there punishment would be light.

After waiting a few moments, suddenly the sounds of screams could be heard throughout the camp. Explosions were happening left and right. Fire balls through the air. Blood splattered into the knight sky and finally what looked like an angel up above in the moonlight.

"These people are not mere mortals, they must have descended from the gods above!" The old man claimed.

*****

Inside the main tent, Lieutenant Adam was busy counting out the coins that they had earned accepting this job. Not only were they getting paid from the Empire but they had also taken taxes from the multiple towers in the surrounding area. They claimed that this was an order form the Alure kingdom for their protection against the Redwings.

Although this was not true, by the time they had left it would be too late for them to do anything. Slowly behind him was a chest filled with coins.

"I'm rich!" Adam shouted, but then the sound of explosions could be heard outside.

One of the guards rushed in. "Sir, we're under attack. "

"Now of all times!" Adam shouted standing in his seat. "How many of them are there and do we know their aim."

The guard gulped before replying. "Sir you're not going to believe this, but they seem to be from the Redwings, they were the captive form earlier and right now there are only six of them."

Hearing this news, Adam sat back down in the seat. "Only six, and you rushed in to just tell me that. Come back to me once you have captured the fools."

"But sir..." Just then a foot was felt on the guard's back. As he was kicked forward he fell to the floor directly in front of Adam.

The person who walked in was Ray.

"How dare you walk into my office, do you know who we are, we're the Black…" Before Adam could finish his sentence, an ice spear was formed and Ray chucked it directly into his shoulder causing him to scream in pain.

Shortly after the rest followed and had gathered inside the tent.

"We did as you asked Ray." Martha said. "All of the remaining members who were still alive have been but into the cells and have been boarded onto a carriage.

"Where is everyone!" Adam shouted. "Guards come help."

Ray stepped forward and in response, Adam pulled out his sword. Right now Ray had no equipment on as it had all been taken away and was placed just by Adam's side with everything else.

Seeing this Adam pulled out his sword. It was bright silver in colour and on the bottom by the hilt, purple feathers could seen.

It was clear that Adam was the type of person who had obtained his position not through their own power but through scheming and wit.

"Well, well would you look at this," Bliss said looking at the chest full of coins. "It looks like the empire paid you a hefty sum after all."

Just then Martha had also picked up a piece of paper detailing the reports of what the other members had done. "I don't think all of that came from the empire. Look at this!"

At this moment Adam was visibly shaking as he held the sword in his hand. Ray stepped forward and grabbed the sword with his bare hands. Adam tried his best to move it but nothing would happen but then blood started to drip down onto the blade.

"Oh I'm surprised, looks like you really do have a nice sword to be able to injure my skin like this."

However, what the others were seeing didn't go unnoticed and even Adam's eyes were alit with fear as he saw the blood. The colour of the blood wasn't red, but instead, it was black, the same colour of a beast.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 339 - A place called Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside the Black rings temporary base there was no longer any sounds that could be heard. The fighting seemed to have stopped, and there was no noise at all. The group still stuck inside their cells were wondering just what had happened to the six people.

"Do you think they got caught?"

"I don't hear anything, either way, did you hear all those explosions early they were no ordinary people."

"Of course," Candy said. "They are the red wings and there going to save us, I know they are."

Despite saying all of this, the rest of the group of a.d.u.l.ts all believed the group of six were captured by then.

Inside the centre tent, Ray was currently holding the speed with his bare hands. He knew the sword was of high quality when he first saw it, but he didn't think it would be strong enough to put a mark on his skin.

Right now, Ray's body was equal to that of an advanced tier beast. So an intermediate beast weapon would do next to no damage without the extra help of Ki. So the fact that Adams blade was able to cut him meant it was at least of the advanced tear level.

"Black blood, "Adam cried. "you, you're not human! It's a beast!" At that moment, Ray let go of the sword and punched Adams fingers which were robbed around the hilt crushing them.

He screamed in pain and let go of the sword before ray further kicked him again, making him fall to his knees. "You are to send a message to your guild leader. We have captured your men, and they shall not be returned, we sent out a warning anyone who sides with the empire is an enemy of ours."

After taking the chest full of coins and their equipment back the group, he left to head to the cells. The group of people we're freed and amazed when they saw the six come back each one of them basically uninjured.

"But how is this possible." The old man said.

When the people entered the camp they found themselves even more amazed a few had been killed in the fight but lost of the men had been captured and put into the same cages that they were brought here on.

"May I ask what you plan to do with them?" The old man asked Ray.

He had long since figured out that Ray was the leader of the current group judging by how everyone treated and followed him.

"I will be taking them to the Redwing kingdom.?If you wish you are free to travel with us, we could do with a few extra hands." Ray said.

The town mayor didn't have to hesitate, he already knew his answer, after discussing it with the other folk they to had agreed to venture forward with the group. They had experienced first hand the rough treatment of the Black rings while everyone else seemed to stand by and do nothing.

They hadn't even been provided with enough food in the cells for everybody In there. They showed no discrimination between the elderly or female.

With that, the group set off once again. They had taken several carriages from the camp. Ray and the others rode upfront while the rest of the folk road at the back along with the prisoners. The only person that was Left behind was adam, but they made sure he had nothing he could ride and no coins on him.

The only thing he could do to get out of the forest was walk on his own two feet.

"You can't do this to us, you're treating us like prisoners." The men said from inside the cage.

"look at them." Tuffy said." A few moments ago we were the one's stuck behind cages, and now they're the ones screaming injustice."

One of the guild members had heard what Tuffy had said and stared at him.

"You little twerp I'm telling you when our guild leader comes and saves us and get out of here you're the first one I'm going to go for."

On the way to Avrion, the group had encountered a few more members of the Black Rings who had been stationed around the border. However, they were quickly dealt with by Ray and the others before they even had a chance to run away.

Now there was only a short distance away until they arrived home.

But during the journey, the group noticed that Ray was awfully quiet in the back of the carriage and more so than usual. When they first met Ray, he didn't talk much, but now he would at least talk about future plans and events and would often ask if the others were feeling okay.

Still, ever since they left the Black Rings temporary base, Ray hadn't said a word. What they didn't realise was that Ray was thinking the same thing.

'Why haven't any of them asked me about the black blood?' Ray thought, 'I'm sure they saw it too.'

Although the others had seen the black blood none of them cared. They knew Ray was abnormally strong, so something like this was hardly a surprise. Even Martha now when cut, her blood was tainted a little black, and Jack when he was in his werewolf form.

Everyone there respected Ray no matter who or what he was. If Ray didn't want to talk about it or tell them who he was then that was his choice. It wouldn't change who he was or what he had done so far to help them all.

The carriages then came to a sudden halt as they stopped just outside the city walls. Finally, they had arrived back home at Avrion city.

"Well, I never thought I would be coming back here," Lenny said. "Not in a million years."

"Come on!" Jack said as he hit ray on the shoulder. "Let's go home."

"Home?" Ray said. "I guess this really is home."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 340 - Steam Punk City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before arriving at the city, Ray had sent a message to Slyvia and the others ahead of time that, saying that he would be coming back with a few extra guests. So at the gate, there were several knights who had come to greet them all wearing Redwing armour. It was specially coated in a bronze reddish tint, while the crest was displayed proudly on their shields or shoulder.

They were there to take care of not only the Villagers, but also the Black ring members as well.

"That's them!" Candy shouted. "It's really them, they have the gear and everything."

Many of the townsfolk were still sceptical if they were travelling with members of the Redwings or not. There had been news of imposters, and the group they were travelling with didn't look like any of the knights they had heard of before.

But now seeing the Knights at the front gate wearing the armour everyone had become so familiar with, they knew they were in the right place.

As everyone got off the carriage and walked past the guards, the knights saluted to both Jack and Martha.

"We welcome you back Masters." The knights said.

However, what the villagers and even Lenny and the others found strange was the fact that no one seemed to be greeting Ray. This was because not many knew who Ray was. Even when the news was announced that Ray was king, nearly all of the nights couldn't remember what he looked like.

Therefore the knights at Avrion actually believed that the elders had put up a fake name, to distract anyone from finding their real leader Nes.

As they stepped into the city, the people started to look around.

Although the city hadn't been doing any trade, it had only stopped a short while ago. Right now, the city still seemed to be full of life.

The Townsfolk were then taken away by the guards to be washed and treated to a temporary housing place, until they got on their own to feat.

They could still do this for now, but soon they would run out of resources. The group waited until a vary large luxurious carriage appeared it was Red and black in the design and had the symbol of the red wings painted onto the door.

"It's a bit flashy, don't you think," Martha said.

"I like it," Ray replied. "The colour red is nice.

Out from the carriage stepped out Slyvia who was dressed in a long red robe which was now the official Elder clothing.

"I'm sorry for greeting you like this, Ray." She said. "I didn't have time to get changed." Her cheeks were nearly as red as the dress itself.

"Although she said she didn't have time to get dressed, I see her face has a fresh set of makeup on," Bliss said quietly.

Martha gave Bliss a nudge.

"Be quiet, our lady has a thing for Ray, but he seems to be too dense to notice it. Sometimes watching the two of them is torture."

"So someone has taken a liking to him have they?" Bliss said with hundreds of new thoughts running through her head.

The group got onto the carriage and sat down. It was spacey inside and had large, wide-open windows that allowed them to see outside.

That's when the group who had been their before noticed a lot of the city had changed since they had last arrived. Avrion academy was also now designed in a red trim style and now on the flag was the RedWings symbol.

There also seemed to be a lot more machinery around and about in the town. Even the carriage that had arrived looked like it was being powered by motors and such.

This was all because of the work of Randin. During his time here, he had used his knowledge and the vast supply of Beast crystals Avrion was able to supply him to experiment. In the end, he managed to turn the city into something that he would call, a steampunk city.

"This is truly impressive,"?Lenny said. "This city is at least fifty years ahead of everyone else."

"Yes." Bliss added. "It seems not only have they been able to utilize the beast cores using magic circles but combined it with complex machinery."

To the three who hadn't been here before, Slyvia started to give them a little tour. Telling them about all the changes and how the army worked now, but after the positive then came the negative.

"I think it's best if we talk about the rest together at the academy," Slyvia said.

Although the city had changed much, not a lot had changed about the academy itself. It was still filled with new students, and knights were stationed all over the place.

Finally, they had entered the meeting room on the top floor, and the six of them, including as well as Slyvia were the only ones there.

"Where are the others?" Martha asked.

"They are extremely busy at the moment," Slyvia explained. "The black Rings guild that you faced, seem to be not the only Guild that are causing us problems at the moment. They have all three sides surrounded not allowing anyone to enter. Although to be honest at the moment, its kind of a good thing."

"What do you mean?" Ray asked.

"Although we can survive thanks to Randin's technology and the hunting grounds near us, the only thing we are lacking in is food. The man that the Alure Queen sent us helped, but there is not enough land to grow enough crops for everyone. I'm afraid we might only last a month longer on the food supplies we have at the moment."

"I think I might have a solution to your problem," Bliss said.

Sylvia was cautious when she saw this female stand up, for she knew exactly who she was. Ray had told Slyvia everything that had happened and before she used to see this person as her as a god that she served. But right now Slyvia had one thought, she was her Rival.

"If we are able to clear the shadow continent up north, I have a spell that will be able to purify the land. This way, you will not anger any of the other kingdoms, and even the empire will be unaware of what we are doing."

"You can really do that!" Slyvia said, surprised.

So far, not a single person had figured out how to cure the infected land, and if the words were coming out from anyone else's mouth, they would have perhaps thought they were untrue, but this was the divine being.

"If you can really help us, then I will do my best to support you, I will be happy to send over anyone to support you," Slyvia said.

After going through a few more topics as a group, the conversation of making the army stronger had occurred. This was now important not only to fight the shadow in six months but possibly the empire as well.

The discussion of what had happened to Martha with combining a beast with her and what the Divine being had said was explained. They went into detail about the process as well as the risks.

"The question is, who do we know will pass the process or not? And who would even be willing." Martha said.

"Leave this to me," Ray replied. Using his dragon eyes skill, Ray felt like he could select those that were talented and had enough strength to go through the process. "I guess its time I see how our new students are doing."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 341 - New Black Sashes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the meeting had finished, each person went off to do their respective things. Slyvia went to help organise a party for both Lenny and Bliss. Soon they would be venturing into the Shadow continent to test whether or not they could cleanse the land.

Martha had gone to check up on her green sashes, and Jack had gone to see his old friend Harry. This left only Van and Ray on their own.

"Why don't you come with me," Ray said. "Who knows, maybe you can learn a thing or two about using a sword. There might be a time when you won't be able to use your magic."

Ray started to walk around the academy as currently, he was looking at possible candidates that would be able to go through the beast transformation process. Not only did their body need to be strong, but Ray also wanted to test out their skill.

Ray was his usual self as he walked around the city only this time he had his new sword with its purple feathered hilt by his side. 'Why don't I head to the black sash area first." Ray said. "I haven't been there in a while."

While walking to the black sash mansion that was located a little outside the academy, Ray explained how the recruitment process, as well as the sash system, worked. How there was a test, and depending on your results, each person would be put into a different colour.

When they finally arrived, just outside, Kyle was busy training the black sash knights. There were currently around fifteen of them running around outside each with a red tag sticking out of their back. The design made it look like some type of tail.

It looked like each of the students were trying to take the tag while making sure their own weren't taken. While ding so they would use the complex and stealthy footwork.

Kyle was overseeing each of them. Ever since his new role as Master knight and head of the black sashes, he had taken everything a lot more seriously.

"There are a lot more than when we first joined, huh?" Ray said.

"Yeah, I remember when there was only the four of…" But Kyle had stopped midway through his sentence. As he realised, only three people knew of his past.

"Ray!" He said with his eyes wide open. He then went over and gave Ray a big hug, which from the look on his face, seemed quite uncomfortable for him.

"Oh sorry," Kyle said. "I forgot you're not really into things like that. "It's been so long."

Just then, the students had stopped playing the game the tag game. as they noticed their teacher was extremely happy about seeing someone, and it was the first time they had seen Kyle act like this.

"Kyle, who's the unlucky Redhead." A student said.

Kyle immediately turned his head and gave the student a death stare. Avrion tried its best to get rid of the bad connotations associated with the colour red, but it was hard to do. Especially with the first-year students since they had come from different cities and towns.

"I should smack you in the face for what you just said, don't you know who…" As Kyle lifted his hand and the boy flinched, Ray grabbed it just in time.

"Don't worry, he's right, I am quite unlucky," Ray replied. He then whispered into Kyle's ear. "Let's try to keep who I am a secret, can you do that?"

Although Kyle never could keep a secret, he knew when one was important enough to keep.

The student pouted and kicked the ground.

"What's the big deal? I was only messing around."

"Who is he anyway, I thought the way you acted you would have had no friends." A female student said.

Kyle then cleared his throat and put out his chest as he pointed to Ray.

"Actually, this man and I used to both black sashes together, and he was one of the strongest students at the academy," Kyle said.

"Seriously, but I thought you said you were one of the strongest, and then we saw you go ahead and lose that friendly match against teacher Harry." A student said.

"You know how Master Kyle likes to exaggerate." A student whispered. "I actually heard that the number one ranked student at the time was someone named Jack."

Although the students were whispering, they weren't whispering very quietly, and with each word, Kyle was getting angrier and angrier.

"You guy's know I lost that match against Master knight Harry on purpose right? The white knights have this stubborn pride. If I was to beat him, he would have continually asked me for a rematch."

A student, then with short spikey hair walked forward who's name was Flynn. In his hands, he had a total of 7 tags. He was the clear winner of the game they had just played, and even Ray could see from his aura, he was the strongest.

"You said he used to be a black sash knight, right?" Flynn asked. "Well if he really is a black sash knight and was as strong as you say he was, why don't we play a little game?" Flynn held up the tags indicating for Ray to play with them.

"Why would Ray waste his time with you little brats." Kyle said, annoyed, "he doesn't need to prove anything to you."

"Pretty interesting, but what's in it for me?" Ray said.

"What do you mean, you get the Pride of beating all of us, the best group of Black sash knights ever at Avrion."

Kyle started to laugh nervously. "Don't listen to them Ray, they're still young, I just praised them a little, and now their heads are too big for their boots."

Ray then walked up to Flynn and looked him in the eye. The other students stepped back a little scared, but Flynn stayed there still staring him dead on.

"I like your style, although pride is not enough. If I win how about you listen to what I say, you become a personal knight of mine."

"What? Why would I want to become a personal knight of a nobody like you!" Flynn shouted.

Hearing this, Kyle was doing everything he could to hold himself back, grinding his teeth back and forth. But Ray once again held up his hand, stopping him.

"If you win, I will become a personal knight of yours. In fact, I'll even give you an advanced weapon of your own." Ray said, pointing at the one by his hilt.

Just form looking at it Flynn could tell it was high quality. He was so confident he wouldn't lose and was too tempted by Ray's offer.

"Deal!" Flynn shouted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 342 - Getting them Back
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All the students had prepared themselves, placing the red tag just underneath their trousers and had it sticking out from their behind like some type of tail. They then evenly spread out across the field just in front of the mansion.

"Alright everyone, remember the rules!" Kyle shouted. "No physical skills are to be used, no violence against each other. Touching is allowed, such as knocking away but nothing else."

As the students prepared themselves, they all had their eyes set on one person. Ray. He was the new target whereas before they would have gone for Flynn.

Noticing that all eyes were on him, he decided to fake a yawn only enraging them more. "This c.o.c.ky guy, where the hell did he come from?"

"Just you wait," Flynn said. "That advanced weapon is mine."

Kyle blew the whistle which signalled the start of the game, and as Ray had expected, each of them had come towards him. Although only one of them seemed to stay behind to observe, which was Flynn.

"This reminds me of the time when I was in the tournament?" Ray thought. When he fought back then nearly every single person had chosen to target him, although last time it was out of anger and hatred.

The footwork they displayed was impressive, using minimal force against the ground, it caused their footsteps to appear light, and almost no sound was heard. But they hadn't mastered hiding in the shadows.

Ray prepared himself planting his feet and kept an eye on each one of them. Using his dragon eyes, he could tell their flow of energy and where they planned to move next. If they were at the same level as Sir K or Monk, they would have been able to even hide their energy from his dragon eyes.

But they were stills students.

Using this information at the right time. Ray dashed forward avoiding each one of their grabs and at a lightning-fast speed that seemed too fast for the human eye to see. Ray grabbed each one of their tags until he had appeared directly in front of Flynn.

However, Flynn wasn't impressed nor distracted. At that moment he used his black sash footwork he had learnt to get around behind Ray. He went to grab Ray's tag, although he wouldn't have the most tags he could still get some of his pride back.

But Ray wasn't going to let that happen so easily. When Flynn went to grab the tag, he felt his hands completely phase through. "What the…"

The image of Ray was an afterimage, and now while constantly moving in Flynn's blind spot and not making a single creak, he appeared invisible to the eye. For the first time, Flynn felt afraid as he tried his best to look around, but he could see no one.

"Gotcha!" Ray said as he pulled the last tag and lifted it into the air. "I hope you will keep to your side of the bargain."

Flynn was shaking, the others expected him to lash out, or complain that it wasn't fair. How was a student meant to go up against an a.d.u.l.t, But Flynn then knelt down on the floor and started to beg.

"Please, take me in as your student," Flynn said. "I now see that Kyle wasn't lying and you are a true master that even surpasses him. If I wish to grow, I need the guidance of someone like you."

"Hey, watch your tongue," Kyle complained. "I am still here, you know."

"Stand up," Ray said. "If you truly wish to learn from me, then prepare to accept the consequences." Just then, a magical scroll appeared out of thin air. It had been a while, but it was the contract that they had heard about.

Although all knights of the Redwing army were made to sign the contract. Students were not. They were too young, and Avrion was more using them as a method to fund the city itself. However, with Avrion technically at war, many of the students had left the city, and those that left didn't have much of a family, to begin with. Avron had become their home.

While Ray knew he needed someone he could trust, he couldn't risk making his enemy stronger, or someone to betray him after he had lent them all this power.

Seeing the conditions, and seeing the contract, it was something Flynn had only heard about. Only the top members of the Redwings were able to offer one. 'Just who was this man really?' Flynn thought.

If he was a simple old friend of Kyle, it made no sense for him to be able to offer a contract. The only conclusion Flynn could come to was he must have been someone high up in the Redwings that was hardly seen.

Once the contract was signed, the students continued with their training. While Flynn was now tagging along with both Ray and Van to their next destination. Before that, Kyle stopped Ray just before leaving.

"Hey Ray, what's going on, you never offered contracts to the new students before," Kyle asked.

Ray explained the beasting process that was taking place. How they needed strong individuals who would be able to survive the process. In a way, this team would become a special unit for them when fighting against the Shadow.

"I want in," Kyle said. "And before you say it's too dangerous or something like that please understand. Monk and Gary were my friends too, Ray. I miss the old times when it was just us four, and I want to do whatever it takes to get them to come back."

Ray looked at Kyle, he was indeed strong enough to survive the process, but for some reason, Ray didn't even want to consider those close to him for it. He felt like the stronger his friends would get the more they would be targeted, and he didn't want them to burden that pain.

But hear Kyle was aksing him, practically begging him to help out in some way. Perhaps Ray's thoughts of not even asking his friends were selfish.

"Very well, Kyle, I will put you on the list."

"Come on, you two," Ray said. "We have more places to go to."

"Where are we going to next?" Flynn asked.

"Why don't we head to the white sash area next."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 343 - Slaves or Workers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The academy was mainly used to train students and also for the elders and Master knights to hold regular meetings. While the rest of the city was formed of mostly regular knights.

These knights, similar to the students, were also grouped into sash categories depending on their skills. However, the one colour sash that had been removed was the Red sash.

A sash that before showed you didn't specialise in anything. Instead, this was replaced with orange.

The army had grown ever since they started to recruit more guild members plus the additional members from the Underdog guilds.

They also now had an increase of regular citizens from the towns nearby. Those that worked in trade, farm, servants or any other casual type of work not related to the army, were now handed an orange sash.

At the moment, Wilfred along with Sir K where Infront of 200 of the members that came from the Black Ring guild. One of the strongest guilds in the whole of the Alure kingdom. They were surrounded by a group of white sash knights and were out on an open field just outside of the city. Each of them cuffed with their hand's behind their backs.

Wilfred walked forward and used his Ki to project his voice out loud to the group stood in front of him.

"Why did you all chose to join your guild? Or better yet. Why do you follow your leader?"

The group started to chatter amongst themselves. They were wondering what they were even doing here in the first place. When they arrived, they expected to either be turned into slaves or even killed. But right now they were being asked questions by an old man.

"Because our leader is strong!" Someone shouted.

"Yes, he created the strongest guild."

"He provided for us."

Wilfred then held up his hands to silence the others, they continued to chatter, but when the white sash knights drew their swords, they quickly became quiet.

"Those are all valid reasons, but when the guild was nothing, I believe you didn't join because of that. You had a goal. Perhaps to provide for your family. To earn a coin for the knight. And maybe some of you were even noble enough to do it to protect the city. Those who joined later, perhaps sought fame and fortune but at what cost?"

Wilfred then drew his sword and stabbed into the ground, causing a small fissure to form. The ground even slightly rumbled.

"But what excuse did you have to take from those townsfolk. You, at one point, grew up like them. They all are the same as you. What makes their lives any less than yours? Maybe you will say you are free to do what you wish. Perhaps you will say it was an order from above. Anyway, enough of my ramblings, our leader has been kind enough to give you all a second chance."

Suddenly, the ears of the prisoners started to prop up even more.

"The rules are simple, you say you are the best guild in all of Alure, you say you are the strongest. Then prove it to us. You are to battle with either myself or Sir K. If you are to win then, you are free to leave this city. If you are to lose. Then you shall follow our commands and fight for our cause against the shadow. Those who do not wish to even take the challenge will be forced to work the fields."

Most of them were confident in their skills. Before yesterday they would have probably said there weren't many in the whole of the kingdom that could beat them. But yesterday they had come across monsters, people from the Redwings.

"They can't all be that strong though, right?" A member said.

"Yeah, the six we went up against before, they must be like their leaders or something."

But then they remembered the fissure that Wilfred had just caused and even he looked immensely powerful in front of them. So then, the only option they could pick was Sir K, who looked slightly bored standing to the side.

A brave young man yelled out, a Rank C adventurer named Sam. "Please, I would like to try!"

"Oh, our first volunteer." Wilfred then pulled out the sword from the ground and readied himself.

Sam gulped at the sight of Wilfred. "Please, I wish to fight the man by your side."

"Yes, what a smart move." A member said.

"They probably thought we would pick the old man looking at the two, but out of anger, he showed us his real strength."

Pointing at himself Sir K, looked slightly surprised. 'Looks like my plan of looking weak worked. Let's have some fun with these guys shall we.'

As Sir K moved forward, he pulled out his dark purple curved blade and Sam was uncuffed and given a weapon of his choice as well.

The others looked at Sam with hope. He was a hopeful young new member of the guild who hadn't been with them long. But they knew he was skilled. Mainly since he carried the Rank of C. If Sam could win, then perhaps they would all have a chance.

"Are you ready?" Wilfred asked.

"Wait, how do we determine a winner?" Sam said. "I do not wish to harm him."

"Oh, don't worry about that, all you need to do to win is to touch one of us with your blade," Wilfred explained.

"Do these people think we are that weak!" they shouted.

"They must be out of their minds."

The guild members were proud of who they were and the suggestion that they couldn't even touch one of the Redwing members, felt like an insult to them.

But Sam felt differently as he was stood opposite Sir K. The smile going across the man's face gave him chills.

"Begin!" Wilfred shouted.

Sam chose not to rush in but to defend. Hoping to learn his opponent's skill first, but one second, he had blinked and Sir K was nowhere to be seen.

"Smart move, but your opponent is just out of your league." Sir K whispered into his ear.

Before Sam realised it, a blade was already pointed at his neck.

The people watching from the outside had even struggled to see what happened. Only a few saw glimpses but still in their head it didn't make sense.

As they kept on seeing more and more impressive people at the Redwings, they couldn't help but think why they ever agreed to go against them in their first place.

No amount of coin was worth them fighting against these team of monsters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 344 - New White sashes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the meeting had finished, Jack had decided to go over to the white sash knight area to meet his old friend Harry. The white sash knights mainly trained just outside in the training area attached to the academy.

When Jack had finally arrived, he could see all of the students training outside diligently. On each of them around their wrists, they had the watches on indicating their rank. They were currently going through there daily spar where whoever won, would switch places with the other in the ranking system.

A soon as Harry heard giant footsteps clomping up behind him, he thought there could only be one person who was so unsilent when trying to sneak up on people.

He turned around and said. "It's been a while, dear friend."

"Yes, it has," Jack replied as the two of them bumped knuckles.

They both had a lot to catch up on as the last time they had seen each other was just before Jack had set off to journey with Ray and Gary. In that time, Harry had been promoted to master knight as well as head of the white shashes.

Jack also talked about everything that happened on his journey as well. What him and Ray had gone through during this time as well as all the troubles. Jack then explained the beasting process that Martha went through, and Harry was surprised.

"And she's really gotten that much stronger!" Harry said.

"Yes, it's like she's a completely new person, one that can probably now compete against me."

Hearing that Jack now acknowledged Martha as someone worthy, meant she must have had an enormous improvement. Before Jack had never said any great things about her.

"Is it possible for me to go through this process?" Harry asked.

"I thought you would ask that," Jack replied. "It was why I didn't want to really tell you in the first place. In the end, it's your decision but why, why do you need to get stronger Harry?"

Harry thought about the past, how not only his mother but his brother had been killed, and it was all because of the Shadow. He was even forced to kill his own father, who was the main cause of everything.

Yet he still felt empty inside. He knew his father had done so many bad things, sent so many people to their deaths and sometimes even he had played a part without realising it as well.

He needed to make up for it. This was his resolve.

"From the sounds of it, I think whatever my father was involved in, his research, it was most likely something to do with this as well. Maybe they were trying to do the same process but failed. I need to find out the truth, and it's still out there somewhere."

Just then, the kids had finished sparing and directly went to line up in front of Harry. However, this time they couldn't help but stare at the man who was standing by his side. The large man with bulging muscles known as Jack.

Harry looked at the students and then looked at Jack, seeing they were interested in him.

"Alright, guys we have a special extra lesson for all of you today!" Harry said. "This here is the former Rank 1 of Avrion academy."

"What, really, so he was a white knight just like us?"

"Of course, everybody knows the white knights are the most skilled and talented in the academy."

The thirty or so students were proud to see someone so strong and mighty be their former rank 1. They started to look Jack with a sparkle in their eye.

"Can he show us something?"

"Yeah, why doesn't teacher and him spar together to show us how it's done."

"Idiot, the teacher is now a master knight, he's a lot stronger than any of the other knights out there now."

Harry then started to laugh at the comments. "Worry not, for that is today's task, the goal is to try to leave a scratch on Jack's body."

The students looked at Harry with confusion.

"Do you mean with our bare hands?" A student asked.

"No, no" Harry replied. "You may use whatever weapons you wish, for anyone who passes, they will get to lie in and miss the morning session for tomorrow."

With Harry's words, they had forgotten about the unrealistic request, and suddenly they were all pumped up.

They formed a line directly in front of Jack and grabbed their weapons all with a smile on their faces as they imagined sleeping in the next day.

While Jack stood their unsure of what he had been roped into. He didn't even have time to say yes to Harry's request.

"Oh well." Jack sighed.

The first students walked up energetically with a sword in his hand. He then lifted it up and struck as hard as he could swinging for the side.

The students figured that Jack was able to use Ki, but so were they, they found it hard to believe that someone would be strong enough to be able to resist a strike against there bare skin.

But as the sword hit Jack's side, a thud sound was made as if the student had just struck against solid rock.

"Fail! First student."

Suddenly, All the students weren't so smiley anymore.

The test continued with students trying out all sorts of weapons each trying to hit it against Jack's body. Some of those with weaker weapons, managed to even break their blade. In the end, all thirty students had made an attempt, yet not a single one of them had passed.

"Well, looks like all of you are quite a way off from beating the former Rank 1," Harry said.

Just then, Jack had spotted someone in the distance and immediately got onto the floor to bow down. The students found his actions strange, but then, Harry had done the same.

When the students turned around to take a look at who it was walking towards them, all they could see was three people and in the centre a man with red spikey hair.

"Huh, whos that?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 345 - Harry VS Ray
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the red headed man walked over to where the rest of the students were. They couldn't help but try to think where they could have seen him before. After all, if Harry and Jack were showing this man such great respect he had to be of some importance to the Redwing army. But as they looked at Ray closer they could see that he wasn't old nor young. He could only be a few years younger than the others at most.

That's when they noticed the two people following closely behind him. One of the one following him was someone they had never seen before but they recognized Flynn. He was an arrogant student who thought of himself as one of the best. However, what was more annoying for the students more than anything was that Flynn was actually one of the best. The white sash knights were meant to be the most skillful while the black sash knights were a specialist class that focused on assasnation skills.

Still, whenever a ranked battle would happen between all the students there was no one that could come quite close to Flynn's level.

"Get up you two, you don't need to do that while we're in the academy," Ray said. "In fact there is no need for you to do it at all..."

The two got up from the ground and Harry was a bit embrassed he actually thought it was stupid to bow down as well. Although Ray was technically there king it wasn't like Ray was actually royalty. It was only a few years ago that Harry gave Ray a beating on the academy roof. Still, when he saw Jack act he decided to follow along.

When Harry lifted his head and looked at Ray there were two things he noticed. Ray looked more mature than before. His whole facial structure was different and he was even a little taller than himself now. It had only been half a year since he had left the academy and it looked like he had changed so much. But the second thing that Harry noticed was the sword by his side. This was what interested him most.

"I didn't know you took up the sword again?" Harry asked.

Ray looked by his side and pulled out from its sheath.

"Oh this thing, I only got it recently. to be honest it's been a long time since I used the sword perhaps my skills have gotten rusty." It was there and then that Ray used all his strength and speed to swing the sword downward as fast as he could. As he did,a slicing sound was made and it looked like the attack was so fast the air around was distorted. But just before it hit the ground, Ray managed to stop it holding it completely still.

Harry seeing this felt an excitement inside him that started to boil. "Well if you think your skills have gotten rusty, then perhaps the two of us should have a spar." Harry suggested. "Sword only of course, I wouldn't dream of beating you in actual combat."

The students hearing Harry's words were stunned and now even more confused to who this man was. Harry was a master knight of Avrion. One of the highest positions of the red wings. Not only that but the master knights were some of the strongest members as well and Harry especially. All the students knew that if the Master knights were to face each other Harry would come out as the ultimate winner.

That's why when they heard Harry's words coming out of his own mouth, they were unsure if they really heard correctly. Not only was he suggesting Ray was good enough to spar with him but if they were to fight Harry admitted he would lose.

"Why not?" Ray replied "It's been a while."

The two of them now stood out on the field where the students themselves were sparing just moments ago, while everyone else stood at the side as a bystander. Jack seeing the two having a fight, he himself wanted to join in. It was a shame it was a battle of swords though since he had lost his own.

While Van and Flynn stood next to each other Flynn was still struggling to figure out who Ray was. "Hey do you know if this guy can even use a sword? I know he used to be black sash knight and all but usually we use small daggers. Mastering a weapon is no small task and I've seen Harry fight. This isn't something he can win just by relying on his fancy footwork."

As there was no one close to the two of them. Van could only assume Flynn was talking to him. "Honestly I have no idea." Van said. "This is the first time I am finding out that. He used to be a student at this place. When I first met him I thought he was a mage."

Flynn suddenly turned his head and looked at Van.

"A mage!?" He shouted and shook his head. "That's impossible, that footwork he has means he must have dedicated his whole life to learning skills like that, how is this possible?"

It seemed that by following around Ray for the rest of the day they would both come to learn a lot of new things about him.

Each of them drew their weapons. Ray with his new blade he named the purple crow and Harry with his dual blades silver and gold. Named after the color of the weapons.

"Hey are they not even going to use training equipment, what if one of them gets seriously hurt?" A student said.

"Well Harry is a pro, I'm sure he can stop his blade before it even reaches his opponent." Another said.

The battle had begun and Harry was the first to go forward. As he got close to Ray he started to twist his whole body and lunged forward it looked like a tornado was coming at him. Usually Ray would use his dragon eyes skill to predict where the attacks would come from but there were just too many.

However Ray was no ordinary person, and in his hand was no ordinary weapon. At the right time Ray timed a stop and held his hand firmly in place, as soon as Harry's blades touched him the momentum of his attack was completely stopped. To perform something like this one would have to have an enormous amount of strength and the second thing was to have a good weapon.

Harry's strength was strong and the momentum would cause most to break, Ray of course wanted to test his new blade and looked like his weapon was just as good as Harry's.

Now it was Ray's turn to attack, he swung his blade fast and strong and for most people it would be good enough for Ray to deal with them. However Harry was skillful, he was able to block the incoming attacks. Without releasing it he was directing Ray's blade exactly where he wanted him to.

"Do you remember the last time I used this?" Ray asked.

Just then Ray threw a strike from below, Harry saw it just in time and was ready to block but then the blade seemed to phase through, as if it disappeared and reappeared on the other side.

"No way!" Flynn said as he walked forward. "He knows how to perform the phantom strike. I thought only Sir K knew how to do that."

Last time Harry was still able to block the strike but this time Ray's speed was almost twice as fast. It was at the last moment?that Roy stopped the attack just below Harry's chin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 346 - Ghost Town
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The fight between Ray and Harry was finished and at the end of it, there was a clear winner. The white sash students felt a little disappointed seeing their teacher lose. They had thought he was invincible, someone to look up to and a goal to surpass. Yet a random stranger, one they had never heard off nor seen before, had come up and defeated him with ease.

"You are too strong for me now?" Harry said. "Looks like I really do need to go through the beasting process after all."

Ray had heard Harry's words and assumed Jack must have informed him off their plans. He didn't want to force anyone through the beasting process but he was sure that Harry would become a person who would grow immensely if they did.

"You are still more skilful than me with the sword, in the end, I realized that I would lose. I had to rely on my brute strength and the power of the sword to help me win." Ray explained, hoping to cheer Harry up.

"Those are your strengths as well, there are very few with the same strength like yours, and you must have done a lot to obtain a sword as good as that one," Harry replied.

Ray swung his sword again a few times in the air, it was indeed a good sword but it still didn't feel quite right in his hands. Something about the weight, or the shape, it just felt a little off to him. Still, it was one that he would use for now.

"It was pretty easy actually, I obtained this from a coward."

The two of them started to laugh and the students continued to just wonder who Ray was. After looking at all the students there, although they were strong and had a lot of energy, their powers still seemed too young. It would be a risk to take any of the children and expect them to go through the process. He could imagine the pain killing them or the beast power being too much for them.

"Alright you, off to our next destination," Ray said looking at Van and Flynn. "Oh Harry, report back to Sylvia at the end of the day, we will talk about the process together then."

"Where are we off to next sir, the Blue sash knight's area?" Flynn asked in a polite manner. After seeing how strong Ray was and him defeating a master knight, he started to show some respect to Ray.

"No, there is no need. If there was no one from the White sash area I doubt there would be anyone from the blue sash area. Although Dan might be interested but I doubt it. Unlike the others, he has no reason to grow his strength, he wasn't as close to the others. We shall head to the green sash knight area and end our journey there."

It seemed what Kyle had said originally was true Flynn thought. Ray knew nearly all of the master knights, perhaps he really was a student at the academy during the same time as them all. Maybe he left to go on a journey rather than stay with the rest and they respected him as a close friend. This was the only thing Flynn could think of.

While Ray walked off with the other two to the green sash area, Jack had some thinking to do of his own. He still had one of the King class Harpies core and wanted to head to Raiden to check if there was anything he could make out of it. Right now he missed his large weapon more than anything. While thinking about his weapon it started to remind Jack of his hometown, a place called Zrey.

It wasn't a big city like the rest, but it was full of people and he hadn't been back ever since he left the town. It was only at the academy that Jack had discovered he was a werewolf and ever since he wanted to visit his hometown to ask his parents if they knew of such a thing.

The class was dismissed for the day, they seemed to be too excited over what had just happened. If Harry tried teaching anything else they weren't going to listen to him anyway. As he walked over he noticed Jack was deep in thought, something he didn't do much.

"What's seems, to be getting you down big guy?" Harry asked.

"I was just thinking about home," Jack replied. "I haven't been there in a while."

"Ah right, you're from that town called Zrey right?"

"I'm surprised you would remember something so small."

"That's because I found it strange that's all," Harry said. "After seeing how strong you were I thought you must be some kind of mutant, and this was before I knew you were actually one. I thought maybe you were some super soldier or something, or you had a good set of genes. I wanted to see if your town raised any other good fighters. But every time I looked on a map to try to find it I couldn't see Zrey anywhere."

Jack started to laugh.

"You're making this sound like some type of ghost story, I know it exists, I came from there."

"I know, I just found it strange, I mean, the Alure kingdom have to doc.u.ment every city, town and village for tax reasons right, so then why wouldn't they put It on the map?"

Jack had never bothered to look at these things, he had never even looked at a map before because the only thing he cared about was fighting and getting stronger. But now that Harry had mentioned it, he started to think back. Whenever people would ask him where he was from Jack would always reply with Zrey and their reply would be that they hadn't heard of it and asked where it was.

Jack could only assume because it was a town not everyone had heard of it. Still, not a single person to this day said they knew about it. This would make sense if it was washed down village but Jack remembered it being quite a wealthy town.

There seemed to only be one person who knew more than Jack about his werewolf abilities and that was Lenny, he was also a very knowledgeable man and thought maybe he would know a thing or two.

"Maybe I should go pay a visit."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 347 - Twin Dragon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The green sash training area wasn't too far away from the white sash area. It was located at the back of the academy where there was a small terrace hanging over everything. Compared to all the other areas though it was certainly unique. When the three of them arrived they noticed there had been some significant changes from last time.

It looked almost like a small village had been built behind the academy. It was styled with buildings, fake food, props and townsfolk people moving about being pulled along by some type of mechanism. There was a small platform above attached to the school. It was open allowing you to see over at the model town. Currently, nearly all of the green sash students were stationed above and looking down and Martha could be seen in there as well. While a single student was at the starting point of the model town.

Not wanting to disturb them, when Ray and the others entered, they didn't stay anything and silently watched behind the other students.

"This is the green sash area?" Flynn thought. "Why the hell do the black sash get a rundown crummy old mansion?"

It was clear that money had been spent on some areas while not and others and Ray couldn't but think the reason had to do with Kyle and he was right.

Ever since Ray had left, Kyle had been bugging Sylvia about Ray, asking her when she was going to confess to him. It got on her nerves and eventually hit a boiling point.

But Sylvia was now in a high position, she couldn't just hit him like before, no that would be too light of a punishment for Kyle she thought. So instead when the time came to distribute the City's funds, the black sash got next to nothing.

"Ready!" Martha shouted from above.

The student below, with short blue hair, gave a thumbs up while she held out her bow.

"Go!" Martha shouted.

The fake town's people started to move via the mechanism and so did the blue-haired girl below. She ran through the city and while doing so, randomly, pop up targets would appear. They were in the shape of human while red in colour. The girl quickly drew her bow and fired at each of the targets making sure not to hit any of the others. It was impressive, the targets appeared at random so it wasn't something that you could repeatedly do to try to get a fast time, yet her reaction was almost instant every time a target appeared.

While Flynn watched the girl his face started to go red. "She's amazing."

Van seeing the look on Flynn's face smiled. But then he was quickly saddened, the whole reason these children had to learn to fight in the first place was because they were at war, and they needed to do everything in their power to get rid of the shadow as quick as possible. However, after travelling with Ray he released that the shadow, wasn't the only problem. Even without them, they were still others hoping to attack.

"Time!" Martha shouted.

All the Red targets had been hit and now the girl was panting below.

The students started to clap at her amazing performance.

"I think that was Wendy's best performance."

"I can't even go through the whole thing without hitting a civilian." A boy said.

"Yeah, it's not like the targets are a different colour." A girl replied sarcastically.

"Okay bring out the beast!" Martha shouted.

"What a Beast!" Van said out loud. "Is there really any need to go that far?"

As they heard Van's voice the students turned around and noticed that they had visitors behind them. Ones they didn't recognize apart from Flynn.

"Ray!" Martha said, just as she was about to bow down, Ray stopped her.

"Please there is no need."

Although Ray caught her in time before the others saw her reaction, Flynn noticed that she was about to bow down to him.

"Don't worry," said Martha seeing the worried look on Van's face. He still had nightmares about the attacks that went on in the shadow continent. "You'll see it's not really a beast.

From behind one of the small buildings, a strange-looking small dragon with no wings came out

"Rahhh." A voice from the dragon said.

"The mighty beast has come to get you."

As soon as Van saw what had come out, he was no longer worried. It was clear that it was just two people who were in customer dressed a dragon.

Van and even Ray couldn't help but laugh at the actions the two people who were in the costume were trying to do. Rather than scary, it looked kind of cute.

"You can laugh now," Martha said. "But to this day, not a single student has been able to beat the two underneath the dragon."

As soon as the fake beast came out, Wendy started to run back.

"A good decision," Ray said.

The number one advantage of an archer over everyone else was distance and it was best to keep that advantage.

When Wendy was a good distance away she started to fire the arrows accurately and fast. The fake beast ran forward towards the arrow as if it didn't bother them in the slightest.

"Wait, aren't there two people under that thing?" Van said. "If they want to fight or dodge they would have to move at the exact same time, otherwise the costume would break."

As soon as Ray heard those words, he had a good idea who was underneath the costume.

When the arrow was close enough, the two of them moved at the exact same time completely avoiding the first arrow. At first, Van thought it was luck, but then they continued to do this repeatedly until the fake beast was right next to Wendy.

She dropped her bow quickly and went for her dagger attacking the beast's mouth. But with the two's incredible teamwork, the first one was able to kick the dagger away with his foot and ran off to the side, while the tail of the dragon then ran up and kicked Wendy to the floor again.

Before Wendy could get up to fight, the beast was already looking at her face.

"Ahh, another failure!" the students cried.

Once the test was over the two who were in the dragon customer got undressed and Ray's prediction was right. The two controlling the beast was Badger and Sloth, the redheaded twins.

Martha then walked over to Ray who looked like he was interested in the whole process.

"What you looking at Ray, you want to give it a try yourself?" She asked.

Ray didn't reply immediate but in Flynn's head, he wanted Ray to say yes. So far Ray had outperformed everyone he had ever seen on everything and he couldn't wait to see what Ray would do here as well. By now, you could even say Flynn had become a fan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 348 - A little Game
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking at the bow and seeing Badger and Sloth perform perfectly in sync. Ray wanted to attempt the trial. After all, the last time he held a bow he was put in a similar situation but he never got the chance to show if he could use it or not. The bowstring had snapped and they didn't allow him to continue the test. After that day Ray never tried using a bow again.

"Hey who's this guy that Martha's being so nice to?" A student whispered.

"Maybe it's her boyfriend." another one said.

"Don't be stupid, everyone knows that she was going out with Monk before, well, before he went over to the shadow."

Martha hearing had improved ever since she became half-beast, hearing the students say these words she automatically looked in their direction and gave a glare.

"We're sorry teacher." They said as they bowed down.

The sound of the door opening from behind them was heard and entering the room was Wendy. When she looked around she was surprised to see another a.d.u.l.t in the room, one she didn't recognize.

Following from behind, Badger and Sloth had also entered the room, their eyes were suddenly glued to a certain person in the room.

"Hey who's he?" Wendy asked, but as soon as she finished her words. She felt the wind pass by her face and her hair flutter in the air.

Badger and Sloth, ran straight past her and went straight to the ground. "We welcome the boss back!" They both said at the same time.

The word Boss rung in Ray's head and he wondered why on earth did Jack decided to get everyone to call him that in the first place. Not only was it embarrassing, but he could tell it would cause confusion in the room.

Although Badger and Sloth weren't master knights like the others, they were well known in the Redwing army for being scouts. The two of them would often scout an area up ahead before anyone else, seeing if there were any troubles and more times than not, they seemed to bring that trouble back with them.

"Heads up you two," Martha said. "So Ray, about the test, want to give it a go?"

Ray didn't answer Martha but instead walked up to Wendy and gave her a good look using his dragon eyes skill. Her aura and body were strong and she too would make another perfect candidate for the beasting process, the problem was would she go through with it? Flynn had lost the bet, but Ray was going to make sure to tell him everything that happened and leave the choice up to him.

He didn't want to force anyone through such a painful process but judging by Flynn's attitude he would keep his promise, to do whatever Ray had asked. The question was, how could he get Wendy to agree?

"Do you mind if I borrow your bow?" Ray asked.

Wendy saw no problem with it and handed it over. It was only the training bow they would use for the events anyway, so it wasn't like it belonged to her or anything. Ray then pulled back on the string of the bow as hard as he could, but before Ray could even feel the maximum tension point, the bow snapped.

"I guess I won't be able to take part in the event after all." Said Ray.

It was the same result as last time. Although Ray now had better control of his powers he wanted to put himself in a realistic situation. He didn't have time during a fight to measure the correct amount of force to use and would often quickly pull as hard as he could. In this case, it would snap and become useless to him.

"What a crappy bow, how did it break so easily?" Flynn said disappointed he wasn't going to see another performance from Ray.

What he didn't notice though, was now all the students were looking at Ray in a different light. The bow used in the training centre was upgraded from a basic tier weapon to an intermediate tier weapon. Ray didn't know this but he had just broken the string of an intermediate tier weapon like it was nothing. Something none of the archers in that room thought was possible.

"Why did you join this academy?" Ray asked Wendy.

If Ray had asked this question before showing her his strength, she would have thought he was a no-body. What right did he have to know what she thought, but seeing how powerful he was she felt more inclined to answer him.

"I wish to get rid of the shadow" She replied. "My family, both of them were killed by the shadow, with no food and no water, we had no where to go. Luckily the town nearby was happy to take us in. They treated us the best they could giving us food and a place to sleep. But then a stray shadow beast had entered the town, the guards that were meant to protect us were the first ones to run away. The people who took me in were killed, and soon I thought me and my brother would be next."

Hearing this Van was getting more annoyed. While he and his family were safe and sound in the capital, all the people who lived by the border had to live in fear every day, at the chance they could be attacked.

"However, at the last second, the Redwing army had arrived and defeated the shadow beasts," Wendy explained. "And know I am one of those very same people that saved our lives. I wish to continue to save others, and fight for a place where my brother can grow up playing games and going to school, not worrying about the dangers around him."

Wendy's words had resonated with a lot of people there. The ones that were left at Avrion all had similar reasons. Those that had no reason to stay, had gone back to their family as soon as they declared independence.

"Do you wish to get stronger then?" Ray said. "What if I told you I could give you the power to take on those shadow beats?"

"But how?" She asked.

"Let's play a little game," Ray said with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 349 - Another one
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Of course Wendy wanted to get stronger. In a world where one could die for fighting on the frontlines, it was hard to find anyone who wouldn't. The only problem was, how Ray was meant to make her stronger. Ray was a stranger to her and although he had shown great strength, it didn't mean he had great skill. Did he plan to teach her? If so he would need to at least be a better archer then her, or even Martha.

However, Ray knew that Wendy would have all these questions which is why he suggested a game. He wanted to demonstrate to her the difference between the two of them.

"Why don't we do something you're good at, from inside here, we will go over to the balcony and try to hit one of the targets as far away as possible. Whoever hits a further target is the winner." Ray explained.

"How many chances do we get?" She asked...

Ray then lifted up a single finger. With these conditions, Wendy was quite happy. She was sure of how far she would be able to hit a target and it was the highest of the class. Even Martha could only hit it as far as her before she turned into a half-beast. If she hit this target then for Ray to beat her, he would have to go even further.

If he was allowed multiple shots then she would worry, if he was a good archer with his strength, he could adjust his shot to the wind and predict where to shoot from where the last shot had landed. However, he had said they would each only get one chance.

"Okay let's see what you got, but you owe me something if I win." She said.

"Whatever I can get you within my power you will be granted, how about that," Ray replied.

Although Ray had said those words, she didn't know how much power Ray held. He could be a wealthy merchant or an adventurer, if that was the case at least she could ask for coin, that would be able to feed her and her brother for a very long time.

Wendy was first to go, she leant over the balcony and before firing, she grabbed a pile of sand from the pouch around her waist. All the red targets around the model village had been lifted, each one at a different distance.

She looked at them all carefully and picked one that was placed in the centre, which would be around the 100-meter mark. Using her Ki she would be able to accurately hit it that far. Before firing she let the pile of sand go and she could see it blow off in a certain direction. Not only did this tell her the direction of the wind but how strong it was as well.

Then when everything was ready, she pulled back on the string and fired the arrow out. Powered by her Ki it travelled fast and was hardly affected by the wind. As everyone saw it go close to the target they noticed that it was a little too far to the left and if it continued to go forward it would miss.

"Oh no, did she try to go for a target too far!" A student said. Nearly all the students there were rooting for Wendy. She was their star pupil and pride. Before the arrow met it's target the energy that was infused with the arrow started to go away and it allowed the wind to move it slightly over at the last second hitting the target spot on.

The group of students cheered as they saw this, they ran up and gave her a big hug.

"Hey, if you win this you need to ask him for money okay?"

"Do you see that sword around his waist, he must have a lot of money, and then you can treat us all to a meal!" Another said excitedly.

"She's good isn't she?" Martha said. "I wonder how you expect to beat that even though you can't use a bow."

Ray then walked over to Badger and asked him to hand over one of his small daggers. After Ray walked up to the balcony and looked out at all the Targets. It didn't take him long as he chucked the dagger as hard he could, only a second went by and a loud bang could be heard as if an explosion had happened.

The students were still too busy praising and had surrounded Wendy so she wasn't able to see. The only ones that had seen what Ray had done, were Van, Flynn, Martha, Badger and Sloth.

After hearing the noise and seeing Ray walk back with a smile on his face she quickly went over to the balcony to have a look.

"I don't see anything?" she said.

"You're not looking far enough," Martha replied.

She never even thought that Ray would have attempted to go for the targets ahead of hers, she looked slightly upward but still couldn't see anything, and she thought maybe Martha was now playing a trick on her but as she continued to look up, she finally saw one of the targets of in the distance knocked over.

In fact, the target had been completely destroyed by the dagger and was left in pieces. What surprised her the most though, was just how far the shot was, it was nearly double the distance of hers, at around two hundred meters.

She walked back from the balcony. "I lose. "She said, "I can see how strong you are"

"But, that's not fair!" another student shouted. "He used a dagger, I thought this was about archery skills."

Wendy lifted her hand silencing her friend. "It's okay, we never said he had to use an arrow and to be honest, it's a lot harder to do what he just did with a dagger compared to an arrow. It was my complete loss."

Although Wendy had spoken these words, she didn't feel like it was a complete loss at all. Ray had just shown her he was the real deal, if he could keep true to his promise and make her stronger, this was better than anything she could have wished for.

"Martha will tell you the details later. Wait until then and I promise you, you can get stronger." Ray said.

With those words, she put a smile on her face. "Thank you." She replied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 350 - King tier weapon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The lesson for the green sash knights had finished for the day. A lot of the students still felt like it was unfair that Ray was declared the winner and felt bad that Martha didn't say anything to dispute the fact. They still thought that they had to be something going on between the two of them.

After the students had left, Ray also allowed Flynn and Van to head to the hall to grab some dinner and get some rest. There was a plan to be in another meeting in the afternoon to discuss what to do and what everyone had discovered. Ray had finished his scouting job and only found two students who would be able to go through the process but on top of them, Harry and Kyle would also go through the process.

If they included Martha then that would be a total of five people who would be beasted. Although it didn't sound a lot, Ray hoped it would improve the strength off their army significantly.

As soon as everyone had left the room, an a.d.u.l.t orange sash knight entered the room carrying a fairly large rectangular box on his back.

"Greetings Master Knight Martha," he said as he bowed down. "Your order was finally finished and has arrived."

Martha's eyes started to light up as she brought her hands together. "Oh, thank you so much!" She said as she took the large box off him and placed it on the floor gently. The man quickly left the room as if he didn't want to disturb the two of them.

"What has got you all excited?" Ray asked?

"Just wait and see," Martha replied.

As she lifted the box open and she saw what was inside the box, her joy could not be kept in any longer. She lifted the object out of the box and started to rub it up and down. It was a bow.

The bow was made by Randin the dwarf on special order. He had used one of the king tier Harpy crystals that they had obtained. It was gold in colour with little wings that were pointed at each end. There was also a thin spread indent pattern running up the entire bow.

Martha couldn't stop staring and looking at the thing, she had even completely forgotten that Ray was in the room. When Martha had finished her transformation she realized just like Ray, the bow she was using before wasn't able to bring out her full power. If she tried with the other bow and used too much power, it would just backfire on her.

But right now she had a king tier weapon. The highest grade weapon currently in the entire city. It was even higher than Ray's new sword.

"Well, are you going to use it or just stare at it all day?" Ray asked.

Hearing Ray speak she snapped out of it and quickly and ran back over to the wooden box. Inside they were five arrows that were silver in colour different to the usual arrows she used with a note attached inside.

"Dear Martha, I hope you will like your new bow. Just a little note, while testing the thing it seems that you will not be able to use regular arrows, my best suggestion for you is to obtain some beast arrows but even when creating ones of the basic and intermediate calibre, they were unusable while using this bow. When placing the arrow into the string it will simply be cut and broken down. The only material that was able to be used was Glathreium, as you know this is very rare. At most I was only able to create five of these for you. Please use them carefully and remember to retrieve them when you can."

"Only five!" she shouted. "I guess I'm going to have to try to find a beast as soon as possible."

Martha then grabbed one of the silver coloured arrows and walked over to the balcony. She looked at one of the targets that were around two hundred meters away, the same distance as when Ray had hit the target. She aimed carefully and pulled back. Unlike the bows before, it nearly required Martha's entire strength to pull back the string, she was sweating just holding it in place.

Then, the second she let go the arrow went flying, it shot out so fast, her and Ray were both unable to even see where it had landed, but when looking at the target with their advance eyesight, they could see a small hole had been made, meaning the arrow was able to go through. Looking through the hole further they could see it had even gone through the building it was in, as well as into the ground to the point where the arrow could no longer be seen.

"Wow it's amazing, this thing should be able to pierce through anything, no matter how tough their armour is," Martha said excitedly humming away to herself. Then her expression fell as she realized she would have to go down to retrieve the arrow.

As Ray looked at the bow though he felt a certain energy radiating off it. He couldn't quite explain it but it felt like something was calling out to him.

"Martha, do you mind if I hold the bow?" Ray asked.

At first, she was reluctant to give it to Ray. It was her brand new baby, but she soon realized who was the one asking her, and it was impossible to disobey. After handing over the bow and refusing to let go for a few seconds, Ray finally got his hands on it.

His hunch was bang on, as he touched it a reaction had occurred and a system message popped up.

[Harpy bow is able to utilize the power of the elements?]

[Would you like to infuse an element?]

[Yes]

[Please select an element you would like to infuse]

[Fire]

After going through the option and picking out the fire element, suddenly something started to form inside of the bow. Slowly from the grove in the bow to the end of the string, an arrow made of flames was formed. Ray then pulled back on the bow and fired the flame arrow at the same spot that Martha had shot hers.

As soon as the arrow hit the building, it burst into flames and set the building ablaze."

As Martha looked towards Ray she gulped. Would Ray ever stop getting stronger, it made her think back to the black blood, just what was Ray? Because right now she was pretty sure he wasn't human.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 351 - Mysterious figure
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The orange sash knights were quickly called upon to quell down the flames. Luckily they brought out a weird snake like object which fired water at an extremely strong pressure. Every time Ray would be amazed by the new items that had been introduced to the city. It seemed like his hunch was right allowing Randin to stay here and would have to keep his end of the bargain in the future.

After witnessing what Ray had done with the bow using his fire abilities, Martha wished to see if she could do the same. With the bow in her hand, she started to concentrate her magical wind powers. Slowly again something started to form inside the bow, only this time only Martha was the only one able to feel its energy.

Ray could also see it using his Dragon eyes, but to the n.a.k.e.d eye, the arrow was invisible. She shot it out at a banner that was flying through the sky and it managed to rip it as it went past. However, it was clear in her hands the bow didn't have the same amount of destructive power as Ray. Their magical powers were just at two different levels.

But this gave Martha more options. She could attack her enemies with an invisible arrow and in emergency situations, she would use the Glathreium bolts. Suddenly, with this thought, she was feeling a lot better about herself.

'You can't compare yourself to a monster like Ray.' She said. Recently after Martha had changed and showed her powers she was being called monstrously strong but after looking at Ray she could tell who the real monster was.

*Ding

A notification screen had popped up via the system for both of them. After reading the contents they realized that it had been sent out to all the redwing members and it was from Slyvia.

"A meeting has been called in the dining hall, all the students will be there, and everyone will be required to attend as this is an important event. Please wear something formal to this event and not your normal beast gear."

After reading the message Ray wondered what the important event could be. But he had trust in Slyvia she had never done anything that effected the Redwings negatively, everything she did was for the sake of the city.

After putting away his beast gear into his dimensional void, Ray's current clothing was very plain and worn down. he didn't have many clothes. While he was at the academy he would just wear there uniform most of the time.

"You're not planning to go like that are you?" Martha said.

"Is there a problem?" He asked.

"Slyvia will kill you if you turn up to the event like that." She replied as she let out a big sigh. "I guess I'm going to have to help you out."

*****

Inside the dining hall all the students were sat down at the large tables chattering away. Rarely did they ever hold meetings as a whole school so they thought it had to be big news or something to do with the Shadow or Empire.

The front of the hall had changed slightly, rather than the grand six chairs they used to have for the elders before, there was now just a single large table that went across the hall with several chairs behind. These seats were now not just reserved for the elders but also the higher-ups of the redwings.

First, there were the Elders. Slyvia, Von, Sir K, Wilfred and Humfree. Then the Master Knights were next, Kyle, Dan, and Harry and there was an empty seat left for Martha when she was due to arrive. Finally, they were then what was known as the founders of the Redwings, although they didn't hold a high rank within the army themselves, they had a special place and treated just as well as the Master knights.

In these seats, were Badger and Sloth, there were also three more empty seats by their side. In the past, Jack, and another two would sit there. But since Gary and Monk's position had been replaced the ranking formation had changed and there was no one there to replace them. However, in their seats right now was Lenny and Bliss. An extra seat had also been added for Van, but he felt a little out of place.

It had been a long time since he had sat at the head of the table. After entering Roland he gave up all duties as a prince but something didn't feel right sitting at the head of the table of another kingdom.

Finally, the double doors to one of the entrances just off the side opened and in came Martha, followed behind her was Ray, he was dressed like never before. A clean smart white shirt with cufflinks was placed on him. He then wore plain black trousers with shiny black shoes. And finally, his hair had been swept back and was no longer its spikey usual self.

In a way, he looked like an entirely new person. Martha continued to look at Slyvia seeing her reaction, and it was as she had suspected. It looked like Slyvia was going to collapses at the site of the new Ray.

As he walked up to the table with Martha at the empty seats that were provided, while Ray's seat was in the centre next to Martha.

"Wait isn't that Ray!" Flynn said sitting form his seat.

"Yeah, it's the guy who was at our training the other day."

"I knew he was someone important look he's at the head table with all of them."

However, it wasn't just the black sash knights that were in an uproar, the other colours were as well. They had each seen him at their training and all wondered who he was and now that he sat at the head table they still couldn't put their finger on it.

'No wonder he was confident in giving me whatever I desired.' Wendy thought. If he was a high ranking member in the Redwings it meant he had the power to do so.

Slyvia then stood up from her seat and the entire hall well silent. She was the head of the school, the head of the elders and the most important person in the room. There wasn't a single person in the Redwing army more important than her the students thought.

"Tonight is a special evening as we celebrate becoming independent from the other kingdoms to form our own kingdom," Slyvia said. "There are many things I wish to talk to you about today but there is one thing that is more important than all the others. I'm sure you all heard the news that a new king of the Redwing kingdom had been selected."

It was impossible to avoid this sort of news, every other kingdom knew about it, so of course, the Redwings did as well. But they knew better than anyone there was no king that stood on top of the Redwings it was a female.

"Well, I am here to welcome and introduce that said King to you. He is not only the king of the Redwing army but also the founder of the Redwings themselves. Please, everyone, show your respect to the new king. Ray Talen." As she finished these words she pointed towards the red-headed man seated by her side.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 352 - Kings speach
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An official announcement had just been made, and it was a first for not only the academy, but for the entirety of Avrion to find out who the King of their kingdom was. All the students who had graduated either joined the army or had left when the Redwing's took over. It was the reason why the current set of students had never seen Ray before, and only knew the others from the years of history the Avrion had.

Although this announcement was made publicly, Slyvia had also planned to reveal this information to the rest of the knights. They were their own kingdom now, and they would be targeted no matter what. Ray had stated that he was sick of hiding, so it was time to reveal the truth to everyone.

"Wait, he was the King this whole time? It can't be true, right?" A student said.

"It makes sense now. Don't you remember how the master knights were bowing down to him immediately?"

"Huh? But why did he get chosen? I thought the adventurer named Nes was the founder of the red wings. I don't think it's right that they just made a random person to ascend to the throne of the King. Look at him, he doesn't look top strong, unlike Jack over there. " A blue sash knight said.

However, the other knights promptly came to Ray's defence. They had all seen what Ray had done for each training area while the blue knights were the only ones who had no clue.

"Are you kidding me? He's probably just as strong as Wilfred and Sir K. He was also friends with all the other master knights and even beat Harry in a duel."

This piece of information started to spread, and all of the things that Ray had done earlier in the day was swiftly passed around.

Although, as the word travelled within the circle, the rumours started to get a little exaggerated.

"Did you hear? King Ray defeated all of the white knights at the same time while toying with Harry by using only his finger."

While all of the students were busy talking about Ray, Slyvia looked at him and said, "Go on, Ray, speak to them. In the future, they will be your people. They will be fighting for this land and lace you created for them."

After witnessing and hearing about what Ray had done, they all thought their King was quite an amazing person. There were also those who didn't believe the rumours were true, but this would always be the case until they're able to sed Ray perform in person.

But doing so, Ray had gained a few fans from the students, and one of those was Flynn. "Speech, Speech, Speech!" Flynn started to chant with excitement, and soon many of the others joined in.

"Looks like they're calling you," said Slyvia.

Ray stood up from his seat, and the audience members cheered. He then walked out from the side to the front of the table, and looked at all the students in front of him, and in that moment, they had gone silent.

"I'll be honest. I'm not one for speeches and usually, I leave all of these things to Slyvia." Said Ray. "She has done a great job in bringing this city up to what it is, and I would like to remind everyone that she will still be the one you will be listening to from now on. I don't see myself taking the role of someone who will run the city. I also don't want to assume the role to be the one training you like the master knights, but in return for joining the Redwing army and your loyalty, I will promise you one thing - That while you are a member of this kingdom, I will do everything in my power to protect all of you."

Although the words said by Ray were simple, and definitely not one that a ruler would usually say, it gave the students confidence. They could feel he was genuine, and they felt power when he said those last few words.

"And I have one more thing to add," Ray said. "Equally, if you are not a part of the Redwings and chose to attack on us or betray us, I will make you wish you were never born."

Hearing Ray's final words, the students became frightened a little. Just as they could tell, his words before were genuine, and they felt as if these words were stated in the same degree.

Meanwhile the Elders, including Slyvia, were shaking their heads behind Ray. If he had;t added that last bit of his statement, then the speech would have been perfect. But as Ray walked back to them, he had a smile on his face. Lately, he had been showing more and more emotions which made Slyvia happy. Perhaps one day, maybe something could happen between them too.

Looking at him as he sat down, she gave him a thumbs up.

"Good job, Ray. Leave the rest to me."

Slyvia now stood in front on the stage as she had a few announcements to be made. All of this information would also be repeated to the knights working around the city through their captains. The problem was everyone was so busy at the moment, so it would be more harmful to the city if they stop them all from working.

"The next thing I would like to announce is a new division in the academy. Avrion will now be opening up it's doors to a magic division." Slyvia announced.

The mutterings among the students were nearly just as much as when Ray was announced as King. This move was made because Avrion needed to build itself and grow. Roland was a part of the Alure kingdom. Therefore, the students didn't belong to them.

However, most of the knights in the academy had been tested for magic and had failed, which was why the magic division, for now, would be quite empty. Still, they would be able to go around the city and see if any of the new people had any magical talent.

"The two people who will be leading this will be Lenny and Bliss. Please meet your Avrion Magical Tower masters." Lenny and Bliss stood up from their chairs and started to wave. As Bliss was standing up, she started to fire magical fireworks into the air, impressing all of the students.

The announcements had finished for the day and all the students were required to leave the dining hall apart from Wendy, the green sash knight, and Flynn, the black sash knight.

It was time for them to discuss the beasting process.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 353 - Jacks request
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Side by side, the two students sat nervously since they were told to sit on the large table. Never in their dreams did they think that they would be able to sit with the leaders of the Redwings. Maybe in a few years' time, but not right now.

Ray was the first to speak as everyone sat down.

"You remember how I told you that I would make you stronger, right? Well, we are here to discuss that as a group." Ray explained. "Truthfully, you two were the only ones that are compatible with what I'm about to tell you. Now, I am not at all forcing you into this. In the end, it is your decision whether you will agree to go through this process or not."

Martha then explained to the two of them what they planned to do, and also about how she had gone through this beasting process. She described everything in detail, including how painful it was for her. Still, all the while she demonstrated the immense powers that she had received from the beasting process, the two students were slowly roped-in. After listening to both the pros and cons, it was time for both of the students to make a decision.

"I'll do it!" Flynn immediately said. "I made a promise, and I will keep it. I will do whatever you wish to happen, King Ray." Flynn answered.

The difference in attitude was quite amazing, even Kyle who was sitting on the table was surprised. Flynn had always been quite c.o.c.ky, being that he was the best of the Black shash knights, and it was hard to get him to listen most of the time.

However, Wendy was still hesitant about the whole thing. In a way, the process required her to give up her humanity, but her thoughts were filled with what happened to the town she was once in with her little brother.

"So, what are our chances of surviving this process?" Wendy asked.

"I believe that with me by your side, I can increase that chance to 90 percent," Bliss replied.

She thought about it long and hard. She wanted to get stronger, yet at what cost? Ten percent was low, but if she was to die, then what would happen to her brother?

"If I decide to go through with this...." She said while looking at Ray. "Can you promise me one thing? Will you look after my little brother."

"Of course, in fact, I plan to make a special beast unit. Those who'll opt to join will be given free accommodations and be treated on the same level as the Redwing members here, such as Sloth and Badger." Ray replied.

With an offer like this, it was hard for her to refuse. Right now, the city looked after both of them, but with the small space that was available, they were constantly being moved around the city to make room for the others who had immigrated.

"I'll do it!" She said with conviction.

"Well, that should bring us to our next topic," Slyvia said. "Bliss and Lenny are scheduled to go to the shadow continent soon. We are hoping that they will be able to clear the land and expand our area out. However, we are unable to send a large group. We are sure the Empire is keeping an eye on us. If they see any large movements form our army, I'm afraid they will make their move while we are still a little unstable. That's why we will send a small team out. Harry, Kyle, Wendy, Flynn, Martha, and Bliss with Lenny will head out."

Sylvia proceeded to meet the eyes of each of her comrades. Thereafter, she continued the briefing.

"There are two objectives to this. While the group is clearing the land bit by bit, you will also look for compatible beasts to go with your skill. According to Lenny, this is one of the most important things in the process. This way, we can kill two birds with one stone. I know you two are young and it will be your first mission, but the Master knights will be there to protect you."

Although the two were Nervous at the same time, they were exited. It felt like they were finally a part of the Redwing army.

As the meeting went to an end, the group was dismissed and everyone was free to rest for the night. But just as ray was about to leave, he felt Jack touch his shoulder.

"Ray, I need to speak to you about something. "

Once everyone had left, Jack and Ray sat down on the table together. Ray noticed that Jack didn't quite feel like himself. His facial expression wasn't one of happiness like it would usually be, and this honestly worried Ray a bit.

Jack was one of his most loyal followers. He had been with him throughout his entire journey ever since he met him.

"Ray, I know the whole city has a lot going on now, but I would like to make a request," Jack said with a serious look on his face. "I would like to request for personal leave. Once I have dealt with my problems, I promise I will come back."

"Oh," Ray replied. "What do you plan to do?"

"I want to go back to my hometown of Zrey. I need to find out why I have this power."

Jack had gone to Randin to ask if the Harpy core could be used for anything, yet unfortunately, it couldn't be used for anything other than a bow. Hearing this news, he felt disappointed. However, Randin offered to purchase the king tier crystal for him. When creating the bow, he realized he could increase its power with two crystals.

Jack agreed, but when he asked if there were any weapons he could purchase that would suit him, there didn't seem to be any at all. His original weapon had come from his hometown after all.

Once he left Randin, he decided to head to Lenny. The curiosity of his hometown had only grown ever since he came back to the academy. Withal, when he asked Lenny about it, Lenny wasn't able to reveal any more information than he had already had done. He also had never heard fo the town called Zrey.

With all these things, Jack had finally made the decision. If he wanted to get stronger and help Ray fight against the shadow, he needed to find out about himself first. He never knew when he could get the chance, and now seemed like the perfect time.

Jack explained everything that was going through his head - His feelings and the mystery that was in his head.

"Is it okay if I leave? Of course, if you don't want me to, then I will stay here. I promised you after all, and I'm not a deserter."

Ray sat there thinking for a while, which worried Jack a little, but whatever Ray decided to say, he would accept his decision.

"You can go." Ray said, "But there's one condition. You need to bring me with you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 354 - Which side
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jack was unsure if he had heard Ray correctly. He was hoping Ray would let him go visit his hometown so he could find out some more information about himself, but now he was asking to go with him? It was something Jack had never expected.

"But Ray, don't you have a city to run? aren't you going to train the others?" Jack asked.

"Slyvia has been doing a fine job without me, the master knights have also trained the students well. I can see that when I went around. To be honest, if I was left here, I feel like I would just get in the way of everyone. I was planning to go out hunting to get stronger anyway."

Although Everything Ray had said to Jack was true, there was another reason why Ray wanted to travel with him. It was more than likely that Jack's parents were also werewolves, or at least they knew something about them and their past.

If Ray was able to get a few to join his army, it would raise its strength exponentially. It was an opportunity he couldn't miss. For some reason, Ray didn't want to tell Jack about his ulterior motives. He didn't know why, but he felt bad about doing this and didn't want Jack to know.

"Boss, I would be happy for you to come with me!" Jack said excitedly.

With that, Jack went to get some rest for the night. If they were going to do this Ray wanted to leave the city as soon as possible, but before doing so, he wanted to visit two more peoples rooms for the night, one of them was Lenny.

On the way back to his room located on the top floor. Ray stopped by a temporary office space that had been converted into a magical room. When Avrion had the funds, they would build two towers, one for Lenny and one for Bliss so they could do their own research but it would take some time before that. In the temporary room. Lenny had moved most of his research books and papers. There were boxes piled everywhere, while Bliss was busy sitting down on a chair, just watching Lenny do all the hard work reading random items Lenny would bring in.

She was quite surprised as she read through the research how much information Lenny had gathered.

"Ah Ray, what did I do to get a visit from you?" Lenny asked.

"Did you think about the proposal I made earlier?" Ray asked.

Lenny had never officially joined the Redwings, but he had a special position in the army now. Ray had explained the details of the contract and wished Lenny would accept so they could have better communication between each other.

"I have, and I have some conditions before I accept," Lenny replied. "Once the fight with the shadow is over, I wish for you to break the contract. I want to be a free man and enjoy the rest of my time. I would also like all the privileges I currently have. I don't expect you to act this way, but if I wish to do something else or travel on my own accord, I do not need to be granted permission from you. So do we have a deal?" Lenny asked.

Lenny's information was invaluable, there were many times when it had come in handy during the trips, and it seemed he knew more about what was going on in the world then Bliss. Although Bliss could see the future and had been around a long time, she never really mingled with Human's all that much.

"We have a deal," Ray said as he offered the contract to Lenny.

Lenny accepted the contract, and a burning sensation was felt around his wrist. Finally, the mark of the Redwings had been placed on his body, and he was an official member. Lenny knew at any time now Ray had complete control of him, if he wanted to, he could make an order, and his life would be in Ray's hands. But after travelling with Ray for a while now, he learnt what he was like.

As long as the two of you had an understanding, then Ray would do you no harm, but if you were his enemy, he would make sure you knew about it. Bliss, as the creator of the system, was unable to be offered a contract, and it wasn't like she would ever take on in the first place.

"There was a second reason why I came here tonight." Said Ray. "I was hoping you would be able to tell me a bit about werewolves, just what is Jack exactly."

Lenny then placed down a box he had in his hands and placed it down onto the floor. "You're planning to go with him, aren't you?" Lenny asked.

Ray didn't reply, but just from this, he already had his answer. "The boy came to me before. Honestly, i couldn't tell him much. Similar to dragons, werewolves have become but a myth, but we have concrete evidence that werewolves did exist, I mean Jack is living proof of that. The only thing I can do is warn you I told you before about how a long time ago a war broke out, and how there were two sides, one who chose to protect the humans and the other which chose to tried to rule them. Honestly, I thought both sides were extinct, so just keep that in mind that Jack's family could come from either side." Lenny explained.

Bliss started laughing in the corner. Right now, a human was warning one of the strongest beings to ever live on the planet, about a bunch of wolves that used to harm humans. The damage that they had done was only a fraction to what Ray had done, which was why Bliss never even bothered to intervene. Although Lenny had no clue what was going on and before he could even ask. Ray was already leaving the room.

"Look after the kids while I'm gone," Ray said as he exited the room.

As soon as Bliss heard those words, she buttoned up her mouth. "Did I hear that, right?" Bliss said.

"Hear what?" Lenny asked.

"About him asking us to look after the kids?"

"Is that really so strange?" Lenny replied. He knew Ray had always been like this. He protected the redwings no matter what.

But these actions, made her realise that Ray might have changed more then she thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 355 - Leaving again
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After his visit with Lenny, there was one last place that Ray had left to visit and that was Slyvia's room. Before while walking around the academy, Ray would find it a struggle to get around.

Several of the guards would constantly ask him about who he was and he would constantly have to find someone of high authority to allow him to get past.

But the announcement that had been made had spread around and they all knew who Ray was now. Even the simple city folk and townsfolk we're starting to learn.

The guards would constantly bow down to him as he walked past.

"The king is here to see you, elder." The guard said as he entered Slyvia's personal room.

Hearing this news she was was fl.u.s.tered, she looked down and noticed that she had already gotten dressed in her pyjamas hoping to go to sleep in a few minutes. She also had just washed her face allowing all her make up to disappear.

"Stop him from coming in here at once!" Sylvia shouted, but it was too late, as Ray had already let himself in through the door.

"Is this a bad time, you seem to be annoyed at something?" Ray said as he looked Slyvia up and down. She was currently wearing a pink top and bottoms with little white bunnies all over.

"May I suggest you have the image of something more menacing on your clothes next time, it should help you scare off your enemies while you are asleep. A bunny would just make you look like food to your predators."

Once again Ray was spouting random words that were strange, but this was Ray, and Slyvia was used to it by now.

"What are you doing here so late?" She asked.

Ray explained how he planned to set off with Jack on yet another trip early in the morning tomorrow. Hearing this, she felt crushed inside but tried her best to hide it.

Ray had only been here for a short while and he was already off again. She had hoped her hard work making the city a better place would feel welcoming to him. Enough for Ray to want to stay in the city.

"You look a little worried," said Ray. "If there is an attack or you need me in an emergency do not hesitate to message me. You know I am able to teleport back at any moment."

"Thanks for those words Ray, I feel a lot better now."

After informing Slyvia, he had done everything he needed to do and was ready to set off tomorrow morning, but before he left the room, Ray had one last thing to say.

"You have done a good job here Slyvia, I hope you can continue doing so for when I come back."

With those words, a warm feeling entered inside Slyvia's heart. She had been told she had done a good job from many of the people and elders in the city but it never meant anything to her.

Hearing these words from Ray himself was the best reward she could get for all her hard work.

******

The next day had arrived and Ray had already set out everything he needed into his endless void. Standing outside of the entrance of the Academy, was Jack and all the high members in the Redwing army.

Although Jack didn't have much luggage on him either, before he would only carry his weapon but now he didn't even have that. All the food and water they could need was kept with Ray.

So Jack looked more like a normal civilian with bulging muscles.

"Jack!" Harry said. "I promise the next time you see me, I will be a new person." Jack gave a big old bear hug to Harry before leaving. Squeezing him tightly to the point where he thought one of his ribs had broken.

"Sylvia, I heard Ray came to your room late last night." Martha whispered, "Looks like someone grew up."

Sylvia started to think back to last night about how Ray' words had made her feel and a smile appeared on her face. Martha seeing this took it as a sign that what she hinted at must have been the truth.

"looks like I hit the nail on the head."

Then Slyvia had realised her mistake. "No, you got it all wrong," she said fl.u.s.tered.

Martha knew Ray was incredibly dense, it was like he was mature for his age but at the same time wasn't. Still, she couldn't help but tease Martha at every oputuinty she had.

The sound of footsteps and squeaky wheels turning could be heard and as they turned, they could see that the carriage had arrived.

Jack got on first and Ray looked at the others before getting on himself. "Cure the area of the shadow, be careful of the beasting process, make sure the city continues to grow, and let me know if you need help." With those few words, the door shut and the carriage was off.

"Was that his way of saying goodbye?" Said Bliss. "Looks like he might really need to work on his people skills

"Short, sweet and straight to the point, how a leader should be." van replied hoping to one day be half the man that Ray currently was.

Van had his own goals while Ray was away, thanks to the piece of Divine crystal that had been given to him, he could now use his powers without being detected by the Shadow.

For all these years he wasn't able to practice using his magic powers properly. For fear of who else might get dragged in, but now he had a chance.

Just as the group were about to head back into the academy, they noticed that a hooded person with high quality materials had a bag on her back, and he was walking towards the academy.

The members found it odd and readied themselves to be ready for a fight any moment.

It was strange because usually only students and other knights approached the academy. The city folk had no reason to be in this area.

So they could only suspect someone who was covered to be the ememy.

As she removed the hood of her face, her long black shiny hair came into view and a beautiful face was seen.

"I'm here to see my baby boy." The female said.

"Baby boy? Martha repeated, finding it odd the choice of words she had used.

" Yes, he's my little ray of sunshine. Ray Talen." She answered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 356 - Finding Zrey
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The carriage had set off with Ray and Jack inside and they were now heading to Zrey. The problem was from Jack's memory his hometown was located in the Allure kingdom which meant they would have to head back out of their territory.

Although they had gotten rid of one guild, Slyvia had mentioned there were several other guilds that had been hired to protect the border as well. At the same time, slowly Ray's image was being known to the outside world. He wasn't na?ve enough to think that the city they were in was full of people he could trust.

The empire bound to have paid one of the people in the city to gather as much information about what was going on. It was why they had also decided to keep the team small and full of trustworthy people to enter the shadow continent.

So right now inside the carriage, Ray was disguised as the younger version of himself he once was, but with black hair instead of Ray. No longer could he use his identity as Nes. For that was too well known as well.

Just outside Jack was driving the strange carriage. It wasn't a regular one controlled by horses, but one that was powered by beast crystals and had a circle wheel type shape at the front. Turning it in a certain direction would turn the wheels as well.

It was a prototype as well as a gift from Slyvia to make travelling easier for the two of them. The idea was also if they were to enter a new town, they would pretend to be merchants who had come up with new technology. Anyone who saw this piece of technology would want to get their hands on it for their city.

It was their gateway into any cities that required them to show ID, or even if they wanted to see someone of high power.

Suddenly though the vehicle had come to a halt.

"What's wrong!" Ray said as he opened the side door.

"The thing is," Jack said. "I don't know where Zrey is either."

Ray could tell this was going to be a tough journey between the two of them.

It was expected though. At the age of five, they had left their hometown to go study in a school, to only later study further at Avrion. In all that time Jack hadn't gone home once.

"Do you remember anything," Ray asked. "Perhaps a city or town that was close by?"

Jack had to think hard really hard, he was trying to pull the memories out of his head form when he was only five years old after all. But after waiting patiently for Jack to think of anything Ray had given up.

Then something hit him, "Wait, didn't they come to your town at the age of five. With me, it was Wilfred and the two other master knights."

"Oh, yeah I remember!" Jack said exited but then his expression quickly changed as he realized something. "The master knight who came to my home town was only one, and it was Delbert."

Jack was in the year above Ray and before the prophecy had come about they only sent out one master knight, or even just regular knights to do the recruitment in all the nearby towns and villages.

Still, thinking about this gave Ray another idea. Before entering Avrion students were sent to a nearby town. This was where they were educated on Ki, Beasts, the current situation of the world, and so on. Usually, the town chosen would be the closest one nearby.

Ray's case was special as he had red hair they had taken him to the most guarded of towns.

After sending a message to Slyvai she was able together with the information for Ray. Jack had been educated in a small town named Foset. The hope was that perhaps someone had more information closer to Jack's hometown or it might even spark some memories for Jack.

With a destination in mind, they set off once again, to the town of Foset. Going back past the border seemed to be easier. They were happy to allow people to leave but seeing the number of different guards still stationed around the border, they knew it would be trouble for them coming back.

It was something Ray would seriously have to sort out when he came back. IT seemed like his little warning with the black wings wasn't enough.

It took a few days to travel even with the new vehicle gifted to them on the way there, they would hunt for beasts each night collecting the crystals.

At the same time, they managed to luckily find a few Advanced tier beasts. They had stopped by a few towns that had some requests. Recently there had been a lack of guild members taking quests, due to most of the better once being hired out as guards between the Redwing borders.

This allowed Jack and Ray to complete the more difficult ones. With the quests, they managed to obtain four more advanced crystals bringing up Noir's total point to 32. Rasing her strength was nearly just as important as raising his own.

Following the directions that had been given they finally arrived into a valley of hills and forests, the Town where Jack had spent most of his time being educated could be seen just up ahead.

It was surrounded by hills and forests all around, while the town was stationed in the middle. It was the first Town Ray had seen that didn't have any walls. Instead, the Hill's seemed to act as walls. Only n a place so far away from all the kingdoms and borders would a town like this be able to thrive.

It looked peaceful and the type fo place, Ray would have loved to stay at during his time as a Dragon. Looking at the place brought back some memories of his.

But strangely, they weren't recent memories. His head started to bang with pain as he started to remember something. Something from when he was young. When he was only just starting as a baby dragon.

Nearly 1000 years had passed since that time but in those memories was one of a black dragon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 357 - This is how you do it
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The images in Ray's mind was a haze, he could remember bits and pieces here, but it wasn't enough to remember much. 'Did I really used to know a black Dragon?' he thought.

Dragon's tended to come in all sorts of colours, but their colours also indicated their strength and ability. Most dragons a specific colour were only able to use a certain elemental ability. Ray, however, as the Red dragon Sen, was able to use all types of magic all apart from one.

But he couldn't remember what magic this was. This was exclusive for a sperate race of dragons even before Ray's time. He had never met one in his life before, or at least he thought he had never met one. However, the strange valley town had jogged his memory of when he was younger, indicating that he might have.

"Are you okay Ray?" Jack asked, feeling a little concerned, as Ray hadn't said much ever since they arrived.

"Yes, just this place reminds me of something." Wishing to change the subject, Ray asked a question of his own. "What about you Jack? Has seeing this place managed to jog your memory at all."

The two of them were currently still riding the carriage, while Jack was steering the thing down the single path, Ray was lying down on top of the roof, taking in his surroundings. It was truly a nice secluded area. Covered by humungous trees and hills.

"Well, I remember coming here as a child and studying here, but nothing else." Jack replied.

Ray never had any hope for Jack in the first place, the goal was to see if anyone in the town could remember.

They had finally arrived at the front entrance and unlike all the town before it, there were no walls. Instead, there where two small towers built out of wood, each with a guard inside. While they also had guards stationed on the ground floor.

"ID please!" The guard said in a loud stern voice with his hand held out.

"I'm afraid we lost our ID travelling to a bunch of ravaged beasts, we were hoping we could take shelter in your town for a few days," Ray explained.

When the Redwing kingdom was created, each kingdom went through a new registration process. Usually, this wouldn't be the case, and only the kingdom that had been created would have to issue new IDs, but the Empire forced all the other kingdoms to reregister their citizens.

This was to see who would be part of the Redwings and who would not. Ray thought it was amazing how much effort they were putting in to get rid of the Redwings, when it seemed like they didn't but in half the effort against the shadow.

"No ID, no entry." The guard replied.

"Oh don't say that, I'm sure we can arrange something, as you can see we are very wealthy merchants," Ray said, pointing at their specially designed carriage.

Jack was impressed by Ray's words, it was the first time he had ever seen him be able to talk so smoothly. Where was the regular brut Ray who would bash his way through? What Jack didn't know was before Ray had left, Slyvia had done her best to give Ray as many socialising lessons as possible.

It took many tries but eventually, they had gotten somewhere. Thankfully, Slyvia was quite smart, she planned what scenarios and troubles they might have come across during their travels and decided to just focus on them.

Ray then offered his hand and proceeded with a grin on his face, it was perfect, exactly what Slyvia had told him to do. Right now inside, Ray's hands was a set of ten silver coins, which would be around a months worth of pay for a guard at a town like this. It was a bribe sure to work.

'What's with that evil grin?' the guard thought. 'He must be planning an attack.'

"Everyone, seize the intruders!" Four guards had quickly surrounded the carriage and drew their weapons.

Jack, who was watching the whole thing going on, was shaking his head. He could see that Slyvia's lesson had worked wonders, but she was unable to change his facial expression. When Ray had tried to give a friendly smile to the guard, his face looked like that who was scheming an evil plan.

Not wanting to cause a ruckus or a scene, Ray lifted his hands and surrendered. Fortunately, Ray had been told what to do in these situations as well. Knowing that he might fail. If the Empire were to know of the Redwings were in a strange town, they were sure to investigate.

The guards begin to escort not only Ray, But Jack and the carriage as well. However, they struggled to figure out how to start the thing. There were no horses to push it, and it seemed to also be heavier than a regular carriage.

"I can help if you want," Jack said.?"I promise I won't run away, we would have tried that by now."

The guards allowed Jack to climb on top of the vehicle and ride it into town slowly while they walked by the side.

The town was full of small buildings here and there, not many things were higher than two stories. It wasn't like the cities they were used to, and everything seemed a lot quieter. However, there were still the usual stalls out and about on the streets selling food and clothes.

The school that Jack had gone to was no longer a knight school owned by Avrionn but now had turned into a public school. Still, they were able to see children practising swordsmanship with some of the town guards outside.

What did happen as they went past with their new vehicle, it seemed to be causing quite a stir in town. Whenever they would walk past a new place, people would stop what they were doing and started to follow the vehicle.

"What is that thing, How is it moving?"

"It must be some type of magic."

"Only royalty would be able to afford something like that?"

"Don't be a fool, can't you see their hands are tied up, they must be prisoners."

Ray looked at the head guard. "As we said we are merchants, we are trying to introduce this new technology to wealthy nobles in hope they may invest further so we can mass produce these items on a large scale," Ray explained.

Just then, a large fat man had come out from one of the sides and started rushing over. His eyes went straight past the guards as he ran up to the vehicle.

"What is this, this beauty! Who created this, who owns this!" The large man said. "I demand to know at once."

"This vehicle belongs to these two prisoners." The head guard replied.

The large man then walked up to the guard and smiled. He then placed out his hand and gave it a shake placing one gold coin. "If they are prisoners then I believe this vehicle will be seized goods. I wish to take this off your hands and get rid of it for you."

The guard smiled back and bowed down. "It would be my pleasure."

Jack was then taken down from the front of the carriage while one of the fat man's men had got on. Since Jack had already filled it up with a beast core, it was able to still run for the moment.

"You see Boss." Jack said. "That's how you bribe someone."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 358 - Do it my way!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two boys were now being taken towards the prison house - A single building that was shaped like a wide block, but a little bit worn out.?It was slightly detached from the rest of the town, so the prison was isolated. Usually, small towns would have a small temporary holding place for sinners. Then, someone from one of the big cities would come and do a monthly collection of the prisoners, that they would bring with them to the city cells.

Of course, if the prisoner who was caught was a prominent individual, a town or village could ask for immediate assistance, or even set up a quest for the prisoner to be escorted by some guild members.

Upon entering the building, one could see that there were several guards stationed inside.?Thinking about it, Ray felt like it would be easy to take over the whole place with just the two of them. However, every time that thought entered his mind, he would remember Slyvia giving him a scolding.

"Alright, you two, fill this paper with your personal details as best as you can." The man behind the counter said as he handed over two forms for them to write on.

"Do you know what's going to happen to us?"Jack asked.

"Relax, your crime isn't that big. People lose their ID's all the time. All we need to do is check with your registering town, the one where you were born in, if you really are on their records. Once they are able to confirm your identity, you're free to go." The man confirmed.

While looking at the forms and from listening to what the man had said, a little idea suddenly popped up in Ray's mind. As he answered, he looked at the question asking what town they were from and resided in, Ray had jotted down Zrey. Seeing what his comrade had done, Jack followed suit.

Of course, Ray also didn't fill in the question about his real name, but Jack did.

As the man started to read the forms, he noticed the town that they had written down straight away. Working in this post for a long time, he often met people hailing from all sorts of places in the Allure Kingdom. He was quite proud of that fact, yet he had never seen this place before.

"You think I'm an idiot, don't you?" The man said. "I have been here for 10 years and I have never come across someone from the town of Zrey. Lock them up in the cellar. Let's see if they're more cooperative tomorrow."

"What!" Jack shouted, flailing his hands out of panic. "But it's true! I really am from a town called Zrey! It also shouldn't be too far from here."

The guards didn't listen to their excuses, continuing to lead the two towards their cells. Jack still shouted for his complaints as they walked down the hall. Hopefully, Jack's plea would seem genuine enough that the Guards would try to look into if there really was a place called Zrey.

They had been in the cellar for a few hours now. There was nothing to do in the cramped cell, so the two of them opted to exchange messages with the base to see how everything was going.

"Boss, how long are we going to stay like this?" Jack asked.

"Well, if they don't let us out by tomorrow morning, let's just get out of here and move on to the next," Ray replied.

"What if they try to stop us?" Jack asked again, and this time, he sounded more anxious.

Ray just stared over to Jack. When Jack met the gaze of his superior, he could tell that ray was losing his patience. He was surprised he had even waited this long.

All of a sudden, a man's booming voice resounded from down the hallway, and it was one they could recognize.

"Are the two lads from earlier now locked up?" The fat man asked.

"They've been locked up for the night for lying on their forms. Could you believe that? They tried tricking a veteran like me. They said they came from a place known as Zrey. It was laughable, so I had the soldiers grab every known official of the Alure Kingdom, and guess what, not one of them had the town of Zrey on their forms."

After hearing those words, the merchant's face slightly changed, going a little silent even.

"You don't mind if I went to see them, do you?" He asked.

The guard then beckoned with his hand to show where the cells were located, indicating that it was okay for the man to visit.

The merchant proceeded to saunter down the corridor, eventually reaching his destination.

"Hello boys, I believe we met earlier today. I think a more formal meeting is required. My name is Bob shank." The man said. He initially put out his hand for a shake in between the bars, but after seeing how crudely dressed the two were, he pulled it back again.

"Anyway, I'm here to talk about that strange carriage you brought earlier. It seems it has run out of power and not one of us knows how to get it going." He explained. "You see, I'm a well-known merchant around these areas, and I want to spend all of my money to purchase that vehicle, so I was hoping you would be able to indulge my request. In return, I shall get you out of these cells, but the vehicle shall still be mine. Do we have a deal?"

Jack got up from where he was sitting and immediately went forward, grabbing onto two of the bars - The act caused a loud bang to reside within the cell. It startled the man, making him move back a few feet.

"Barbarians, what do you think you're doing?!" Bob hollered.

Jack then pulled the bars a bit out of place, and when he let go, the bars had been bent backwards. He made a space wide enough for them to fit through. "Your deal doesn't look so great now, does it?" Said Jack. "We can get out here anytime and take back what's ours. Your deal doesn't sound so good now, does it?"

Beads of sweat started to make their way down Bob's face after he witnessed what Jack had just done. The cells in this prison weren't made from your average steel. Otherwise, anyone who could control Ki would be able to bend them. From this act alone, he could tell that Jack was strong.

Thinking Jack was the said leader, Bob started to focus all his attention on him. He wiped the sweat from his forehead before speaking again.

"I heard you two were planning to go to Zrey, correct? I was planning to take your machinery over to that place. There should be plenty of people interested in it." Bob said.

"Wait, you know how to get to Zrey?!" Jack asked loudly.

"I thought you two were from Zrey?" The only reason why Bob had revealed this information was that they had mentioned the town, but now, he quickly realised that they had no clue where it was and he could use it once again as a bargaining tool.

"I see how it is." Said Bob with a smile on his face. "It seems like I once again hold all the cards. I will tell you where Zoey is located once you tell me how to power up that machine of yours, so it will be rightfully mine."

Jack then felt Ray jab him on the shoulder, asking him to move back slightly. This time, Ray held the iron bars that were beside the ones Jack had bent. They soon started to glow red, and a few seconds later, the two bars looked like melted cheese.

"Do you always have to one-up me?" Jack said.

"Time to do it my way. Now tell us where Zrey is?" Ray demanded.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 359 - A diffrent type of town
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'The outside air, the forest trees, it was a good feeling to be outside again' Jack thought as he heaved a breath.

Right now, Jack, Ray and Bob were all together, making their way to the town of Zrey on the same carriage they had arrived in.

After witnessing Ray's strength, Bob realised who he really should have been afraid of. Ray was never going to do any harm to Bob, but he also had a backup plan if Bob refused. He would simply use his Dragon's truth skill to reveal where Zrey was.

Out of his own pocket, Bob had paid the guards to let the two boys out of the prison. Well, he also paid for the cost of the cell bars that had been destroyed. The guards had asked what happened, but Bob just paid them again to earn their silence.

So far, it has been the worst day for Bob. As a merchant, he was all about profits, yet ever since running into these two, all he received were losses. The only thing he was happy about was seeing the mechanisms of the carriage.

Whenever the carriage would run out of energy, the crystal would also disappear, getting smaller and smaller in size as the energy was used. Upon their inspection of the carriage, they had found the hatch but never imagined that a beast crystal was to be put in it.

Usually, a mage would have to inscribe a magic circle to allow things to be powered, yet this seemed to show no such requirement. It was clear that it was technology beyond their time. However, Bob quickly realised it was useless, for he was no longer the owner of the carriage.

Jack rode the carriage, sitting at the front, with Bob sitting by his side, giving directions. Meanwhile, Ray opted to sit on the roof.

"Did we even need an interior?" Jack asked.

"I like the outside because when I'm inside, it makes me feel cramped. "Ray replied.

As they continued to follow Bob's directions, he noticed that the two people didn't talk much to each other. It was clear that Jack respected the one sitting on top of the carriage as his boss, but it made the merchant wonder just who they were.

Both of them seemed quite young, though what worried him more than anything was why were they trying to get to Zrey? Just as Bob thought about this matter, Ray started to ask some questions.

"So Bob, is it? Why don't you tell me why no one knows of this place and why do you even know about it."

Bob had a nervous smile on his face. He was worried about what information these two already knew. If they knew enough, then telling them wasn't such a bad thing. Still, if he revealed something he wasn't supposed to disclose to the public, then it would start to cause problems.

"Please, for my sake," Bob said, "Can I ask how you two came to learn about Zrey?"

Jack looked up and could see that Ray had given him a nod, giving him the go-ahead.

"When we were locked in that prison cell, I wasn't lying. I really am from Zrey, but I just can't remember how I spent my time there since I haven't been in that place for years."

Bob remained silent for a bit. Just as Jack said, no one should have any knowledge of Zrey, or they should have at least been informed of the rules before leaving and entering.

"Well, if you already know about it, I can tell you some information. Zrey is a special place not even the Queen of the Alure kingdom knows. It has been kept that way for years, to the point that there aren't even any rumours connected to it. That's why I was so shocked to come across you two. It's a special place for merchants."

"What do you mean by special?" Ray asked.

"I'm afraid that I'm not allowed to say, especially if you guys don't know what's going on. All I can do is continue leading the two of you towards Zrey."

"Stop the carriage," Ray shouted as he got down from above, descending to where the other two where.

[Dragon's truth skill activated]

"Tell me, why is Zrey so special?"

[Skill failed: The ability has been blocked by outside forces]

For the first time, Ray's Dragon's truth ability didn't work. He left Bob be and went back to the roof of the carriage while they continued the journey.

For some reason, Ray felt his heart beating louder with excitement.

'Someone was able to block my ability, well that's a first.' He thought, amused with the circ.u.mstance. 'There are so many possibilities. Could it have something to do with the werewolves? Or was it something else?'

While using his Dragon's eyes skill, he could tell that Bob wasn't a werewolf. Hence, it was clear that not everyone knew about where Zrey was.

Which meant that there might be something else going on in there that was bigger than he thought. What could a town be hiding so much that they needed to keep being so secretive?

Finally, they had reached a fairly large wall. It was red in colour and seemed like it stretched far from either side. The path only allowed one to go left or right, eliminating the possibility of going around the place, but Bob had pointed to go forward.

On the spot that Bob pointed at, there was a stone slab displayed. Written on that slab was a strange script that not even Ray could recognise.

Jack looked at the writing and announced the words out loud.

"To the original land, I have returned." After speaking those words, a piece of the wall started to shift. A large piece of the wall, shaped in an arch, started to descend to the ground until eventually, it revealed a stone pathway lit up by torches.

"It looks like you really are from Zrey?" Bob inquired. "If you know the password, then the door shall open. Come on then, let's go."

The carriage continued to move along the stone pathway. Once they passed the entrance, it began to close again, barring their way of escape, away from the sight of the outside world.

"I thought you said you couldn't remember your way home, yet you remember the code?" Bob asked, curious of the uncanny excuse that Jack said to him earlier.

Although Jack had kept silent, for he really didn't know the code, he was just reading the words that had been written on the stone slab.

The path was quite long, and even with the carriage, it took them five minutes to arrive at their destination.

"Well, here we are," Bob said.

It was an underground town, but it didn't look like any other town. The buildings were mostly made out of gold and silver and was decorated with jewels all over. Just from the look it, one could tell that the town was wealthy.

The jewels magnificently sparkled as they reflected the surrounding lights. Even the people who were walking about donned high-end articles of clothing, with different types of jewels and accessories riddling them.

"This is it!" Jack said excitedly. "This is my hometown!"

"Jack, it was a pretty big detail you left out that the town you grew up in was underground, don't you think so?" Ray said with an annoyed tone, looking at Jack like he cheated him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 360 - The son of who?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the entrance of the city, there was a large storage unit. It was a single large hanger like place with several guards stationed outside. They had decided to leave everything to Bob. After paying a small fee they were able to leave the carriage inside the hanger leaving Bob to receive a tagged key for it.

As they walked around they realised that it was a town unlike one they had ever visited before. It didn't have the same type of new technology that Avrion was running on, but it did seem like they had technology that was not yet available to the public on the outside. The only place they could think of that came close to it, was the merchant city Kelberg.

However, there were things here that they had never ever seen before. The lighting for the underground city was just as good outside if not better. Although it did give off a strange white colour that they had to get used to.

The ground wasn't just flattened out, but also covered with stones in a strange pattern. There were streets with houses and buildings that rather than being just plotted randomly, you could tell that they were placed with care and were well thought out.

The group also didn't see a single market stall. If you wanted to buy anything they had a shop for it. The people area here were also special as well, in the street, there were mixtures of what looks to be like, Mages, Nobles, adventurers and even some people wearing masks.

"What's that for?" Ray asked looking at the few odd people wearing masks.

"Most likely that person is a high ranking official, while he is here wishes to hide his identity," said Bob.

But what shocked Ray the most was the guards that were standing out and about. They were the same guards that were also at the storage unit from before. There was nearly a guard at every street corner, wearing some type of dull yellow and silver armour. They caught Ray's attention due to the fact that he was unable to tell how strong they were through using his dragon eyes.

It was the same with the black knights at Avrion. Their armour suppressed their aura meaning they were quite skilled. The town was nearly as large as a city, and if it was on the outside and were official, it would have probably been classified as a city. With a guard at every step and most likely more guards stationed somewhere else, there were a lot more yellow knights then black knights at Avrion.

"Why does he need to hide his identity?" Jack asked.

"This place is full of the richest people from all over Bronzeland. People think on the outside that Kelberg is the real merchant city of Alure but that isn't true at all." Bob explained. "Nearly every product that gets released to the mass has gone through this city first. The people who chose to live here and make business here are free from taxes, so it definitely attracts those from above. But that's not the only thing sold here, secrets from other kingdoms, weaponry as well, hence the need for the disguises.

"That was why I was already planning to come here. With your new and improved carriage, I was hoping to sell it for a hefty sum." Bob said with a smile, before releasing the two that were looking at him from behind.

While walking around Ray could see Jack was excited. He was constantly window shopping going from one place to the next. Like an energetic dog who hadn't been outside in a long time.

"Well Jack, do you remember anything?"

"Yes, Boss. This is definitely the place I grew up in. Although a lot has changed I remember the smell?" Jack replied.

"The smell?" Bob said looking at him weirdly.

Sometimes Ray forgot Jack was half beast, he really did have the nose of a hound, and the smell was a strong receptor at bringing back memories for others.

"What about your families house, do remember where it is?" Ray asked.

"Right now I'm just following where my nose leads me to, but I'm sure we will come across it at some point if we keep walking around," Jack replied.

As the three continued to walk around they noticed quite a large weapon shop. Ray remembered that one of the other main reasons for them coming here was to find Jack a suitable weapon. His last weapon he said he had received from his hometown and that they were hoping to get a replacement.

As they entered the shop it was indeed was higher class than the ones before. It was the first shop Ray had seen that had a whole bunch of advanced tier weapons and armour. The only problem was the price of everything was high.

Basic and intermediate equipment usually had a set price. However, when it came down to advance equipment and above it was different. It would also depend on which advanced beast was used to create it. For sometimes they would have special properties or skills attached to it like Martha's bow.

While looking around the place it seemed like nothing took their fancy. Jack's last weapon was an advanced tier weapon so they wanted something stronger similar to Martha's bow.

"It looks like the two of you are disappointed by what you see here?" Bob said.

"We were hoping to find at least a king tier weapon if possible?" Ray replied.

"Oh, I didn't realise you two had the funds for that," Bob said looking at their clothing once more.

They had been given quite a lot of gold coins before they left. After all, they had recived a large hall form the Black ring's guild. However, most of the coins would be used on the city for now. Especially since a lot of them came from them in the first place.

Still, if they need to raise some funds they were also happy to sell the second King tier harpy beast core that Jack possessed.

"If you're looking for something that high of a class you won't find any in the shops here. The most likely place for you to find one would be the auction house. They not only sell high equipment but all types of different things there." Bob said with a creepy smile.

"The auction house, huh, sounds like we should pay a visit." Said Ray.

As they left the auction house, Jack continued to follow his nose and it seemed he caught a whiff of something interesting. He started running off in a certain direction and Ray quickly followed after him. Bob tried to catch up with them but they running far too fast and he was too out of shape.

Ray noticing this turned and lifted the large man over his shoulders as he ran to follow Jack. It caused them to catch the attention of the whole town. After taking several snaking left and right turns Jack finally stopped just outside a large gate.

He pointed at a large mansion behind the gate.

"That's it that's my home!" Jack shouted excitedly.

As Jack took a step forward towards the gate, immediately the four yellow knights pulled out their spears and pointed it at Jack.

"You are trespassing!?If you do not have an appointment to see the Mayor then please leave this place at once!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 361 - Dem Family
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What are you guys talking about? Get out of my way before I make you move!" Jack said in an aggressive tone. It was clear that he was not in the mood to mess around.

Well, who could blame him? He hadn't been home in a long time, and right now, his humble abode was right in front of him.

"If you are trying to threaten us, then we will take action!" The yellow knight shouted. "If you take another step forward. then we will consider it as an attack."

Jack then lifted his foot up and gradually lowered it to the ground. At that moment, all of the knights were closely looking at his foot, keenly waiting for the time that it touched the floor. However, before it did, he felt himself being tugged, his consciousness pulled back in the present. Then, a loud slap sound was heard as a stinging pain assaulted the back of his head.

"Boss?" Jack said as he turned around, rubbing his head to get rid of the pain. It seemed like Ray had used quite a bit of force.

"If I can hold myself back, then you should be able to do the similar thing," Ray said. "This isn't any small town like the ones before and these guards, they aren't weak. If possible, I would like to avoid a confrontation in this place at all costs."

Ray was a headstrong, fists first, kind of person. Still, at the same time, he had his head screwed on the straight path. Judging from what Bob had told them earlier, this place was known to the other kingdoms and most likely the empire as well.

The city was operating by exploiting the connections that it had with all of them. If they were to cause trouble, they might make even more enemies than they already had.

"Boy, is what you say true?" Bob asked, looking at Jack. "Are you really from the Dem family?"

"Yes, I remember this place and that's my last name!" Jack replied confidently.

"Well, I would have never thought that you were the mayor's son. Unfortunately, I don't have the authority to request a meeting with them. I'm just a lowly merchant, but if what you say is true, you should have no problem getting in." Bob explained.

"I'm assuming the mayor is an unofficial position since this city doesn't belong to anyone?" Ray asked.

"You are correct. The mayor is actually the owner of this whole place, or you could even say that he's the founder. All these guards in yellow directly work for him, and they solve the disputes between people. Although there aren't any taxes in the city, they make most of their money by taking a percentage form the auction house that I mentioned earlier."

As the three of them were discussing what to do, a strange round object, that was located on the wall next to the gate, started to move to face the frontal side of the barrier.

"Looks like someone is causing a commotion outside." A man in a black and white suit said. He was the head butler of the mansion and was currently looking at what appeared like a crystal ball. The ball was linked to the strange circular device that had been placed just outside the walls.

While stuck outside, there was nothing that Ray could think of doing, so he decided to contact Slyvia for advice as they were lingering in the open area.

"Well, just tell Jack to tell them who you are?" Slyvia said. "Surely, your family should know what you look like. I know it's been many years, but no one should forget what their son looked like. Simply tell him to be nice and calm about it."

Ray didn't realise that, perhaps, there might have been a simple solution to all of their current problems. He relied on what Slyvia had said and advised Jack regarding it.

Jack then took a deep breath before he sauntered towards the guards once more, yet this time, he had his hands held up.

"Look, please, could you just get someone to come out? My name is Jack Dem. I just returned to see my father and mother."

The guards glanced at each other for a moment, unsure of what to do. They had never seen Jack before, so they then turned to the strange circular device mounted on the wall.

"It's been a while since someone tried charging in. I wonder who would be so daft." He said as he zoomed in on Jack's face. "Who does this imposter think he is."

"Percy!" A deep voice said. "I heard the alarm set-off. It seems like there are people outside. Have you gotten rid of them yet."

"I'm afraid not, Sir," Percy said.

Entering into the security room was a fairly large man. He had a light brown beard that covered most of his face and large bushy sideburns. He was muscular and strong, which was rare for someone his age. However, not once had he ever missed a day of training.

He was the owner of the mansion and as well as the mayor of the town, Russell Dem.

Nevertheless, when he entered the room and looked at what was being displayed on the crystal ball, his Jaw nearly dropped to the floor. "Jack!" He said.

"Sir, you know this person?" Percy asked out of surprise.

"That's our son! Invite him in immediately! I must tell Nid of this situation. Our son has returned!" He said excitedly as he rushed off to inform the other family members.

Percy then immediately rushed out towards the mansion's main doors, running down the long pathway as fast as he could to try to reach the gate before a confrontation would occur. Luckily, it looked like he had arrived just in time.

"Guards, put down your weapons now!" Percy demanded. "You're pointing your weapons at the mayor's son."

The guards hurriedly did as they were told and bowed down. "We apologize for our rude behaviour. If we knew, we would have never pointed our weapons at you."

Even Jack was shocked by the response. He remembered his father's place being here and looking similar to this, but he couldn't remember his father being this powerful. Although, at the same time. Jack was only five years old, so it would be hard for him to comprehend everything that happened around him at the time.

"Well, looks like your friend wasn't lying after all," Bob said as he started to follow Jack into the mansion, but before he had even gotten past the gate, the guards once again pulled their weapons out and had them pointed at Bob.

"What are you doing?! Do you guys want a beating!" Jack shouted. "They're clearly with me."

"I'm sorry master, but your father has only granted you permission to enter the mansion. I'm afraid that they will have to wait outside." Percy explained, worried about how Jack might act. If he was anything like his father, then he would do anything to get his way.

"Don't worry about it," said Ray. "This is your family's business, and it isn't my place to get involved anyway."

"But Boss! You came all this way!" Jack said.

Percy had taken note what Jack was saying, wondering just who the young master was calling Boss. Someone from the Dem family should never be working underneath anyone.

"Don't worry. If you need anything, you can send me a message. I will be heading to the auction house to get you a new weapon."

With that, the two of them had split up to do fulfil their own objectives.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 362 - Everything is for sale
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

According to Bob, the auction house was open daily, and visitors from all over different kingdoms would regularly bring in multiple different items. The range of items brought from these places would range from rare beast crystals to items invented new technological advancements.

"So, have you changed your mind about selling that vehicle of yours? I'm pretty sure it would fetch a pretty neat sum." Bob said as he rubbed his hands together just thinking how much money it would make.

"Unfortunately, it's not mine to sell," Ray replied. "Besides even if I did sell it, what makes you think you would get anything for it." Ray could sense the greed just coming off Bob. He would have never even bothered visiting the two of them that night in the jail cell if he didn't think he could make any money out of them.

That's why Ray didn't feel bad about dragging Bob all around town with them without rewarding him anything. Besides, it wasn't as if Bob wasn't already wealthy enough. He was plenty capable of paying for his own things during this trip.

"I must say, err sir Ray," Bob said now knowing to be careful around him. It seemed like Ray's mood was quite fickle and he was afraid to make him angry at any second. Especially since he had not only witnessed his magical strength first hand but his physical strength too.

Bob was no small man, and even he knew he was large for his size. Yet, Ray was still able to run through town catching up to Jack with him held above his head.

"I wanted to ask, I'm surprised your friend back there was the son of the mayor, yet neither of you knew where this place was?" Bob asked.

"It's normal," Ray replied. "He hadn't been back here since he was five years old, so of course he wouldn't know his way back.

"Well, that makes sense," Bob replied. "But his parents sure are caring ones then. I mean, did they really send no letters during the time he was away. What were they planning him to do once he left? If he wanted to go home how would he have done so if you guys hadn't met me?"

When Ray started to think about it, he had a point. Even Ray during his time at the academy had a visit from his mother. Although the academy didn't allow letters during training time the same wasn't said for the holiday period. In fact, many students chose to go home.

Did he really have no way of contacting them? Was it done on purpose? Ray suddenly thought he was overthinking things. They must have just thought Jack would have remembered his way back home but failed to realize how stupid he was.

There had been so many hardsh.i.p.s in his own life and it seemed like everyone was out to get him. This didn't mean it was the same for Jack. All Ray could hope was that Jack was having a good time with his family.

They continued to walk towards the auction and finally, the place was on sight. It was a little bit away from the main part of the city, and the auction house was just as large as the mansion they had seen earlier.

However, it was set out on its own space and there seemed to be more yellow knights stationed here than anywhere else, and for the first time, Ray spotted a few mages mixed in wearing dull yellow robes too.

"Ten percent," Bob said. "Ten percent of all earnings that go through this place go straight to the Dan family. In return, they use that money to hire yellow knights and mages and then train them. If you are wondering how this city gets by with zero taxes… It's all because of this place."

As they walked forward down the straight long path to the auction house. With Ray's sensitive hearing and sharp senses, he could vaguely hear the sound of chains. Something he hadn't heard in the while. The rattling against the floor would consistently hit the ground and as Ray turned around… He saw what it was that made those noises.

"I almost forgot." Said Bob. "One of the main attractions of this whole place, its completely exempt from the laws outside, and in here you are free to own whoever you want."

"Slaves," Ray said with anger in his voice.

He could see a row of about twenty humans all chained by their hands and feet, slowly walking along while being guarded by several yellow knights. Ray couldn't believe it, not only did they try to enslave beasts and other races, but they even enslaved their own.

The slaves were dressed in minimal clothing and had been beaten and not well fed. While on a certain part of their body, either on their neck or leg was a magic circle. Ray took note of what the magic circle looked like and he would try to describe it to Bliss or Lenny later.

Behind the slaves though, was a large metallic box being carted along on the back of an open carriage. The metallic box was made of glathrium so Ray could tell it wasn't cheap and there were only a few air holes in random places.

"What's inside there?" Ray asked.

"I'm not sure," Bob replied. "My guess is that it is another type of slave, but they only reveal it in the VIP areas. Perhaps it's for some sick perverts to fulfill their desires with." Bob said.

As Ray used his dragon eyes skill, he was unable to see through the glathrium, after all, it was made out of the same material as those special doors that sealed the divine being over, so it was a shame he couldn't see what was inside.

"Everyone move!" the guard out in front said. He was most likely the captain judging by the fact that the helmet he had on looked a little different compared to the others. It was slightly pointed at the top.

The crowd moved to the side allowing the slaves to walk past but suddenly out of one of the rows of slaves, the girl at the back fell to the floor. The slaves were attached to each other by chains, so immediately the other ones who were linked at her stopped.

Ray used his dragon eyes and could tell that her life force was week.

"What are you doing." One of the guards at the side said. He then pulled out his sword and urged her to walk using the flat end of the sword on the back of her leg.

A large red mark was left as she screamed in pain, but even her screams were weak as it seemed she hardly had any energy.

"Come on, we are nearly there, if you start slacking now then there will be no food for you tonight. Or even worse, no one will want to buy you when they see how weak you are." The guard said.

The woman placed both hands on the floor and tried to push herself up, but her arms were constantly shaking, and she had no energy. Eventually, she collapsed onto the floor again.

"Did you not listen to me?!" the guard said as he lifted his sword once more.

Ready to hit her again.

"What a cruel sight she can barely stand." Bob said. "it's a shame but if anyone gets involved then they will make an enemy of the Dan family." Suddenly, Bob realized that Ray who was standing by his side was no longer there.

When he looked in front of him, Ray was already right next to the guard with the sword held in his hand.

"You will not hit this girl in front of me again!" Ray said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 363 - Jack returns
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Jack entered the mansion, trailing after his father. He started to notice how grand everything looked. The whole place was covered in marble, had grand paintings on the wall. It reminded him of what the academy used to look like before it was taken over by the Redwings.

"Was this place always like this?" Jack asked. He wasn't too sure but if his memory was correct. The mansion wasn't as big outside and he also couldn't remember the whole town being this prosperous either and now even the inside of the place seemed to change as well.

"Our family has become really successful since you last came here," Russell explained.?"Our hard efforts seemed to pay off and the whole place just kind of boomed in the last ten years or so."

Finally, they had arrived in the large living room area where there were grand sofas that looked like it could fit 50 people on them and a table in between. Sitting on the sofa was a person Jack hadn't seen in a long time.

"Mama," Jack said as he went rushing over and picked her up, lifting her into the air. "I missed you so much." HE said swinging her around.

"Jack you're making me feel dizzy." She said.

As Jack placed her back on the ground he was able to get a good look at her. She looked tired, there were large bags under her eyes and although she was only in her late thirties she looked like someone at least a generation older. But she still had the same gentle smile as always.

"Welcome home," Judy said.

As the three of them sat down on the sofa, Jack continued to look around the room, as if he was trying to find someone.

"What's wrong?" Judy asked.

"Where's Steve? Does he not want to say hello this his little brother or something?" Jack asked.

When Jack asked this expression, Judy's face had slightly changed as if she was deep in thought about something.

"Steve decided to become an adventurer." Russell quickly interrupted. "After learning you had the talent to be a knight he didn't want to be left behind. If you give us your address when he comes back to visit us we will pass it on to him. He would have loved to see you again."

"Speaking of." Said Judy." We can't say your visit was unexpected, we didn't expect to see you so soon. Honestly, we had heard the things that had happened at Avrion and we fought that maybe you had…. Not made it out of there."

"About that…"

Jack then explained the events that had gone on inside Avrion. To the constant attacks from the shadow and Dark guild and even went into the details of the corrupted members within. Finally, he went on to explain how the Redwings group had saved them and Jack had joined becoming one of them.

Although he decided to leave the details about Ray out, he didn't even tell them that Ray was currently in this city. Today was his day and he wanted to talk about all the accomplishments he had, trying to make them proud.

Finally, though, it was time for him to explain the finer details of how he survived, how he turned into a creature known as a werewolf.

Once he spoke these words, the expression on both Russel's and Judy's faces was one of surprise. They couldn't believe it.

"I'm sorry I didn't come back sooner." Said Jack. "But as you know the Redwings are in deep trouble and that's why I came back here. Did you guys know anything about this werewolf blood that I carry?"

Both of his parents looked at each other before looking back at Jack and shaking their heads. "I'm sorry, Jack, I can't say we do," Russell replied. "Perhaps it might be something one of our ancestors hid form us and it has been passed down to you."

This news had come as a disappointment to Jack. Not just because he wanted more information about getting stronger or learning about his past but because he wanted someone to relate to. Someone who was currently going through the same thing he was at the moment.

"I can see your upset," Judy said as she placed her hand on Jack's shoulder. "Why don't you rest here for the night? Russell and I will look through our belongings see if we can find anything. Who knows maybe a relative of ours put down some information in our journal."

"That's a great idea," Russell said excitedly. "And please Jack, stay as long as you want here."

At first, Jack was debating on what to do, he decided he would send Ray a message asking if he was okay with it. But after waiting a while and receiving no reply it was up to him to make a decision.

'I'm sure Ray will be fine on his own right, he has enough money and Bob is with him'

"That sound's great!" Jack replied. "Thank you."

"Percy!" Russel called. "Take Jack to the best guest room in the house and make sure whatever his needs are they are to be fulfilled."

"Yes, sir!" Percy said as he bowed down and led Jack around the mansion once again.

As the door shut behind and the two had left the room the expression on Russel's face turned sour.

"What is the meaning of this?!" Judy shouted. "He turned and he didn't show any signs of this before!"

"I know, "Russell replied. "It seems he might have been a late bloomer. If I had known I would have never let him go to that academy. I guess I should have seen the signs, he was always stronger than others his age, but I just filled my head with excuses calling it talent."

"Well, what do you plan to do now?" Judy asked.

"What we always do, although he is my son he is no exception to the rule."

While Percy was showing Jack around the house, they arrived back at the main entrance. Jack noticed while walking around the mansion there was a high number of yellow knights standing inside.

In particular, though, there were many stood just in between the two large spiralling staircases. As he walked up the stair following Percy to his room, he noticed a door just behind where the guards were standing and suddenly an old message flashed into his head.

"Jack, you are never, ever to go near this door again you here me!" It was his father's voice. Eh was yelling at him for trying to get inside. Back then there were no guards stood outside only a lock. He would often see his father go into the room when he was younger and his father would say it was his place of study.

"Would a place of study really need that many guards?" Jack thought. If it was the old him he would have never found it suspicious, but after travelling with Ray and being at the academy for so long, he started to notice things here and there that seemed odd, and this was one of them.

"Just what actually is under there I wonder? " Jack thought?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 364 - Trouble outside
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In an instant, Ray was standing right beside Bob. He was sure that the two of them were walking together, the length of their strides equal, and were ready to head into the auction house. Still, even though he was right next to him, he didn't even know when Ray had moved to head over to the other side.

Right now, he had the yellow guard's sword held in his hand.

'What on earth are you doing?!' Bob screamed inside his head, clearly perturbed of the situation. "I know you're strong, but this is a whole army! You can't go up against an army, especially not against these guys!'

Bob had seen a few angry customers confront the guards before. The city, particularly the action house, was frequently visited by many tourists, and those included guild members. Some of these guilds were quite strong. Hence, they ceaselessly seek for a force that would be able to rival their prowess at the same time. Despite that fact, the yellow knights were more than strong, so he had never seen them be overpowered by any guild.

'Damn it! Who is this guy? I can't move my sword.' The yellow knight said as he struggled afore his enemy.

"Oh, I guess you are quite strong. I guess you really are on the same level as the black knights, aren't you." Ray said, forcing all of his ki into his fist to conjure an explosive mana. He then tried to snap the sword, but to his surprise, it hadn't broken.

As of the moment, as long as it was at the intermediate level or below, Ray was sure he would be able to break a weapon. Withal, it looked like it was at least an advanced level weapon - One that was in the same level as the equipment that he was using.

Of course, scrutinizing the weapon, it seemed pretty generic looking. Thus, it wouldn't have any special attributes and would most likely be weaker than Ray's Raven blade.

The knight, unable to move his hand, went ahead and tried to kick Ray to put some distance in between them. Seeing this action, Ray matched him.

The second that their feet collided, the extreme force pushed the man back, causing him to let go of his weapon.

"You will not harm them in front of me again,"?Ray said.

The guards were cautious, yet didn't appear worried or frightened of Ray's strength. They still stood there casually as they watched Ray.

"Are you okay?" Ray asked the girl as he went to offer his hand to assist her in standing. When she took his hand, Ray started to use Mana share and infused some Ki into her. The strength started to return to her body and she was finally able to stand up.

That's when Ray noticed the strange marking on her neck. The instant that he looked at it, another message had appeared.

[User is already contracted]

[You are able to break the contract. Would you like to break the contract?]

It seemed like the marking was similar to the magic that Ray used when offering the contracts to the Redwing members.

'Is this why they have to follow their orders? It makes sense why they aren't fighting back and how they would listen to their new owners unconditionally as well.' Ray contemplated regarding the matter as enlightenment came to him.

Not wanting to disturb anything, for now, Ray decided to free the lady.

"Looks like this is your first time here, boy!" The head guard, standing in front of the slaves, hollered. "Every year, there seems to be an idiot like you, shouting justice and asking justice for these people. Let me tell you something - These people aren't good people. It's why they were being sold off in the first place."

The guard then pointed at the slaves, mockery was evident in his tone as he spoke once more.

"Many of them are prisoners, murderers, or people who have betrayed their own kind, so there is no need to feel bad for them. We are just giving their existences a chance to be of use in this world rather than sentencing them to death - A favour.

"And who are you to decide that?" Ray replied. "Are you a god? No, just a weak man."

All of a sudden, anger was plastered on the man's face. However, just before the two were about to have a confrontation, a loud clang resounded in the area.

Looking behind them, they could see a strange man in a brown cloak landing just on top of the metallic box.

"Free my brother and sisters now!" He shouted as he jumped down. Once he landed, he began to dash, going straight for the guards.

The cloaked man was fast and managed to run past the other guards in an instant - His first target was the head guard.

"You again! How many times are you going to try this?!" The head guard then pulled out his halberd that was mounted on his back and proceeded to swing it towards the cloaked man.

Bob, while watching the whole thing, thought everything would be over. Right now, the cloaked man had no weapons on him, but as his fist knocked into the halberd, a clanging sound was heard and an invisible force knocked the two away from each other.

The heard guard continued to attack all the while the cloaked man continued to block with his crossed hands. The two of them were going at it with amazing speed, that it even made Ray deliberate that he should reevaluate the skills of the yellow knights.

Based on the head knight's skill, they were stronger than the black knights. Still, even simply watching the altercation, he knew that the cloaked man was strong too, managing to match up to head knight. However, there was one problem. There was only one of him that would be facing a company of knights.

While in the middle of the fight, some of the mages had prepared spells. One fireball and one wind slice were catapulted towards the cloaked man. At that moment, the head knight stopped attacking.

Still, the cloaked man was quick on his feet and avoided both blows. Although, he couldn't avoid the next attack, which was a hit from a sword. He screamed in pain, yet skillfully continued to fight.

"Why?! Why can't I just get my family back?!" He shouted and started to roar in rage. As the fight continued, he persisted on getting slashed. Ray was surprised how long he continued to fight on for his life, but he knew that it was useless. Furthermore, based on the cloaked man's behaviour, it gave the impression that he realized the actuality of his situation too.

He attempted to make an escape, yet a couple of guards chased him. Though, the head knight didn't seem too bothered by it at all. It also seemed like his confrontation with Ray was forgotten as he ordered the rest of his men to carry on moving forward to the auction house.

"Now, that was interesting," Ray said as he glanced in the direction of the cloaked man.

When Ray had seen Jack's father, he initially thought that it might have been a wasted trip. He could tell straight away that Jack was different from his father. His dragon eyes told him that his aura was the normal yellow colour that humans obtained, merely meaning that he wasn't a beast.

Nevertheless, just now with the cloaked man, Ray could tell he was different. Similar to Jack, while mostly yellow on the outside, his core was red on the inside. Foremost, it was covered and Ray was unable to see it. Still and all, as the fight went on and the yellow aura started to disappear, Ray slowly unveiled the red hue of the cloaked man's aura.

For now, he would continue to the auction house, but he had a feeling that he could tell what was in that metallic Box.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 365 - Tricked
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Following Percy along, Jack was eventually led to a luxurious room on the second floor. The room looked untouched but it was expected for a place as big of this. There were many rooms unused since it looked like the only two people were living in the mansion. The maids and butlers of the place had a separate place they stayed at attached to the room.

"Before you get a goods nights rest, sir. Your father has asked me to make sure you try our finest selection of tea. He wishes you to drink it and tell him what you think." Percy explained.

"Well I'm not really much of a tea person, I'm not sure how I can help." But before Jack could politely refused, two maids came rushing into the room with a silver trolley and on it was a whole tea set with snacks.

As soon as Jack saw the food, he immediately started to gobble it down without any hesitation. Once everything had disappeared, he patted his belly satisfied.

"Master, it looks like you haven't touched the tea?"

"As I said, I'm not really much of a tea-drinking person," Jack replied.

"Please, otherwise your father would be ever so upset." Percy insisted once again. Although Jack didn't say anything, since he had consumed the harpy his werewolf senses while being in human form had improved.

And every time Percy was bringing up the mention of his father his heart would beat faster. 'Will my father really punish him if I don't drink this tea?' He thought.

Thinking back, he remembered his father was quite strict with him when he was young. He would regularly try to hit Jack, but it never really affected him much due to his strong body but still he remembered his angry face full of rage.

As Jack lifted the teacup, he gave it a quick sniff. And rather, there was a slight hint of sourness that seemed to be putting Jack off.

"Is it meant to smell that bad?!" Jack complained.

"Like I said, it's a new formula he had obtained from the market place and wishes to test it out. Your father was very insistent on this type."

Once again as Percy spoke his heart would beat louder. Not wanting Percy to get into any trouble Jack, held his nose and downed the drink in one go.

"So?"

"About what?" Jack replied. "Oh! The tea, it tasted like tea I guess."

"I shall give your feedback to your father," Percy said as he quickly bowed down, and closed the door in a rush.

Suddenly, Jack was feeling extremely tired. He had already felt a little tired after all the travelling but it started to magnify.

"Wow, I didn't realise how tired I was," Jack said as he started to walk towards his bed, but every step he took the energy seemed to drain from him more and more.

"Maybe, I should just sleep on the floor…"

*Bang.

Jack had collapsed and had completely passed out on the floor.

While his eyes were closed and his mind was in a weird state, he could hear odd bits of conversation now and then.

??He's so heavy!" A man's voice said.

"I'm surprised the tea actually worked, just to make sure they gave him four times the usual dose."

"Isn't that the same amount they use on high-level beasts?"

"The Mayor said, it was a must, just to make sure. Although I was afraid the bad smell might give it away. That's why we were all waiting on standby just in case."

Jack suddenly felt tired once again, and the words the people spoke, were all but a blur as he drifted off.

When Jack's eyes slowly started to open once again, he realised the room he was in was incredibly dark, and his head was ringing with pain.

When he tried to move his arm to see where it was, the sound of chains banging against the wall was heard. Then he tried the same with his other hand and the same thing happened again.

That's when he realised, he had been chained up. Both of his hands had been cuffed and chained to the back wall. As Jack tried pulling using all his strength, there was no result. Suggesting that the material of the chain and cuffs where off Glathrium.

"Don't bother trying to break them," Russell said. "It's impossible it was meant to keep people like you tied in."

As he looked up he realised it was a voice he recognised well. Standing just on the other side of him was his own father.?He was standing just on the other side of the cell door and right next to him where four yellow knights.

It looked like Jack was in some type of jail cell and had been chained down for whatever reason.

"Father, someone drugged me and tied me up. I think it might have been your butler. Maybe he's planning to overthrow you, is that why you're here to get me out."

"Oh, Jack, you were never were the brightest out of my children but even from my words and the fact that I'm standing here you should know what the situation is right?"

It took a while for Jack to think about what his father was saying but he had finally understood. There must have been some type of sleeping agent in the drink and he had ordered Percy to do it. That was why his heart was beating so fast.

It wasn't every time he talked about his father, but every time he had mentioned the tea. But now the big question on his mind was, Why?

"Why father, why have you tied me up?!" Jack cried. "Does mother know about this!?"

"I'm sorry but we didn't realise you were a werewolf. We thought you were a failure so we truly did raise you up just like our own son and now that we realise that you're a beast. I'm afraid you will be sold off to the VIP auction house."

Just then, another person walked in wearing the colour of yellow. Only this one was wearing robes indicating he was a mage rather than a knight.

The cell door opened and in stepped the mage. A mechanism was heard and the chain attached to Jack started to pull him back until his body was flush against the wall and his arms and legs were spread.

"Father, I need to understand why you're doing this. That's all I ask!" Jack cried. For the first time, tears were visibly running down his face. His caring loving family he grew up with. Although it wasn't for long, he remembered his childhood well and his brother….

"What happened to Malik!" Jack said. "Don't tell me you did the same to him!"

His father didn't reply but just had an odd smile on his face.

The mage then placed his hand right above Jack's chest and begun to chant out a few words. The light started to surround the palm of the mage's hand and a strange energy started to enter in Jacks body.

Bu then a screen had popped up.

[A contract is trying to be placed.]

[Current contract already exists]

[Blocking magic]

Now the mage was feeling a strange sensation in his own body and suddenly his arm jolted backwards spinning him onto the ground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 366 - VIP area
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the commotion over — Just outside the auction house, the slaves including the metallic box were brought to the back to be sorted out for the upcoming sale today.

The people carried on without saying anything nor any word about what just happened which seemed somewhat peculiar for Ray. He also remembered the head knight saying some strange words in the middle of the confrontation. It was as if the two of them had some strange past.

"Do you know who the attacker was?" Ray asked Bob.

Ray was now interested at the attacker, even if he wasn't a werewolf, he would have been someone who had gone through the beasting process. Something that he believed only Lenny knew how to do.

"I don't visit this place too often," Bob replied. "Still, that person even came when I was here. I imagine he has some grudge against the Dem family. Perhaps one of his sisters were sold off as a slave."

"Strange?" Ray replied.

"What do you mean?"

"You said you didn't come here often. I assume maybe monthly or yearly but that doesn't matter too much. My point is — if he did have a family member that was being sold off, wouldn't he go after the person that his family member was sold to? Why would he deliberately stage an attack to the auction house?"

"I understand grudges more than anyone, but this doesn't quite make sense." As he said these words Ray watched the metallic box wheel just around the corner with his peripheral vision.

They had eventually reached the large double doors. The visitors were being tunnelled through as they checked everyone's belongings as well as their identifications.

Ray had seen this up ahead and decided to quickly drop his equipment into his endless void. It was common practice for them to rid all weapons in a place like this.

The auction house sold high-level equipment that would often be targeted so it was expected that the level of security was high, not just for the sellers but for the buyers as well.

"Before we go in I must warn you about something," Bob said, by now he had realized Ray's thought process. If he wanted something — he would take it. Regardless of the ramifications of his actions. He was the type of person that could be considered as the bane of auction houses.

"All items sold here are final. If you want something that has been sold to someone else... Tough luck. If anyone attacks a buyer or seller while inside the town of Zrey they will become an enemy of the Dem family."

Although Ray didn't say anything in retort… Bob hoped that his warning was enough for him to understand.

Bob displayed his ID to the yellow knight and informed him that Ray was his guard. When looking at Ray, he frowned a little. He couldn't imagine someone so young being useful as a guard, especially someone without his equipment.

They continued to follow the others down the red carpet and eventually, the group of people split up into two groups.

One group of people were directed straight ahead to the large and spacious hall while the other group was led upstairs to the second area. The group being led upstairs looked quite different from the others.

Their clothing was a lot higher class, there seemed to be a great difference in the quality of the fabric that made up their clothes, and the number of pieces of jewelry these people were wearing… On top of that, almost all of them wore a certain type of mask.

"Don't worry about them," Bob said. "Remember the VIP area I was talking about before. That's the area, most of them cover up their identity which is why I assumed anyone within that group can be anything but good."

"How do we get in there?" Ray asked. He was even more curious than before.

"I don't know. But I'll let you know that I don't qualify, so I can't help you. Maybe a big spender or someone influential in one of the big kingdoms. I hear that you have to be someone invited before you can even have the qualifications to go up there."

A number of ideas came into Ray's head at that moment but one of them wouldn't work out so well. He thought that maybe he could take one of the VIP members to the side and take them out — and then hide them until the auction was over while transforming using their identity.

But this was sure to cause problems between whoever knew the person, and Ray could imagine the verification process of checking a person was strict science they used a disguise to get in.

"Whoa... So, we finally made it. Looks like this was the right place after all." An annoying voice was heard from behind. That voice spoke quite loudly.

As Bob and Ray turned around, they saw two men.

One was quite a small scrawny looking person but next to him, was a man that had the same presence as a prince. His hair was nearly parted from side to side and although young, he had a sense of maturity around him

But what Ray noticed most, about to the two of them was the marking on their clothing. A bull with a ring around it. They were from the guild the Black Rings. The same group that had caused Ray trouble when they were trying to leave.

"Oh, the Black Rings are here," Bob said, quite surprised. It was normal for people in the kingdom to know of the Black Rings. For they were the biggest and strongest guild in existence.

Looking at the two walking towards their direction, Ray didn't even have to use his dragon eyes. He could tell that the man with that particular sense of maturity around him was the guild leader.

"I can't wait!" The boney man by his side said. "Once we get what we need from this auction those Redwings will be defenseless."

As the two of them continued to walk, they were eventually led upstairs to the VIP area.

When Ray heard what they said… His interest in the VIP Area burned even more. He wanted to know just what was going on in that VIP Area. He needed to be a part of it no matter what.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 367 - The alpha
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Currently, Jack was trapped underneath the Dem mansion. He had been tied up with Galthrium chains that were cuffed to the wall - It was too durable for him to break free. However, as of the moment, the guards including his father, just stood there all the while stunned.

As the mage attempted to attach a contract onto Jack, he was suddenly propelled into the air and sent flying backwards - It was something they had never seen happen before.

"Did the contract fail?!" Russel shouted. "But how is that possible?"

The contract that the mage was about to put onto Jack was a slave contract. Once the magic seal had been created and imported onto the person's body, it would enforce the commands of the owner of the contract on the contractee.

A strange power would dominate their senses and if they tried to resist, they would be met with pain. Disobeying an order was almost impossible, so the use of slave contracts had been banned by most kingdoms.

The seal that they put on him was very difficult to break. The only way to break the links was to find a mage more powerful than the one who had created the seal. With the rarity of mages, and these very people not wanting to get on the bad side of others, this was almost an impossible task.

Right now though, for the first time, the bestowment of a contract seal was unsuccessful. What the others didn't know was it was because Jack was already under a contract - It was more powerful than the one that was attempted to be incorporated in his body.

"Try again. We can't waste anymore." Although the seal was unsuccessful, when the mage had attempted to put on the seal, he felt a little pain in his body. Truthfully, Jack didn't want to feel that again.

This time, the mage opted to move cautiously, step by step, towards Jack.

"What are you doing?" Russell shouted. "Hurry up! He's chained, so he can't do anything to you."

As the mage got closer, Jack continued to pull on the chains. Then slowly, his body was starting to transform. All the while his muscles bulged, swelling beyond a human's capability, fur began to grow on every inch of his skin.

Seeing this, the mage immediately darted out of the room. They had seen creatures like this before, but never a werewolf of this size.

When Jack's transformation was finally completed, he pulled as hard as he could. At that moment, the cuffs that confined him on the wall soon broke.

"My word." Russell said, staring at Jack. "He's an alpha wolf. We have to do everything we can to capture him. He will be worth a fortune!" Russell commanded.

In that instant, four of the yellow knights entered the room. Jack tried to fend them off with his one free hand, but the chain holding down his hand was heavy. Thus, it was hard for him to move as freely as he wanted to.

Jack blocked one of the spears that was thrown at him. However, another one was catapulted, aiming right for his chest. As it landed on his body, it managed to pierce his tough hide. Forthwith, blood began to trickle down from the hole that was made - A totally rare occurrence for Jack.

The weapons that were being used were made from high tier beasts. Furthermore, the knights were no small fries. With each strike, they made sure to utilize their Ki as well.

Seeing the problem he was in, Jack had no choice but to run. Since the chains were removed, he would be able to deal with them easier. Withal, he was presently not in a situation where he could take the time to hesitate. Also, it's most likely that reinforcements are on their way.

He gathered his strength one more time and tugged on his other hand as hard as he could, pulling the chain links and cuff off of the wall.

"The beast is free!" The guard shouted. "We need back up immediately."

Just then, the sound of footsteps running down the stairs resounded in the vicinity. Heeding to Jack's assumption, more guards were called to put him down.

Ignoring the damage that the weapons were inflicting on him, Jack ran forward with his arms held up. As he ran past the knights, several stabbed Jack on both sides of his body. They attempted to pierce his hide. Fortunately for Jack, their attacks weren't deep enough to cause any significant damage.

After a few seconds of struggling, Jack was finally out of his cell. As he looked around, he profusely tried to find a way to his freedom. There were the men coming down from down the stairs, but if possible, he wanted to avoid fighting them.

Still, as Jack observed his surroundings, he noticed that there were several more cells in the dungeon. In addition to that, they weren't empty.

The other cells contained prisoners who all looked like they had been confined for a while. Each of them were tied up in a similar way that Jack was. Some of the appeared to be around the ages of five to eight. Meanwhile, others were middle aged women whose eyes already looked dead.

'Just what is happening here? Who are all these people?" Jack thought, bewildered of his discovery.

The problem was, he couldn't stay just to find out the reason as the guards had already arrived. Now, standing in front of Jack were twelve guards and his father.

"Please, Jack, I don't want to hurt you anymore than I have." Russell said.

"I thought I had arrived back home, but this… this is not home." Jack replied in a snarly voice. The words he said couldn't be quite made out, since he still wasn't used to his large snout as a werewolf.

He then realized that, if the knights had come down the stairs, it meant that there was something that was above them. Finally deciding on what to do, he gathered power and Ki in his legs as he bent down.

Seeing Jack's actions, Russell quickly figured out what he was trying to do, shouting,

"Quick, get him before he escapes!"

Jack then leapt, using all of the strength that he could muster in his leg's, towards the ceiling. At the same time, he transferred the Ki from his legs into his claws. Before, JAck was never able to control his Ki that well, but over the time he spent with Ray, he had slowly gotten used to it.

As of the moment, for a brief time, he had complete control. The strike was powerful as it hit the ceiling, causing it to come tumbling down. Jack did his best to avoid the falling rocks. When the rubble had settled, there was now a large hole that replaced the ceiling.

Again, Jack used his legs to leap out of the hole, and when he landed he was back on the first floor of the mansion.

Without slowing down, he made a break for the exit, smashing straight through the large double doors. He proceeded to continue to run in his werewolf form towards the front gate.

The guards, who emerged from the bas.e.m.e.nt, took chase while the ones from the gate turned around. Now, sprinting on all fours, Jacked picked up his speed. The knights all drew out their spears, pointing it in the direction of the berserking beast.

Nevertheless, just before they could attack, Jack leapt up in the air, jumping over the row of knights and the gate as he rushed to escape on the other side.

"After him! We cannot let him get away!" A voice could be harkened shouting from the mansion. Standing there was Russell with anger plastered on his face.

Jack continued to run, but he knew that if he was to run in his transformed state and enter the busy parts of the town, it would cause trouble and only more people would be on his tail.

There weren't that many options for Jack, since the town was located underground. Moreover, Dem mansion was at the edge of the town, putting him in a perilous spot. He could continue running as he traced the edge of the town where there were less people, or head back into the city where he could blend in, though there were also more knights.

Although, just as Jack was about to run into the direction of the city, a strange hooded man appeared in front of him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 368 - Becoming a VIP
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray surreptitiously continued to watch the VIP section of the auction house. From what he could see— it seemed like each member arriving at the would hand over some kind of a black card to the guards. Once received, the guards would then process the card through a machine.

But before they could even take a step forward to enter, they would be asked to place their hands over some kind of a crystal. Only after these checks were done would they finally be granted permission to enter. As Ray continued to watch...

He saw that many people actually got through the first few checks but it seemed like the final check was far valuable than the prior checks.

The ball would often not light up and if this happened— the person would not be allowed to enter. Seeing the crystal ball not light up brought back bad memories for Ray when he was a child. He remembered when an old mage had told him back then that he would not be able to use magic.

'If only he could see me now...' Ray thought to himself. Strangely enough, the man who had done the testing for him long ago was someone whom he never saw again.

"If you're thinking of beating up one of the VIP members and disguising yourself as them, well don't bother doing it. It's useless." Bob said. "You're not the first person to think of trying that to cheat the system and it's because of people like you that they now have so many security measures."

Ray's conjecture hit the bull's eye. That last crystal method must be some type of registration device for VIP members. Even if Ray used his transformation skill it would be useless.

This meant that he would need to be invited into the VIP area. It was now about time for the normal auction and Ray, along with Bob quickly scurried over to the auction hall. As they entered— they were given a paddle with the number 23 on it.

It was a large hall that currently had about two thousand or so people in it. While on the seating area above them had around fifty members in the VIP section. The normal auction was to take place first and then after they would clear out the regulars to start the VIP bidding.

It was done this way just in case there was an item the VIP members wanted. Before the auction started Ray had one question that he had to ask Bob.

"What happens if a person is unable to pay for the items they bid on?" Ray asked.

"Usually, the item would then go to the second bidder. The first time someone does something like that, they would get a warning. But if it's a repeated offence, I imagine they will be personally dealt with by the Dem family."

Ray didn't want to cause trouble just yet and would only do so before leaving. But if he was forced to cause trouble so early, there was only one thing that he could do.

"How much do you think we would be able to get for that carriage we brought in early today?" He asked.

"That carriage, with its technology… It's most likely priceless. For the minimum, I would say around 2000 gold coins for it."

Hearing that number nearly made Ray jump out of his seat. He remembered the armadillo advanced chest piece that he bought cost him 10,000 coins which was equivalent to one gold piece and he was saying the carriage was worth at least 2000.

Perhaps, once Ray solved the Redwings border problem and opened up it would need to licence this technology, but that wasn't the important thing right now.

The first item was rolled out, and it seemed to be a beautiful woven dress.

White in colour with blue and gold trim along the sides.

"Here we have a beautiful dress that was originally commissioned to be made for the princess of the Cyterian kingdom. However, the princess had gotten too big and she was never able to wear such an eye candy. In the end, it ended up being traded by a few merchants and has now ended up in our hands. This dress is a one of a kind so I will start the bidding high at 5 silver coins!" The auctioneer shouted at the end.

"Five silver and two bronze coins!" A man shouted.

"Five silver and 4." Another female said.

Then suddenly, a voice from the back that came out quite loud said. "1 gold coin." The crowd of people had immediately stopped their bidding and excitement. Someone had just nearly doubled the asking price of the dress. It was a good dress, but it was clear that the person was overpaying for it.

"If there aren't any more offers, then the item will be sold to number 23 at the back!" The item was then wheeled off as the next one was being brought onto the stage.

"I didn't think someone like you would have any need for a dress?" Bob said as he looked to Ray at his side.

"I don't," Ray replied. But after hearing Bob's words, the image of Sylvia wearing the gorgeous dress popped up in his mind for some reason.

The next item that was brought onto the stage this time was a painting. Once again, the man described that it used to be a treasure and had landed in the hands of the auction house in the end. This item had no use for Ray

The bidding started again with a few people raising the price and it eventually got to the price of two coins and then once again.

"2 gold coins!" Ray shouted from the back.

"Looks like we have a big spender here today." The man said as he hit his hammer down on the stand and continued the auction. A few people started to m.o.a.n as the same person seemed to have won the second item.

There was no rule regarding the number of items a person could bid on.

At the end of the day, it belonged to whoever could afford it the most.

"Are you mad? What are you trying to do?!" Bob asked.

"I'm going to get in that VIP room area," Ray replied with a smile.

This was the only thing Ray could think off to get invited into the VIP Area. Perhaps if he was treated as a big spender who had lots of coins to burn then surely, they would invite him. The auction place existed because such a town valued money in the first place.

Right now, Ray had around 100 gold coins on his person. It was given to him by Slyvia after they had raided the Black Ring's Guild and took hold of the chest.

If that wasn't enough then he would use Bob's funds and if even that wasn't enough, he would sell the carriage as a last resort.

But Ray never intended to let the auction house keep this money of his, they would just be keeping it warm for him for now. In short, Ray was letting them hold his money temporarily.

The next set of items were brought on, some being beast crystals, some were potions and weird articles of items. Ray didn't hesitate and managed to buy all of them. Still, even in the auction house— there didn't seem to be a weapon that suited Jack, nor a beast crystal high enough worthy to be crafted and become a weapon for him.

As Ray continued to overpay for items, the crowd started to get rowdier.

"This is no fun!" One said. "If that man just takes everything that we are meant to fight for… This wouldn't be fun anymore! Also, I doubt that he even has a use for those items that he bought. He clearly just came here to show off his wealth!"

A few more agreed with the person and it seemed like all eyes had now turned on Ray and Bob.

It was at this moment that a man in a neat black suit had appeared in the midst.

"I apologize for the interruption, sir. But would you mind going with me somewhere else?" The man asked as he bowed down.

"Why should I? I'm having fun and just buying whatever I like." Ray replied.

"Sir, please I think it will definitely be worthwhile. These items here are nothing compared to what I am willing to offer..." The man said as he pulled out a black card and handed it to Ray.

As Ray looked down at the card, he could see the gold writing on it...

VIP.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 369 - A secret Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The hooded man stood in front of Jack in the middle of the street. He wasn't blocking his path for the street that led back into town was a wide one. But it was clear that the man was trying to stop him from moving forward.

The mansion was located on the outskirts of the town up against the indie of the wall. There weren't many houses stationed around the outskirts. The few buildings that were there were just storage units or another odd house here or there, just a little smaller than the mansion.

This meant there were only two pathways. To continue going around the outskirts and run in circles, or head towards the centre where the town was and right now that was where the man stood.

The sound of angry men's footsteps and armour clanging against them was heard. Jack didn't have time to mess around.

"I'm sorry, but if you get in my way you'll get hurt," Jack said as he was preparing to bulldoze his way past the man.

"Now, is that the way to speak to your little brother now." The hooded man removed his hood to reveal a short brown-haired man. He looked similar to Jack but a little older, but had the same muscular build. The only thing that was quite different was there was a fairly large scar going across his face from the top of his eye down to his lip. Something that wasn't there before.

"We don't have time to catch up right now! Follow me!" Steve said as he lifted his hood and ran towards Jack.

"Hey, wait! Shouldn't we go towards the city?" Jack asked as he noticed Steve was going around the outskirts of the town instead.

"Just listen to your big brother and follow me," Steve commanded.

The two of them continued to run at an incredible speed. They both knew how to utilize Ki in their legs well, the only thing was so did the knights behind them. This had impressed even Jack. It was the first time he had seen an army that was actually capable of using Ki this well and keeping up with him.

"You ready brother," Steve said with a smile as he turned around.

The next second after saying those words. Steve leapt into the air around ten meters in height, while in the air it looked like his body was about to collide with the wall but at the last second he threw out his arm and dug his fist into the wall and held on.

The knights were unable to see what had happened but Jack could. Just before touching the wall, it looked like his hand had transformed into a claw and right now using his claw-like hands he was scaling it at an incredible rate.

This caused a smile to appear on Jack's face. It seemed like his brother was a type of beast as well. Perhaps the same as him. Not only that, but his brother was able to transform only parts of his body. This was something Jack had attempted at but had failed.

Jack attempted to do the same and although he was able to lift himself up quite a distance it was nowhere near the same height as his brothers. He dug his hands into the wall, but rather than using his claws, he jammed his fingers in using the power of his ki.

It had similar results but wasn't as impressive. With the two scaling the walls at a fast speed the knights stopped just below.

"With lost them, although we might have been able to catch up to them on foot, on the wall we're no match for them." The knight said. "Let's report this matter back to mayor as soon as possible."

This wasn't the only reason why they had left. There were many times the knights had chased Steve before. They could have waited for him to come down or followed him along at the side of the wall.

The problem was whenever the knights did this in the past, Steve would always be able to lose them and once that happened they would never see him again unless he wanted to reveal himself.

Jack continued to follow his brother but they had scaled up pretty high along the wall now. As Jack looked behind him he could now see the entire town in view from above.

"Come on slowpoke, we're nearly there," Steve shouted.

The part of the wall they were on was now dark. Most of the lighting was stationed just above the town. While above it there was no light at all. However, as they climbed up JAck could now feel his body slightly leaning back which meant they were getting close to the top of the place.

Then finally a small light could be seen up ahead. His brother disappeared into the light and Jack using his remaining strength hurried as fast as he could. When he reached the light he noticed that it was coming from a hole in the wall.

His arm reached out at the gap and Jack pulled himself into the hole when he stood up he was surprised at what he could see.

"Welcome to what I like to call my home. " Steve said with his arms wide open.

The hole was similar to a cave-like entrance and once through the small part of the entrance, it opened up to a fairly large area. The area was lit up with crystal lamps and also had a small puddle of water in the centre.

But what had shocked Jack most of all was there were other people here besides his brother Steve. There were a couple of teenagers, a boy and a girl. There was also a slightly older woman who seemed to be around fifty years of age. Then finally there were three kids running about inside the cave.

Although they were living in a cave, the place was quite nicely decorated. They had normal beds that were just as good as any other of the inns. And it looked like they even had a food area in one of the corners. This was where the older woman was. She was currently cutting up vegetables and seemed to be boiling something.

However, as soon as they heard Steve speak those words. Every single one of them stopped what they were doing and turned to look at Jack.

"Did you manage to save another one?!" A little girl said as she ran over to see who was the new person he had brought over.

The three little kids who looked to be around the ages of 6 and 7 were the first to come running over to Jack.

"Now, now this is someone who is very special to me so treat him well," Steve said with a small smile, "It's my little brother Jack."

"You mean your real brother?" The young girl asked. The little girl seemed braver than the others, as the two teenagers chose to watch from a distance and the two kids were hiding behind the girl as she got closer to Jack.

Jack looked down on the cute little girl, who had black hair that was tied up in a bun and big eyes. "What's your name little one?" Jack asked as he smiled and bent down to her height.

"My name's Rachel." She said as she smiled back excited. That's when Jack could hear the sound of wind being pushed. Then he noticed something just behind Rachel. It was a tail.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 370 - The real auction begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The black VIP card had convinced Ray, and it seemed like his plan had worked. He followed the strange suited bald headed man back out of the auction house. Ray was then led to a separate room that was located on the same floor.

It seemed like they had done this type of thing before, as the room looked like it was prepared beforehand. As they entered the room, there were several yellow guarded knights inside as well as equipment on display.

The equipment was encased behind glass tubes. While in the centre the item would be shown. At first, it looked impressive and just from Bob's reaction he could tell they were meant to be impressive.

"This is the lost legendary fighting arts…. And this is the legendary Phoenix stone." Bob continued to go up to each item and stare at them behind the glass like he was a kid in the candy shop.

But Ray knew straight away something was up.

"They're fake." Said Ray. Such legendary and expensive items wouldn't be left in a space just outside the auction house. And although there seemed to be a lot of guards inside the room, there wasn't enough for this type of thing. Even the captain that had been seen earlier who was the strongest Ray had seen wasn't in the room.

But the biggest giveaway from Ray was their aura. When using his dragon eyes skill, such powerful weapons would usually have an aura with them, but these didn't.

"Oh, looks like someone has a keen eye. Perhaps you aren't a silverfish after all." the bald man said.

"Silver fish?" Ray replied.

The man then sat down in a seat just in front of a table, while pointing towards another for both Bob and Ray to sit down in as well.

"A silver fish is someone who we refer to as someone who is a type of imposter. They come to the auction house and pretend to have all this wealth bidding for the items, in the end, they fail to pay and the item goes to the second highest bidder.

"You see the problem is sometimes people hire silver fish. If someone bidded 4 silver, then the next person five then suddenly the silverfish bidded 1 gold coin what do you think would happen? The other two bidders would drop out immediately never planning to go that high. Now here's the problem, when we find out the silver fish is a fake and we give the item to the second highest bidder we lose out on money. If the two were to continue bidding without the silverfish then maybe they would have gone up to 8 silvers or so.

"This is a tactic that has been used by a few in the past, so I hope you are not a silver fish."

Ray then held out his palm in front revealing there was nothing inside. He then turned it upside down and activated his endless void skill. He did it in a way that the others were unable to see the endless void open up.

Suddenly, gold coins started to drop from the palm of his hand one by one, they continued to pile up until around 50 or so golden coins were out on the table. Which easily covered for his purchases inside the auction house so far.

Seeing this amount of money fall from Ray's hands like a magic trick both Bob and the bald man were in shock.

'If he had this much money, then why didn't he just barbie the guard at the town before?" Bob thought.

Unknowing to him that Ray had tried that and miserably failed.

"Well, I don't think we need to ask any more questions." The bald headed man snapped his fingers and in came a mage wearing yellow robes. In his hand he held a crystal ball. The ball was placed on the table where Ray sat along with the card.

"All you need to do is place your hand on both the card and the crystal ball. It will register your magical or Ki pattern into the Ball and link it onto the card. Every pattern is unique to each individual. Once linked the ball will only light up if the registered person is holding onto the guard and ball. This is all for your safety and no harm will come to you." The bald headed man explained.

Ray did as asked. He wasn't too afraid of the whole thing being a trap. So far the system had been quite reliable even if it was made by that Witch. IT always warned him if something bad was going to happen.

The process didn't take long and was complete. He was given a gold card and some of the rules were explained to him. Just as Bob was allowed to bring one guard inside with him. Ray would be allowed two to the VIP part of the auction.

He wouldn't be allowed to attend today's one as they needed his time to register in the system, but auctions were done daily, and he assured Ray that the best items came through here.

"So about these items, why display fake ones?" Ray asked.

"All these items at some point had originally passed through the auction house. Replicas were made before they were sold off and these items were kind of the pride of the place." The bald man explained. "Anyway, if you want, there's still time for you two to catch the end of the auction, and now that I know you are not a Silverfish. Feel free to bid on whatever takes your fancy."

With that all done, Ray and Bob were led out of the room and back into the auction house. The group of people were surprised to see them return after being taken out like that. Many of them were regulars and when a person was taken out, not many returned.

They knew this meant that Ray really was the real thing.

Ray had already achieved his goal of being invited to the VIP area. He no longer needed to waste his gold and was now just watching to see if the last few items would catch his eye.

While doing so Bob was looking at Ray in a different light after what he had just seen. At first, he thought that perhaps Ray was just some brute, a strong Adventurer but that didn't seem to be the case.

'How did he get so much gold, Who is this guy?' Bob thought. He started to think about Ray and it was even strange he had such an advanced carriage. It now made sense why he also would have so much gold. But if he was someone famous and had this much wealth. Then Bob was sure he should have heard or seen his face somewhere.

But when looking at him, there was nothing that came into his mind.

"Ladies and gentleman, it has been a wonderful evening tonight, but I'm afraid that the auction must come to an end as always. But as usual, we leave a certain event right to the end." As the announcer said these words, Ray could see some of the men and women rubbing their hands or licking their lips. Just what was about to come on stage.

"Let us begin tonight's Slave auction!"

On stage, walked on ten chained up slaves. They were the same group of people that Ray had seen outside and it included the girl that he had saved previously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 371 - What happned below the mansion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the fairly large cavern, Jack was currently being led around by the hand by Rachel. For some reason, she had taken a liking to Jack and was currently giving him a tour around the place.

"Over there—Aunty Suzy does all the cooking for us." She said as she introduced Jack to the gentle-looking older women. They bowed down and allowed Jack to take a quick look before heading over to the next place.

"And over here is where we sleep, everyone sleeps together because we are one big family!" She shouted. "Although, some of us do have nightmares when we sleep despite the fact that we're so close to each other when we sleep," Rachel explained.

While she continued to show Jack around the place, there was one thing he couldn't stop looking at. It was the fact she had a tail and it was constantly wagging it from side to side. But Rachel seemed so excited it was hard for him to interrupt her and ask about it.

Steve and the others watching Jack's confused look on his face and while dragged around were giggling at him.

"Are you going to tell your brother the truth then?" Leaning against one of the cavern walls was a teenage boy around the age of seventeen.

Although he looked more like an adventurer ready to go into battle at any second than a teenager for he was covered in beast gear and had a dagger attached around his waist.

"Zinc, I will tell him the same thing as I told the rest of you," Steve replied. "Unfortunately, unlike you guys, it will be a lot harder for him. He didn't grow up going through all of it so he might find it hard to accept. The fact that I caught him running away from the mansion though tells me that he may have discovered something."

Finally, Rachel had led Jack to an area that was fairly open. It was well-lit and it looked like many of the cavern's stalagmites had been removed to make room for something.

As Jack got closer, he noticed that on the floor and the sides of the cavern wall were several claw marks as well as craters that looked quite old, with some new ones mixed in were in the area.

"And finally, the last place, our training area." Rachel said proudly.

"Training area?" Jack replied confused.

Just then, Steve had come over and started to pat Rachel on the back to head back and play with the other kids. "Come along now, I still haven't told Jack about this place. Still, good job on showing him around everywhere."

Before leaving though Rachel turned around and looked up at Steve as if she was expecting something.

"Oh, sorry almost forgot," Steve said as he patted and rubbed her head, causing her cheeks to flush. She then quickly ran off and join with the other kids.

"She's a good kid," Steve said. "They all are... Well, I think it's about time I explained to you what's going on with her and why this place even exists."

"Yeah, I'm kinda confused myself. Mom said you decided to become an adventurer."

A painful look struck on Steve's face as he heard these words. "So it looks like you are still calling them mother and father huh, I guess I have to go explain everything from the beginning then."

The two of them went over to where the bedding area was. In the area was a small wooden desk. Again, Jack found it strange that all the equipment in the cave was quite modern. It was a mixture of top of the line equipment inside a cave which didn't quite match the atmosphere.

But when thinking about how his brother was able to scale the walls easily and how high up, they were here, he could only think of one thing... His brother had brought all of these items from the town up into this cave.

"First, I think its best if you tell me what happened in the mansion, and then— I can tell you my story," Steve asked.

Jack went on the explain the details and events of what happened in the mansion. But even after hearing everything that Jack had said, Steve didn't look so surprised at all upon hearing the nitty-gritty bits of the story.

"Jack, I'm afraid that what happened to you has happened to all of us here," Steve said in a painful voice. "As you have guessed, I am a werewolf just like you, Jack. And the same can be said for every single one of us in this room."

Now, Jack finally understood why Rachel had a tail. Keen to know more, Jack decided not to interrupt Steve.

"There is a big difference between us and you though. For you see, I discovered my powers at the age of three. Our father and mother told me to keep it a secret from you and everyone else. And like a good son would— I agreed. When you turned five and was accepted into Avrion everyone was pleased including me.

"But the day you left Jack… Was the worst day off my life. That night when I went to sleep, I woke up in the same underground cell as you… To my surprise, though I wasn't alone there were others down there as well.

"I later found out that they all carried the same blood as me, the blood of a beast. I then saw our so-called father with the other horrible things down there. The male werewolves would be sold off at the auction house, while the female werewolves would be kept underground, for breeding purposes.

"I— like the other male wolves was sold off to some rich noble." As Steve said this he touched the scar that was across his face. "My owner wasn't a good one and liked to inflict pain on others for pleasure. What would be better than a beast that seemed to magically heal every day, right?"

"As days went past though, I was saved one day. Turns out we were not the only werewolves out there. I was never able to go against my owner due to the contract but once he was killed, I was set free."

They offered me their hand and took me to a place where there were even more of us. As I stayed there, they trained me, taught me how to use my abilities and how to fight."

"Then why did you return here?" Jack asked.

Steve then looked over at the other people inside the cavern. "It turns out they weren't as great as I thought. Just like the humans had werewolves as our slaves, they had done the same using humans as a food source. Some of them were guilty of crimes but some of them weren't. I even found out that those werewolves knew of this place for a while now, they would even often come here to purchase those human slaves…"

"Seeing that they were no different. I decided to come back and make a change. I wanted to save everyone in that mansion and bring down father. The only problem was in the time that I had gone, he had obtained a vast amount of wealth and gained strength in the yellow knights…"

"So, I tried saving them one by one, the easiest way— was to get them on the way to the auction, or just as they were being taken from underneath the Dem household. The people around you were all saved by me."

After finding out the truth of what his family had been doing for the last few years Jack fell silent. If it was anyone else telling him this story, he would have disregarded it. But because the story came from his brother, and what he had experienced himself matched with the story. He knew that it was true.

"I just have one question to ask?" Jack said. "Why didn't they sell me, why did they let me go?"

"That dear brother— is a question that can only be answered by your father and mother."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 372 - What to do?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The slaves were slowly brought onto the stage one by one. The woman that Ray had helped earlier was looking a lot better. Although Mana couldn't be used to match the nutrients of food, it could definitely make someone energized and make them feel better.

Without food, the body and the cells that make up the body wouldn't function and work properly, so what Ray had done was just a temporary measure. As for the others on the stage, they didn't fare any better. A crowd of a.d.u.l.ts and teenagers were on the stage, and at the dark reaches of the stage— there was even an entire family.

The sight didn't make sense to Ray. He couldn't understand it.

Just what crime could a whole family have committed that they would be forced into such a situation like this?

"Um, Sir," Bob nervously called out to Ray. After seeing what he had done outside of the auction, Bob was already picturing the worst in his head. "Please I beg you not to cause an uproar while we're inside the auction house. Not just for my own sake of course… but for yours as well. If you cause a disturbance here the whole town will be against you."

"Worry not, rest assured," Ray replied. "It's none of my business what you try to do with each other. They are not my friends, they are not my family either— so there is no need to help them."

Although Ray had said these words, it didn't do much to calm down Bob. In fact, at this moment, he was even a little confused. If Ray wasn't concerned about the humans or what has happened to the slaves, then why did he choose to step in earlier?

The bidding had started for the slaves and they were to be sold one by one. As their names were called, they would step forward and the auction would begin. The first person to be picked was the long-haired brown girl that Ray had saved.

As he saw her step forward onto the stage, Ray could sense the fear in her heart, worse, he could even see it. At this moment his dragon eyes were showing him the little energy she had was flickering backwards and forward. The aura surrounding her body even looked frightened.

"The auction is now. The preliminary price is at 4 silver coins!" The man said.

Hearing these words made Ray feel sick for some reason. Putting a price on human life was disgusting enough, but this girl even had a price that was less than the price of a painting or a dress, it was sickening and disturbing.

"4 silver and 2 bronze!" A man shouted as he licked his lips.

"4 silver and 6 bronze!" A woman shouted in the distance.

The auction continued to go up and eventually, a fairly old-looking man currently had the highest bid at 6 silver coins.

"Is there no one else who wishes to bid any higher?" The announcer asked.

When looking at the man, the female could see a creepy smile. She shivered at the thought of being sold to such a person. Then, just above the old man at the back of the room, her eyes had managed to meet Ray's.

It was the person who had saved her outside, she was never expecting him to bid for her, but she was glad before she was sold away someone had actually treated her like a decent human being.

Ray could see this… He could see the deep fear in her heart when looking at the old man and it was being reflected in her eyes.

As Ray saw this a thought came into his head. "Didn't Slyvia say we needed more people for the city? Ah yes, I think she did. If I was to buy them all, then it would be good for the Redwing Kingdom."

Ray quickly sent a message to Slyvia explaining that some slaves were going to be sold off and whether it was okay to use some of the funds to purchase them.

Back in the kingdom, Slyvia was currently taking a rest in her room, she had been busy these past few days with a lot of everything going on at the same time. But she was instantly revitalized seeing a message from Ray.

And when reading the contents, she was even more pleased. To be honest, the Kingdom needed all the money that they could keep— but she knew that Ray's task was an important one. Furthermore, at the end of the day, all of these belonged to him, so she happily lent him the funds.

After hearing what he wanted to spend the funds on, how could she have the heart to say no? It seemed like Ray was changing and she wanted to help him in that process.

But what she didn't know was that Ray had been using the funds in a leisurely manner before all of these. The only reason why he asked was that he felt somewhat guilty. He felt like he needed a reason to use the funds.

After receiving permission from Sylvia to go ahead and use the remainder of his funds.

Just before the announcer was about to slam his mallet down on the podium...

Ray raised his paddle with the number 23.

"8 silvers," Ray said.

When the audience turned around and saw who it was, they all let out a sigh. At this point, they all knew it was going to be tough going against the big spender. Even the old man had given up the idea of purchasing the girl.

The girl's eyes lit up when she saw who had made the final bid. She had no idea what had happened before, but it looked like no one wanted to go against Ray's bid.

She thought that he was perhaps just an adventurer passing through the town. But at the same time, she started to have her own doubts as to why had Ray helped her so much.

She knew not to trust people so easily as people tend to have illicit and bad thoughts when it came to slaves.

But for now, she planned to enjoy this moment, for once— she wanted to believe that perhaps there was someone out there that did good deeds out of the kindness of their heart.

The female was taken off to the side away from the stage, and the next slave was brought forward.

He seemed to be a teenage boy.

At this point, Ray already raised his paddle once more before the announcer had even said anything.

"I would like to purchase all of the slaves for one gold coin each, if anyone has a complaint or wishes to pay for more for one then please do continue."

It didn't take long for the announcer to make his decision. When he saw that no one else planned on going against the baller. He slammed down his mallet once again.

"Dillan, Go prepare the slaves for this fine gentleman immediately." He shouted.

A percentage of the earnings made from the auction house that day went towards him, and it had been a long time since he had met a big spender like this.

The auction was finally over and Ray, along with Bob were guided over to another area to collect their items. Ray allowed Bob to take the things that seemed unimportant to him and send them to the storage unit they were using for the carriage.

The real problem though was what to do with the slaves. A mage appeared and handed over ten pieces of paper with a magic circle on them. The pieces of paper had the names of the slaves written on its surface and what appeared to be a fingerprint made of blood on the bottom.

All of the contracts were handed to Ray. The mage, then held onto Ray's hand and a new magical circle seal was pressed onto the top corner of the contract.

"These are all yours now, esteemed customer." The mage said.

Ray stood there staring at the ten slaves, he pondered. Just what should he do with them?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 373 - Ten Problems
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Ray walked through the town from the auction house, the row of slaves were still following him from behind. They no longer wore the chains and cuffs they had before, but they were still in their tattered clothing from before, and most of them didn't have the best appearance.

"I took the cuffs off them, so why aren't they doing what they want?" Ray asked Bob, who still followed him around. Even he was thinking why was he still following Ray, was he allowed to leave. He always felt too afraid that Ray might do something.

"Um sir, you are in charge of their contract. They must follow you if they do not do as you ask, their seal will cause them immense pain." Bob replied. "Even if you were to not give them orders, what would they do? The magical circle crest is proof that they were slaves. Nobody will accept them for work for fear they would anger their owner.

"And most of them do not have the skills to survive on their own. So if you are to leave them be, they will die a cruel death."

Although Bob was happy to explain things, he found it strange that Ray was unable to understand something as simple as this. Did he not think beforehand?

Ray was currently heading off to the Del mansion to pick up Jack but while doing so a message appeared in front of him. It was short but simple.

[Don't go to Del's mansion; it's not safe. Will explained that when I met you to tell you this. Find a place to stay for the night. Don't worry, I am safe.]

Jack had sent the message but the information inside didn't come as too much of a surprise. After all the Del's were running the city. Which meant they either had a hand in what was going on in the auction house or at least turning a blind eye to what was going on.

With the information received and the lights inside the town starting to dim. Ray could guess that the end of day is near.

"It's best if we find an inn for the night. There is a curfew in this town. When the lights are gone, people must remain indoors." said Bob.

On Bob's guidance, they managed to find an inn fairly quickly. There were plenty of choices but most of the inns were at a high standard. In fact, Ray found it hard to call them inns. Everything was spectacular inside, just like the town.

Marble flooring as they entered and several workers stationed behind the desk. There even seemed to be a restaurant off to the side that acted in a calm manner as people drank.

This was not the type of Inn Ray was used to. Where was the loud music and cheering? The bar brawls and the messy floors.

"I would like a room for all of us here tonight," Ray said as he pointed at the group behind him.

Immediately a man who was wearing a type of suit came out from behind rubbing his hands. Within his eyes, there was gold like sparkle.

'Are all people this hungry for money?' Ray thought.

"Welcome sir, I am the manager here, would you like an individual room for each person. This way you can get a nice and peaceful rest for the night."

Bob could tell the manager was trying to make the most out of the situation but didn't say anything. It was taboo to ruin another man's business even if it was dark and shady.

Ray didn't like showing off his dimensional void too much, especially in front of others when bringing out his coins. This was because of Slyvia's orders. She said it would be best to keep up the perception of a warrior adventurer who was unable to use magic for as long as possible.

"Just a single large room will do," Ray replied.

"That will be one coin, sir.'

Again the man was overcharging Ray, but he didn't know any better, the place was stunning and it wouldn't come as a surprise to Ray that it would cost more to stay in a place like this compared to others.

It was a problem, Ray hadn't struggled with money for a while now, and he was starting to lose his touch with the true value of the coin. To him, it was all fake anyway. It was just silver or gold, a rare metal. The value was then set by the kingdoms just so they could keep people in line.

It never really did make much sense to him.

Once they found out he was a type of mage, perhaps many would try to recruit him into their army. So instead, Ray carried a little pouch around his waist. Before pulling out the coins from the pouch, he took out the black VIP card first.

"You're a VIP member of the auction house." The manager said with a shocked look in his eyes, I'm very sorry, you don't need to give me anything. We will prepare one of our best rooms for you immediately." He said as he scurried away and started to shout at some workers.

The room was large and vast and looked similar to a Queen's chamber. Shiny objects, grand paintings and several rooms, including many bathrooms. There was even food already prepared for Ray, and the others set out on the table.

The slaves looked around at the room in disbelief. They were still unsure of just what was happening to them. Why did this single person buy all of them? Did he need an army to fight for him?

Or maybe they would slug the rest of their days slugging building a wall or working on a farm. This wasn't a problem, these were normal jobs. However, the difference between a slave and a worker was slaves weren't paid for their hard work.

They weren't given the freedom to rest when they needed to, and couldn't use the money earned to buy what they needed. Instead, they were given basic scarps, and if one of them were to pass away due to lack of strength of nutrients, they would be replaced the next day.

Right now, the slaves were fairly hungry, they had only been given these scraps as food during their transportation, from when they were caught all the way to the auction house. The grand food on the dining table looked appetizing to them. There was no chance for Ray to finish all the food that was prepared.

Perhaps, if they were lucky, Ray might allow them to share a single plate.

"What are you all dribbling for?" Said Ray. "If you're hungry go eat. Take a bath when you can as well, and there should have been some clothes prepared for you when you want."

With that said, Ray left the main room to head into the master room which was specifically for him and he closed the door behind him.

"Is he serious?" the others started to say.

"This has to be a trick, once we take a bite of food he will execute one of us. To show us our place and never disobey us again." Another said.

"He is very serious." Said Bob. "Trust me, I don't understand that guy much more than you do, but if he says you can eat and free to do what you want, then he means it."

The slaves were still hesitant to act. Bob seemed to not be a slave but working with Ray and perhaps was in on the scheme.

The first one to act though, not needing much time to think was the girl that Ray had initially saved outside of the auction as well during the auction. Her name was Katy. She sat down at the dining room table and immediately ripped a chicken leg off.

"Delicious!" She said with a smile and the others soon quickly joined her.

As all the slaves started to sit down and eat, the door leading to Ray's room was slightly open. Allowing him to see into the dining room hall. Now Ray could happily close his eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 374 - Know who you work for
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"This is the best night of my entire life," the young boy said, looking up at his parents. Before the by was covered in filth, his hair was messy and untidy, and his face looked miserable. There were still several bruise marks over his body. Still, just the shower and new clothes made him look like a completely different person.

The smile on his face even warmed up his parent's hearts. Bob, who had been looking after the slaves and seemed to find everything an annoyance, was starting to have a smile on his face.

"Is this real happiness," Bob said. Before Bob had only cared about money as a merchant and he only used it for himself and no one else. He never realised how much difference a shower and meal meant to these people were.

Some of them had never had a warm bath in thier life, and right they felt like royalty. Still, there was the big question on everyone's mind, just who was Ray. He was not just wealthy like other merchants, it seemed like he had even more wealth than them.

Katy had even noticed at the front desk, when Ray was asking for rooms at the inn, thier treatment of him was different. She wanted to ask, but there was no way she could overstep herself as a slave. She knew her place, she was just to do as asked, and if they were treated like this, she felt like she could live a happy life.

Ever since Ray had entered his room, he never left to check up on the slaves. Each of them were given thier own rooms to share to sleep for the night. Before going to sleep, several of them cried. They just couldn't believe what was happening.

Even if it was a trick, to experience one day like this before, possibly dying was a dream come true. For all of them, it was the best night sleep they had ever had.

The next day had arrived, and the morning sun was out. Ray had recived no more messages from Jack. It was still early, so Ray felt like Jack would message him when he needed him. He could rely on Jack for that at least.

Today, Ray had a different goal. It was to enter the auction has as a VIP member. There were a couple of things he wanted, a new weapon for Jack, equipment for himself or those close to him and also to find out just what was in those metal containers.

As soon as Ray had left the room, he could see all the slaves standing there in there new clothes. They all had huge smiles on thier faces. "Good morning, master." they all said as they bowed down.

Bob looked at them proudly. He had been working all morning waiting for Ray to wake up and see his work. Originally, it wasn't Bob's idea but Katy. She had come up to him, asking if there was anything they needed to do for thier new owner, she insisted that she wanted to help.

Thus Bob had come up with this, drilling in the proper manner and way to greet one in a high position. It was challenging work, as many of them had bad habits, but it just made it that much more rewarding when he saw the result.

However, Ray wasn't exactly pleased. Seeing this had brought back some memories of when Jack was in charge of the Redwings.

"These call me master, and the others call me boss. What is with these people?" Ray thought, confused.

Katy stepped forward from the row of slaves and saluted. "Is there anything you would like us to do for you today master."

Last night Ray had thought about what to do with the slaves. Especially after Bob had given him some advice. Finally, Ray had come up with a plan.

He walked up to Katy and placed his hand on her.

[Would you like to break the contract?]

[Yes]

A few moments later, and the magic circle with the slave crest started to light up on her neck. There was a little pain, but then, the mark had completely disappeared.

The others were unable to stay in line that had been drilled into them. The shock was too great.

"What happened?" One of the slaves asked.

A contract could only be placed by a mage, and for one to be able to create contract in the first place required great magical power. But the most shocking thing was what Ray had done in breaking it completely.

It meant one thing. Ray had more magical power than the mage that had made the crest.

Ray then grabbed Katy by the hand and placed a single gold coin in it. This time, completing the transaction smoothly. A smile appeared on his face as he was proud he had accomplished what he couldn't before.

"I have broken the slave contract seal. You are no longer bound to anyone. Use the money however you wish to, change your life. Live on."

Katy looked at the shiny gold coin. She couldn't believe what she was holding onto. This single amount was enough for her to live for years without working. It wasn't a huge amount for merchants and adventures but for regular people like her. It would take her a lifetime to save up a fortune like this.

She was too in shock to say anything, and before she realised, she should have at least said thank you. Ray had already broken the seal of everyone there and given each person a golden coin.

"What a fool!" Bob thought, but even he was smiling as he looked at the delighted faces of the people.

As Ray was about to leave the room to head to the auction house. Katy called out to him.

"Wait!" She immediately got down on one knee, with her head bent downward. "Please, I don't know who you are, but I want to serve you, help you. You can't just give us all of this, do all of this for us and go away without saying a word." As she spoke these words, tears had filled her eyes, and the same had happened to the people behind.

Suddenly, the other people behind, they too had gotten down on one knee. "Please master, let us pay back this debt. We can work on the farm, anything. Meeting you has changed our lives."

Eventually, all ten of the slaves had knelt down.

This action had surprised him. Ray had expected something like this to happen if he was to only break the seal. This was why he decided to also give them the money to set them free. Enough money to start a new life in a different town or city away from everything.

"As I said, you are all free and can do as you wish. If you wish to serve me, then that is your choice as well." Ray replied. "But, before you decide your future like this, it is only fair that you know who you will be serving. If you change your mind, then I do not blame you."

The others, gulped as they heard Ray say these words. He had a serious tone. They knew there might be a risk to working for someone who knew of this town. Many who visited or knew about this place weren't good people in the outside world.

"My name is Ray Talen, leader of the Red wings and King of the Red wing kingdom, I guess." The other's eyes widened hearing this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 375 - Learning control
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Spending a night in the cave wasn't as bad as Jack initially thought. He realised he had spent a lot of his time in dark places and caves ever since being with Ray. It never seemed to bother him as much as the others, but now when he thought about it, it made sense.

The town where he grew up was underground after all, so it was a no brainer that he never felt fear or anxiety when going underground. Furthermore, the children tried to make Jack's stay as comfortable as possible.

The kids shared a bed while allowing Jack to have a whole bed to himself. He felt a little awkward, but due to his size, there was really no other choice. It didn't take long though for Jack to fall into a deep sleep.

He didn't even know when it had happened, it just did.

He was far too worn out about the events that had gone on today.

Waking up to a warmly smell coming from the kitchen area, it reminded Jack of old times when his mother used to cook him dishes and meals. An image of her smile appeared in his mind.

Looking around and noticing Jack was still in the cave, he quickly realised that the events that had happened yesterday were not a dream.

"What's wrong?" the middle-aged woman said as she handed Jack over a bowl of soup.

"Nothing, all of these just reminds me of home," Jack replied. He really was troubled though, not knowing what to believe. Was everything that happened when he was younger fake? If so, why did they send him off, when they tried to sell his brother off?

A system message suddenly appeared, and it turned out it was from Ray.

[Messenger Ray: I will be heading off to the auction house again today. If you need anything let me know, or you can meet me there.]

It was short and sweet, and it didn't seem like Ray was in a rush to leave the town just yet which was good news for Jack. Although this whole trip was for Jack to see his parents in the first place the whole thing had taken a strange turn.

After everyone had finished eating, it seemed like the two teenagers including the three kids started to head off to the open area of the cave, where there was no furniture or equipment. The same place Jack had seen several scratches and craters.

As they went over, they grabbed their weapons and equipment and started to line up.

"Care to join us for some training?" Steve asked as handed over what looked like a basic beast weapon.

Jack took the weapon and followed Steve over to the training area. The two teenagers and four kids were lined up straight and disciplined. It was indeed a strange sight— seeing people so young already starting such training.

Even Jack, never did intense training at the academy until later on, and only learn in theory beforehand.

"As you know, there are still many of our kind trapped in this town." Steve started to explain. "I know some of you wish to stay to help save the others, but this training is not for you to join in the fight, but to protect yourselves when you leave this place, or if I ever disappear."

"Is Steve leaving us…?" One of the kids said.

"No, he's not leaving us," Rachel replied. "He just saying sometimes he might have jobs that go on for a few days, or maybe one day he has to go back to his family." Rachel winked towards Steve direction as she said these words.

Even though she was only 6 and the same age as the others. She seemed to understand the situation better and often looked after the other kids.

"Good I'm glad you understand," Steve replied. "Today, I will leave Zink and Claire in charge of your training, I must personally see the skills of Jack here."

The two teenagers walked forward and started to mentor the two kids, while Jack and Steve walked off to the side, not too far from where the others were training.

Although Zink and Claire had taken over, they weren't really doing much in terms of training and the same could be said for the kids as well. This was because they were far more interested in the strength of Jack, their newest family member.

Zinc and Claire had set it up so they could see both Jack and Steve from their side.

"How's the weapon?" Steve asked.

Jack gripped the weapon hard and swung it up hard, and at the same time placed his forearm outward, slamming it into his other hand. The blade completely snapped in half and there wasn't a single scratch on Jack.

"Hey, hey... Those weapons aren't easy to get you, you know? when you're hiding in the Cave. You could have just said something." Steve complained. "But I have to say, I didn't realise you were already this strong. Even while in human form basic weapons don't hurt you anymore."

The kids seeing this were stunned, they had never seen a human shatter a beast weapon just with their skin before. Even if his skin was hard enough, the power needed to break the weapon on contact as well needed to be sufficient as well.

They had expected Jack to be quite impressive, especially since he was there leader's brother, but not as impressive as this.

"Well, the weapons are useless, let's try something else then," Steve said.

Steve then took a fighting stance, he was in a slightly crouched position and had both of his arms wide open. Slowly, his arms started to turn. Fur could be seen growing on top of them, he was transforming.

But there was something different about his transformation compared to Jack's... it was the fact that only his arms and transformed and nothing else.

"Go on then, it's not going to be a fair fight if only I transform," Steve said.

Jack looked slightly embarrassed as he replied. "I only know how to completely transform though."

"Seriously?" Steve said with a concerned look on his face. He was wondering how Jack had managed to make it so far. A complete transformation took an enormous amount of energy. Surely after fighting in a state of complete transformation state one would be drained out of their energy and would no longer be capable of any further fighting.

In a way, it was a double-edged sword or a last stand type of thing. Only transforming part of a body would give the extra strength and defensive without taking up a huge amount of stamina.

"Looks like you have a lot to learn little brother."

Steve then went over to Jack's side and explained the process and feeling. Stating that if Jack knew how to control Ki, then he should have a better understanding of how to control his werewolf powers as well.

The problem was, Jack had only just started to learn how to utilize his Ki better, so it was taking him a while to get a grasp on the whole concept.

Steve had explained that inside Jack, he should be able to sense two types of different energy, his Ki energy and then even deeper down, a red firey type of energy. Just like Ki, he needed to grasp the feeling of that energy and move it around his body.

At first, just transforming and recognising the feeling of energy moving around the body should be enough.

Jack continued to transform in and out, from being a full werewolf to being human. Once again, the others including Steve were quite shocked at this. Jack didn't look like them when he was a werewolf, his whole body structure was slightly larger and even more muscular as well.

Rather, then saying anything to Jack about this Steve decided to keep quiet.

Eventually, Jack had run out of energy after constantly going in and out of his transformed state.

Needless to say, going in and out of his transformation several times was tiring.

As the two of them sat down and rest, Jack wanted to ask a few questions of his own about being a werewolf, hoping that Steve would be able to shed some light. He was already learning a lot from his brother and it had only been a few hours.

"I wanted to ask you about consuming other beasts," Jack said. "Do we get stronger from eating other beasts?" Jack asked.

Once again. Steve looked at Jack in a strange way. "There were rumours when I was with the other werewolves who tried to consume beasts to grow stronger, but they quickly stopped releasing it did nothing to them. Even I tried it and it seemed to have no effect. Although, there was one person who continued to do it... "

"It was the leader back then. None of us knew why but he also consumed the beasts he killed. I guess it just became some type of ritual."

While explaining this to Jack, Steve was questioning why Jack was even asking this in the first place. At the same time, Jack was equally confused. He could feel that he had gotten stronger after eating the king tier beast.

While on their journey and Ray not looking at him, Jack had consumed other lower-level beasts, but it seemed to have no effect. Was the harpy just that special or did he need to consume stronger beasts?

There was also another option, that Jack was different from the others, but he himself didn't want to believe that. He had already lost one family and he didn't want to lose another, he didn't want to be different.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 376 - Take the kids
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once Jack had rested up for a bit, the training continued between him and Steve. It still took a while for Jack to have a grasp at things, but for once, he managed to do something.

The kids, including Steve, had frozen in place for it was something they hadn't seen before.

"Well, that's new?' Steve said, looking at Jack.

Standing in front of him was Jack, his snout was out large and wide, his fur still covered his entire body. The wagging of his tail swinging side to side could be felt from behind. When looking at his hands, one was large and clawed while the other... well the other hand was completely human.

"This was not the result I was expecting," Steve said, slapping his hand against his forehead.

Jack was trying to only turn only his hand into werewolf form, instead though he had managed to achieve the opposite result. Turning his whole body apart from his right hand. It was impressive in a way, how little and at the same time how much control it seemed like he had.

Without realising it, they had spent more time training than they usually would have.

"Alright, everyone. We shall end the training there for today." Steve said.

The kids dropped thier weapons on the ground and quickly ran off to play with each other. While the two teens were left to clean up after them.

"I guess they're still kids after all," Jack said.

Carefully, Jack continued to watch the kids in the cave, they were currently playing a game of tag with each other. It wasn't your ordinary game of tag. At least not for people around the ages of six and seven.

While playing, the kids would often transform both thier legs and arms into part werewolf. It gave them more agility and the ability to move faster all over the place.

'They have so much control over thier transformation. Am I just slow or have these kids been practising for a long time, Jack thought.

Watching them play remind him of the training the black knights would often do back at Avrion academy. The speed and skill were nearly at the same level, only the knights were a lot older than the kids.

After playing widely for a while, the kids seemed to grow a little tired and also grew bored. The game of tag was the only thing they really could play in the cave day in and day out.

While in the cave, Jack went around, deciding if there was anything he could do to help. He asked the teenagers, the older women and even the kids. Soon though, he realised that the kids had a frown on thier face as they set on thier beds looking at the floor.

"What's wrong?" Jack asked.

"We're bored!" one of the boys with spikey hair shouted.

"Don't say that." Rachel said as she hit the boy on the back of the head. "You know what Steve went through to get us here."

That's when Jack started to think. He didn't know how long the kids had been in the cave, but they had nothing to do, and no one to interact with. No wonder they were happy to see him when he had come in.

From behind, footsteps could be heard, and when Jack turned, he was surprised to see his body.

"I tell you what. Today is a special day." Steve said. "Why don't you guys all go out together with Jack and buy something nice for yourselves."

"Yay!" the kids shouted as they jumped off thier beds and cheered.

"Is that really okay?" Jack asked.

"Of course it is, I usually take them out once a week. It would be bad for them to stay cramped up in this place. There's no problem moving the schedule ahead, especially with some extra hands around here." Steve then looked around the room and pointed at the two teenagers.

"Zinc, Claire, you two go with him. I'm sure Jack doesn't know his way around, no what might cause trouble while walking around these parts."

"What about you?" Jack asked. "Will you be coming as well?"

Steve shook his head.

"No, I have some things to do today, it seems like thier selling another lot of our kind at the auction house. Last time I arrived too late. I will need to gather more information before planning my attack this time."

"I can help.." Jack was about to say, but Steve just shook his head.

"Looking after the kids is just as important, if not more important."

Before heading off, Zinc and Claire grabbed thier weapons and armour. They swung them a few times before checking all was ready. They then went over to a strange chest in one of the corners of the cave and pulled a few items out.

After handing the items over to each of the kids, they immediately put it on thier faces, and Jack could see what they were. They were masks.

"Here take this." Zinc said as he handed a mask over. "Our faces aren't that popular. Still, it's best if we keep them hidden. Luckily for us, it's pretty normal for people to hide thier faces in these type of areas."

"Thank you. "Jack said, but Zinc had already walked off.

It seemed like the teenager had a bit of an attitude but also wasn't a bad kid. If it was at the academy, perhaps Jack would have done something to try fix his attitude. However, he could tell just from looking at them, that all of these people had been through a lot. More then they should have gone through at that age.

The group was waiting for Jack just at the entrance of the cave. All of them were wearing some type of gear or had a weapon with them. The only one that looked a little different though was Rachel.

For she was wearing a skirt and had a bag over her back that went just below her waist.

"Hey, the little girl shouldn't carry the stuff", Jack said.

"No, that's not it you numpty," Claire replied. "The bag is to cover her tail. We have made a whole on the other side. This way she can freely hide her tail in the bag."

"Can she not put it away?" Jack asked.

"Rachels control of her power is the best out of everyone, but for some reason, her tail has always shown and hse has never been able to be put away. So we just have to be a little extra careful with her."

After Claire had finished explaining, Jack tilted his head out of the cave from above and realised they were quite high up from the city.

"How are we going to get down?" Jack asked. At that moment, the three kids hoped on to Jack's neck shoulders and arms and grabbing onto him.

"Uncle Steve always took us down." A boy said.

"Really, well if he can do it, then I can do it too." Jack's competitive nature was ignited as he was compared with his brother.

While they were descending down the side of the cliff, and Jack was starting to get a sweet on, his brother shouted from the cave.

"If anything happens, come back immediately and inform me. Don't try to be a hero." Steve said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 377 - A gem for a beauty
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a tough scale down the wall. It was tricky to control not only Jack's own body weight but that of the kids holding on to him. There were times when he wanted to jump down, but was afraid the kids would be hurt in the process.

While going down the wall, the kids constantly nagged at him.

"Come on, you're so slow." one of them said.

"We won't even have much time to explore the city at this rate." Another complained.

"Don't be too hard on him, he's trying his best." Rachel said.

Below, Jack could see that the two teenagers had already made more progress than him and we're scaling it with ease. When taking a closer look, he noticed that their hands were covered in fur. They had been digging their claws into the stone, making it easier to find a hold and grip.

Trying to do the same, Jack closed his eyes.

"Come on, you can do it!" Jack said.

"Hey, why did we stop. Is he tired already." the kid complained.

Suddenly, the muscles all over Jack's body started to grow in size. Fur began to appear along his arms.

"Is he transforming?"

Once again though, Jack had done the opposite of what he had intended. Instead of tuning just his hands, he had transformed his whole body, apart from his hands.

Looking below, they were now not too far off from the bottom, and soon it looked like the teenagers would reach it too.

"Harold worn" Jack snarled out, the kids unable to tell what he had said.

"What did he say?"

At that moment, Jack grabbed the three kids tightly and pulled them towards his chest. They soon realized, if Jack was no longer holding onto the wall, that meant one thing.

"We're falling! Whoahh!" they shouted and cheered.

It was a strange reaction, as Jack thought they might be scared. Instead, it was as if they were having a good time. Bracing himself, at the right time, he bent his knees, softening the blow and landing nicely. He had reached the bottom before any of the others.

"See, I knew uncle Jack could do it." Rachel said as she gave a wink and a thumbs up towards him.

"Yeah, but it was still a lot slower than Steve." The other kid complained.

Each of them made sure their masks wholly covered their faces, while Rachel gave a little spin making sure her backpack was still on her. It needed to cover every bit of her tail.

Although Jack was the one tasked with looking after the kids, because he still hasn't had much time to explore or look around the place, both Zinc and Claire were the ones who took the lead as they entered the city.

The group didn't stand out at all as it seemed like there really were many other people walking around on the street wearing masks. The only people that didn't seem to bother too much about hiding their identity, were the adventures. They walked around the city with a bit of pride and even had their crest displaying quite proudly.

That's when Jack spotted a group of Adventures who were bearing the crest of something he had seen before. It was the Black rings.

"I wonder what they are doing here?' Jack thought.

The kids were taking their time exploring the place, and they had entered a few shops. Both of the teenagers had been given some money by Steve to control. If the children wanted something, they would go up to either Steve or Claire to ask for funds.

It didn't look like they had much money, it must have been hard for them to even obtain any money, Jack thought. Luckily, they were just children after all, so the items they wanted to buy were only sweets in the end, which were not too expensive.

After buying the sweets, the kids were happily skipping around. They were also delighted to be out in the open.

'Maybe Ray won't mind if we take them back to Avrion with us, I'll need to speak to Steve about it when I get back.' Jack thought.

A life inside a cave was not a good one, and he was sure Ray would be okay with it. While walking down the street, Claire suddenly came to halt just outside one of the shops. She looked inside at it seemed like it was a jewellery shop.

"We can go in if you want?" Zinc said.

"What's the point, it's not like we can buy anything", Claire replied.

Zinc then grabbed Claire by the wrist and started to walk towards the shop. Her face was red hot and was thankful the mask was blocking her shy face right now.

"The kids didn't spend much money, so we can use the rest to get you something nice." Zinc said.

The shop was quite large inside, with several gems and items of jewellery scattered across the room behind class cases. It wasn't too busy inside but it wasn't empty either, as there were around ten other people inside, shopping about as well.

The children immediately split up as they went inside, each interested in the different items around the shop.

The shop was arranged, so the cheaper items were in a single class cabinet to the left. When looking, it seemed like Claire had found a silver necklace with a blue sapphire gem. On it was the price tag of two silvers.

"Try it on, we have just enough." Zinc said.

After asking an assistant to come over and take out the necklace, it was placed around her neck.

"Why don't you lift your mask up?" Zinc asked. "We need to see what you look like if you want to buy it, don't worry, no one knows what we look like."

Claire slightly lifted the mask up, and the gem matched her blue eyes, it was a perfect fit, and Zinc felt like he had never seen anyone so beautiful before. Even the store assistant had both of his hands gripped together as he saw the pretty girl.

"It looks good on you", Jack said, watching from the side uninterested in all the pointless gems around. They weren't beast cores or magical items, so he really didn't understand why anybody would buy these types of things. But when looking at how well it complimented Claire, he understood a little.

"We'll take it." Zinc said.

The attendant took the necklace behind the counter and began the wrapping process. Placing the necklace carefully in a small wooden box.

"Two silvers, right?" Zinc said as he pulled out two coins from his pouch.

Just then, a loud clunk sound was heard. Between both Zinc and the shopkeeper, a hand was placed down and on the counter and four silver coins were placed.

"I would like to buy a necklace thier for double the asking price." A young man said.

When looking over, it appeared that a young blonde swept-back blonde-haired man was standing there. He had been secretly watching the whole thing take place. At first, he didn't really care for the necklace, but when he saw it being placed on such a beauty, he knew he needed to have it.

His idea was to buy the necklace and show off his wealth in front of her, he would then gift the necklace to her as a surprise act and win her over. There weren't many poor people in the city of Zrey, so the two teenagers stood out a little.

The clothes they were wearing were a little torn up and overused, and it didn't look like they had much money, so the man felt like this was his chance.

"Wait, but I already agreed to buy it. Isn't that right, Sir?" Zinc said, looking at the shopkeeper.

"I'm afraid the transaction hasn't gone through yet, so if someone wishes to buy it at a higher price, I can still choose who to sell it to."

The shopkeeper didn't seem to care for loyalty and only had money on his mind. He too could see the condition of the two teenagers and thought that if he sided with the wealthy young man that in the future they would be able to do more business.

"Well, if you can't offer anything else, then I think this necklace is mine." The young man said.

Zinc, badly wanted to hit the man in the face, but he knew he shouldn't cause a scene, Steve would never let it go. But, two silver coins was all they had left. In truth, it was way above what they would be allowed to spend, and Zinc was prepared to take the heat from Steve for going over budget. They had no more money.

"You said whoever has the most money, right?" Jack said as he walked up to the counter and placed his hand there. "Well, then this should do." As Jack moved his hand from the counter, what was left was a single coin. But it wasn't just any coin, it was a single gold coin.

It was something the teens had never seen in their life.

'How did Uncle Jack manage to come across such money.' They both thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 378 - One punch
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At first, the young man wanted to shout back and retort as the anger seemed to be bubbling up inside him. Who would dare to come and interpret him in the middle of his conquest for a beautiful girl? Not only that but the man had also placed a single gold coin. There were plenty of items in the shop that was better than the one they were going for and would be worth the amount the man was willing to spend.

However, as soon as the young man looked up at Jack. He bit his tongue, holding his words back. The person in front of him was a muscle-bound young lad probably not too far from his own age. When inspecting Jack closer, he had noticed that Jack didn't look like a wealthy merchant or adventurer.

These two types were the most common in the town of Zrey. Other than that it would be high ranking officials that were from the kingdoms or empire. With no weapons on him, and no fancy clothes, the young man didn't know where to place Jack.

'He must have stolen the money.' The man thought. Still, it was more reason for him not to get involved personally. If the two were to get into a fight, it was clear who would win. Luckily for him though he had hired a little help along the way.

"Rocky!" The young man shouted inside the shop. From out of the back near one of the cabinets, a fairly large man slightly bigger than Jack himself came forward and stood by the young man's side.

Rocky had a large scar going across his face and also wielded a large sword on his back. He looked like a veteran adventurer, and his tag that was out on display showed that. He was a Rank C adventurer.

"Are you prepared to take back your offer?" the young man said.

The shopkeeper was now shaking slightly, worried for what might happen in his store, while a small crowd of people had now gathered around to see what was the whole commotion was about.

"Will uncle Jack be okay?" Claire asked. "He can't transform into his werewolf form in front of all these people, and he doesn't know how to partly transform either.:"

The kids and teens knew from their own experience that they were actually quite weak when it came to fighting without the use of transforming. It was why the first thing they had learnt was to partly transform. As long as they were wearing thick clothing, it would be able to cover up the smaller details and allow them to fight at an inhuman level.

Although they knew Jack's body was strong from the training. That was only a basic tier weapon that had been used. In front of them, they could tell the man was strong, and his weapon was of higher quality. They were sure that if Jack was to get into a fight with the man without having to transform, he probably would lose.

"I don't think Jack's that stupid, he knows it's not worth it getting into a fight over just a necklace." Zinc replied.

Before saying anything else, Jack looked at the shopkeeper.

"Send the bill to the Dem family mansion. Tell them it's Jack. They will understand."

Jack lept from where he was standing towards Rocky, but he had anticipated this moving, the young man behind him and drawing out his weapon from his back. He swung down his sword, and at the same time, Jack lifted his hand.

Some of the audience members squirmed, while others couldn't keep their eyes of what was about to happen.

'I've never seen someone's arm get chopped off before." One of them said

As the blade came down and made contact with Jack's arm, a loud clang was heard as if it was hitting against metal. Using his strength, he pushed the sword away, causing it to fall and crash into one of the cabinets by their side.

Rocky was now off-balance from the weight of his sword and the powerful force Jack had used to move his sword away. Another fist was coming towards his stomach but Rocky wasn't afraid for he had a beast chest plate on. If it was a weapon, he would have been worried but not a bare fist.

Bracing himself for the blow, he tightened up his abs. When the fist was planting in his stomach, he felt like his eyeballs were about to shoot from his head.

The audience was shocked from what they were seeing as well, the larger men of the two were being lifted off from his fear and were flying up in the air. The blow Jack had given was an uppercut to the body, and now Rocky was completely detached from the ground and was halfway up from the ceiling and the floor.

As Jack pulled back his fist, Rocky's body flopped and fell to the ground, unmoving.

"Is he dead?" someone from the crowd said.

"From a single punch, that's impossible right."

Suddenly, Rocky, who was on the ground, started to cough violently and eventually vomited all over the floor.

The fight was over, and ack was looking for the young man who had caused all the problems in the first place, but it looked like he had already disappeared.

Walking over to Rocky who was on the ground, the others gulped thinking what would this brutal person do next. Was he going to kill Rocky there and then while he was injured.

Instead, Jack had bent down and picked up the necklace that was not on the floor. When the counter was smashed, glass shards and pieces of jewellery were thrown really hard all over the floor.

He walked back to the two teenagers and handed Claire the necklace. "I believe this is yours."

Jack turned around to look at Rocky, who was starting to recover a little. He had made sure to hold back his strength, he didn't want to kill a person who was just doing his duty of protecting someone.

"It looks like the person who hired you to protect you has disappeared. I recommend you find a new employer." As Jack said those words, the crowd of people started to disperse and disappear. They knew from the commotion that the yellow guards would soon appear and they didn't want to be involved when that happens.

The shopkeeper was too busy trying to pick up every item of jewellery that was smashed on the floor, rather than being concerned about Rocky or Jack.

"Come on, let's get out of here." Zinc said. "We're done for the day, let's just head back to the cave."

Claire then called the name of the three children, and immediately they came out running towards the entrance where they were. However, only two of the boys had turned up.

"Wait, where's Rachel?" Claire said.

"We don't know, we weren't with her when we were looking around."

Jack and Zinc immediately started to search for the place but found nothing until Jack managed to get a whiff of what Rachel sent. In the corner of the room was the backpack that Rachel was wearing, but she herself was nowhere to be seen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 379 - Who can help?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A strange feeling had entered into Jack's stomach. For the first time in his life, he was responsible for something other than himself. Seeing that Rachel had disappeared caused a genuine panic in his heart. Something he wasn't ready for.

Of course, he had responsibilities being in the Redwings. But so far every task that he had done, although it would help the Redwings as a whole if he were to fail it would really only affect him.

"Guy's where was the last time you saw her!" Zinc said in an aggressive tone.

The two little boys started to tear up, as the emotions inside were welling up.

"You can't act like that, Zinc. They're only children." Claire replied as she knelt. "You guy's want to find Rachel to the right, then do you remember seeing anyone, or the last time you saw her."

One of the boys started to sniffle up his snot and at the same times rubbed his face to remove the tears. "Rachel was busy over in that corner, looking at something. When…when…Uncle Jack was fighting with that large man, a crowd suddenly surrounded the three of us, and then when the counter smashed all the people jumped back and bumped into the three of us, and that's when we lost Rachel."

'Was it then?' Claire thought. Perhaps when the crowd was panicked by the counter smashing, they had bumped into Rachel, causing her to fall or get her backpack taken off.

As she had these thoughts, she started to get even more worried than before. The backpack was clearly in the shop, so there was a high chance that her tail was seen. If that was the case, then maybe someone decided to snatch her up at that moment. But there were too many people in the show, and Claire wasn't able to keep an eye on them all. So she had no clue, or no leads to find out what had happened to her.

Jack, however, after hearing the story was already in action. He grabbed the back and started to sniff it with his nose. As he closed his eyes, he began to focus. He concentrated and allowed the Ki to move up into his nose and activate the cells in that area. Suddenly, it was as if he had a second type of vision.

The smells in the air were different from all different girls. The colour emitting from the back was brown, and he could ever so slightly, with his nose and mind, see a vision of brown leading somewhere.

"Follow me," Jack said. "And stay close."

Jack started to follow the brown colour out of the shop and away onto the streets. The kids were shortly behind him and were starting to fall slightly behind. Aware of this, Jack started to slow down. He had already lost one; he didn't need more problems on his plate.

As he slowed down the pace though, the smell was getting weaker and weaker as time went on. Eventually, though, the scent led to a particular building, it looked like some kind of barracks. There were multiple guards outside of the fairly large building, and it also looked like many things were coming in and out.

The building was actually a storage unit which served one purpose in particular. It was a place to store auction items, and one of these items included slaves. This was the reason for it being so heavily guarded and why Jack had mistaken it for barracks, or a training centre for soldiers.

Carriages were constantly coming into the place, and what looked like wealthy merchants were also coming out. Jack and the kids, along with the teenagers, were a distance away and remained on the street, rather than going up to the large building, keeping an eye on it.

Suddenly though, Jack noticed the chattering of teeth and a horrified look on the two teenagers eyes when Jack looked up to see what the children were looking at, he could see a group of people, all chained up and branded, making their way into the strange building.

"What is this place?" Jack asked.

"It's a storage house for the auction. This is where they keep all the items before they're sold off." Zinc replied.

JAck started to remember that Ray and Bob were heading off to this so-called auction house. At the time they were unaware of such sick doings of the place.

"And the Dem family allows this to happen?" Jack asked, shocked by the whole thing.

"What are you talking about," Claire replied. "The auction house is owned by the Dem family in the first place. Of course, they allow all this to happen."

The last bit of hope that Jack had, that perhaps his parents were good people, was starting to vanish, but he had more important matters on his hands right now.

When looking at the building, the scent he had latched onto was getting more vital for the first time. Jack lifted up the backpack to take another sniff, making sure he had the right scent. The brown line of order in his mind appeared more visible now.

The doors opened from the barracks, and out came a dark-cloaked hooded man. In his hand was a relatively large pouch, and there was a huge smile on his face. As Jack stared at the man, he started to grind his teeth backward and forwards. This man stunk of Rachel, it was clear he was the one who had brought her here.

Jack took a step forward, ready to pulverize the man to the ground, but Claire quickly grabbed his hand. "What are you doing? Can't you see where we are? There are tons of yellow knights around. Look, I know you're strong. But you have to understand these yellow knights are different compared to regular knights on the outside. They are far stronger." Claire explained.

"I think the best thing we can do is go back and inform Steven of the situation and see what he thinks is the best plan. I know Steven won't abandon her, and you should know that too."

It took nearly all of Jack's will power to step back and not move forward, but he knew Claire's words made sense. Eh had already had a taste of the yellow knights when he was trapped underneath the mansion, and there were many here who looked far more skilled.

If he was to fight, he felt like it was a fifty-fifty chance he could rescue Rachel out of there, but then what would be his next move.

Hating himself, he did the only thing he could. He stood up and headed back to the with the others.

When arriving at the cave, Steven could tell something was up immediately; not only could he not see Rachel, but the feeling and atmosphere of the children was just different. Jack went on to explain to his brother everything that had happened so far.

"Damn it!" Steven yelled while kicking part of the cave wall. He had kicked it so hard his foot had made an indent into the cave wall.

"Can we rescue her?" Claire asked.

Steven looked at the kids' eyes. It was the first time someone had been taken back who had already been rescued. He was prepared to fight back at some point, but now wasn't the right time. They didn't have enough fighting power. With Jack, Steven was confident that maybe they would be able to do something, but Jack wouldn't be enough. They needed something more.

Steven then rushed over to one of the chests that had a lock on it. He opened up the chest and pulled out all the silver coins he could find. In total, he had ten silvers and six bronze coins. It was his entire fortune he had gathered in this place over the years.

"It's too late to try to rescue her," Steven said, "they will have already taken her to the VIP section of the auction. The only thing we can do is buy her. The other problem is we also have no way to get into the VIP section."

However, looking at his hand, Steven knew this wouldn't be enough. Only if, by some miracle, none of the others chose to not bid on her would this work. Jack, looking at the coins, could see this too.

"She's going to be at the auction, you say? Well, maybe I know someone who can help." Jack replied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 380 - Hearing my name
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had just informed the ten previous slaves in front of him that he was the leader of the Redwings. From the look on their faces, even the news of the newly formed kingdom had reached their ears. Even though they were slaves, information often passed around them. In fact more freely than when spoken in front of others, for the people around them did not care.

It wasn't every day that an entirely new kingdom was declared so of course, they remembered this piece of information.

However, after hearing this piece of information, Katy, the original female slave who Ray had saved, her will did not falter. She moved even closer to Ray and placed her fist on the floor.

"I will gladly still serve you. Whatever they said about you must have been rumours that had been made up." Katy said.

The other slaves were slightly hesitant after hearing Ray name the kingdom and knew that the entire Redwing army had been slandered to pieces. This was, of course, the doing of the empire. Very few knew the truth and the good deeds of the Redwings but chose to keep it a secret. If they willingly started to spread the word, they could very well go missing the next day.

After hearing Katy's words, they started to think a bit clearer, there was no reason for Ray to treat them nicely, and it also didn't make sense for him to lie about who he was. Why make everyone here scared and hate him after he had treated them so well.

Soon, after the rest of the slaves followed, moving to where Katy was. They hadn't changed their mind after finding out who Ray really was. Looking at the people in front of him, Ray couldn't help but let out a little smile.

'Oh, how times have changed when an entire village or town used to run from hearing my name' Ray thought.

"Katy is it," Ray said as he held her hand and brought her up to her feet. "Make sure you all buy whatever provisions you need. If you wish to stay with me then I will not refuse. I have some important business with Bob tonight. We will be leaving soon, so have everyone come back here later on tonight."

"But how will I know when you are ready, or when you will be coming back?" She asked.

Ray looked at her and activated one of his skills.

In front of their very eyes, a large piece of paper came into view. It was a special Redwing contract. Ray didn't need to explain anything and allowed her to read it. However, after noticing how she had reacted so far, he was confident that she would accept. Her type of personality was exactly what the Redwings needed.

After reading everything over, like Ray had accepted she accepted the contract. Moments later and the Redwing symbol started to form around her collar and followed upwards on her neck.

"Now that's quite the problematic place," Ray said. The Redwing symbol was a dead giveaway to who was part of the group or not. Opening up his dimensional space, Ray pulled out something that he hadn't used for a long time. It was his black sash. He didn't know why but he had chosen to keep it this whole time, even though he was no longer a student at Avrion.

He wrapped the sash around Katy's neck personally, like a scarf, covering the marking.

"Thank you," Katy replied.

"You are in charge of this group, when I need your help you will know," Ray said as he walked off.

She lifted her hand and pressed on the mark on her neck. Although she knew Ray was only caring for her, she was really very pleased about the marking being in an obvious place. After everything Ray had done for her, she was happy to show the whole world she was part of the Redwings.

While no one was looking, she also quickly lifted the sash and took in a big sniff. "A personal item from my king."

Bob looked at the slaves and looked back at Ray before following him.

Bob himself was confused about what he had just heard. He too had no clue who Ray truly was, to find out that he was working with a known criminal was frightening.

'No wonder he had so much confidence before. But if he's a King right, where are all his guards? Was Jack Dem one of them, is the city working with the Redwings?' there were too many questions and not enough answers, and right now he was too deep. If the town wasn't working with him, or the empire had found out how much he had already helped, he would be punished severely for everything that had happened.

The plan was for the two of them to head to the auction house, Ray wanted to have a look at just what the Vip section was selling, hoping that he might be able to grab a good weapon for Jack, as well as maybe something for himself. After this, there was no longer a reason for him to stay with Ray, and he hoped whatever business Jack had with his family, was over and done with by now.

There was another problem though, Ray was low on funds. He had spent too much money trying to show off his wealth so he could enter into the VIP area, and after giving most of his gold coins away to the slaves he didn't have much for himself to spend at the auction.

Still, there was one option. Ray could always sell the carriage. When asking Slyvia whether it was okay or not, she surprisingly said yes, as long as they knew it was the technology that had come from the Redwings. Most likely this was a part of a grand plan of hers that Ray really knew nothing about. If he really saw something he liked and needed the funds, this would be his last resort.

While on the way to the auction house, A ding sound was heard, notifying a message from the system had arrived. It was from Jack.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 381 - Meeting up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Usually, when Ray would receive a message, he would carry on walking while reading it. Most messages he ever received were short and to the point, but this time, he stopped dead in the middle of the street. To Bob, who was closely following behind, he thought the actions were strange. After all, he was unable to see the screen that Ray was looking at.

'Did something happen?' Bob wanted to say something, but after looking at the concentration that was on Ray's face, he decided not to and waited patiently until he started moving again.

The message he had received this time was a long one. It wouldn't have been such a big deal if it had come from Slyvia, or someone else, but from Jack, this was rare…very rare indeed.

The contents of the message had explained everything that had happened so far. It even went into more detail about what his father had been doing and what they were really selling at the auction house. Ray had taken a good guess already, based on the strange figure he had seen early trying to break into the -metallic case.

The message from Jack had just fitted in all the pieces of the puzzle for him. At the very end of the message, Jack had requested, explaining Rachel had been taken. It was to borrow quite a large sum of gold from him. To be precise, ten gold coins. This was a small fortune that not even wealthy merchants would easily be able to get their hands on.

The amount was vastly different from the slaves that Ray had purchased. This was because the VIP section was unique. Everyone there had grand wealth and one of the most sought after items were werewolves. The ballpark price was given to Jack by Steven. He never believed Jack would be able to get the money, but if they didn't, the only choice they had left was to fight, and that would be a death sentence. Once they had obtained the money, they could worry about getting into the VIP section later. Perhaps they could even just give the money to someone else to purchase Rachel, or purchase her of whoever bought her.

The others were patiently waiting inside the cave for Jack. Everyone had geared up, including the older women and the small kids ready to fight. Steven had told them to stay out of it, but they had refused, the only reason they hadn't all left was to try snatch Rachel back, because Jack said he might be able to do something.

"Don't worry, you can trust my boss," Jack said. "He will definitely have the money." Jack had an idea of how much gold Ray had brought with him. Ten coins were something Ray should have been able to cover.

Finally, Ray had given a reply.

Jack was so confident that he had read the message he received out loud.

"I spent all the money… wait.. what!?" Jack shouted, confused. "How could he spend that much money in one day, what the hell did he buy?"

Shortly after another message was sent.

"Don't worry; we can buy your little friend no problem. Meet me just outside the auction house and never ask to borrow money again. It's our money." Ray had ended the message there.

A smile appeared on Jack's face, and at this point, he was thrilled he had decided to follow Ray.

"Alright, we have the money, now let's go get Rachel back."

The rest of the group cheered at the news.

When Jack was getting ready to leave the cave with Steven to meet up with Ray. Strangely the others started to still follow them.

"What are you doing, go back in," Steven said.

"No, we're sick and tired of staying here," Zinc replied. "We all already decided, once we get Rachel back, and the others, we'll leave this place. We can't have you fighting alone anymore."

From the look on their faces, Steven could tell they had already made their decision, and there was no convincing them. As long as they didn't cause any trouble, then it would be fine. Now that they had obtained some methods of funds, there would be no need to go and fight. This was the only reason why Steven agreed to let others come along as well.

Ray now had no choice, a close colleague of his had asked for his help, and he would commit to it. For some reason, though, Ray had a feeling that not everything would go as smoothly as they hoped.

He sent out a message to Katy, telling her and the others to be prepared to depart from the city at any moment.

"Bob, go collect the carriage from the auction house, we're putting it up for sale, come meet me here, if I don't see you there when I arrive you know what will happen," Ray commanded.

Bob didn't say a word back and quickly left in a hurry, if he was to ride the new carriage then he should be able to get there before, if not at the same time as Ray.

Some time had passed and Ray had arrived at the auction house. Just like yesterday, there were many yellow knights and mages outside. This time though there seemed to be more people there than usual. Up ahead, Ray could sense Jack's aura, and next to him was a man wearing a strange mask.

There was no need for him to take off the mask because Ray recognized him straight away; it was the same man who had tried to save whatever was in that container.

Standing off to the side of the auction house away from the others and trying to blend in with the crowd of people, were several others who had the same aura as both Jack and Steven.

"Looks like Jack's found himself his little werewolf family."

"I know we don't have time for introductions," Steven said. "But I must thank you for being able to supply us with the funds. Do you mind handing the money to me?" Steven said with his hand held out.

"Unfortunately, I do not have the money you're looking for," Ray replied.

Steven looked at Jack with disappointment. Their whole plan was based on someone being able to give them the funds.

Suddenly, from behind a huge commotion had begun. The crowd was busy talking and gossiping away, staring at something in amazement. A few moments later, and they too could see what the crowd was getting so excited about.

"I brought the carriage just like you asked," Bob said, riding at the front of the vehicle. Seeing such a large item being moved without the need for any horses, truly shocked those around them. Although Ray didn't plan for this, it had already made others gain quite an interest in the item.

"That is your money right there," Ray answered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 382 - VIP auction members
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You are free to go," Ray said.

Hearing these words, Bob started to pinch himself. He grabbed a portion of his extra belly fat around his stomach and gripped down tightly. "Ouch!" He winced.

The pain he had felt was real, it wasn't a dream, Ray had really said those words to him. After delivering the carriage. Bob talked to the auctioneer. It didn't take much convincing, since Ray was already a VIP member and due to the interest that had already been gathered about the item, to have it listed for sale in the VIP area.

The carriage was then taken to a separate place around the back by the yellow cards and a card was handed to Bob with a number one. Once the sale was completed, all one needed to do was hand the card in and they would review their funds once the auction house had taken their own cut.

When Bob had returned, he had expected to be given another task by his slave driver of a boss, but instead, Ray had said he was free to leave.

A strange fate had brought these two together and it was one Bob wished would never happen and also wished would ever happen again. Hanging around with Ray was clearly trouble and even more so after finding out who he really was.

As Bob left the scene he looked back at both Ray and Steven who stepped into the auction house, "I guess it wasn't so bad being with him the whole time." He started to giggle to himself. "Maybe it was even fun. Good luck."

The two that would be entering the VIP auction was both Steven and Ray. The reason for this was just in case anything was to happen, Ray would still have contact with the outside. After all, Jack had access to the System while Steven didn't. Jack would stay with the others who looked like they were ready to go into war.

To be so bloodthirsty at such a young age was a saddening sight Jack felt, but he understood if what was to happen to Rachel was a fraction of what happened to him down in that cellar.

After seeing what they had planned to sell at the Auction, Steven started to have more confidence in this mysterious person that Jack had introduced. On the way here, Steven had asked Jack multiple times just who was this person he kept on referring to as boss.

Due to Jack being unsure how much information he was allowed to share, he stayed silent but was adamant that this person would be able to help.

Looking at Ray now, Steven felt like he must have been quite a wealthy merchant with a powerful backing, maybe Jack had saved him during their journeys and now hired him as a guard. He gave off quite the confidence which made Steven feel better about the situation.

The only thing he didn't like was the fact he didn't have someone who was strong enough to cover his back. At least with Jack, if a fight was to break out then they might have been able to leave the place alive.

The two of them continued to walk forward until they had reached the normal set of auction doors. Ray proceeded to show one of the workers his card, who immediately then escorted them to the opposite area. A completely different section of the auction house.

'It looks like he really did have a VIP card. Who is this person?' From Steven's own experience those with VIP cards weren't particularly good people. Especially if they knew what was being sold there, but unknown to him it was Ray's first time as well.

After going through the checks, and confirming the card and both Ray were real, they entered the room. It was hard to tell how large the room was as it was quite dark inside, with a slight orange glow coming off from the lights on the walls. The stage even though it was smaller than the regular auction house seemed to be grander.

Spread across the room, where twenty lounge sofa chairs, spread apart from each other in a U shape around the stage. The auction house to him, it seemed more personal, as one was able to see the goods they were purchasing up close.

The number on the panel that had been given to him, was number 20, the chairs also contained a number and they were told to sit in the same seats. Ray chair was on the very end of the U formation. There was only a single chair while the so-called Guard was required to stand.

They waited until the rest had arrived, and all the chairs were nearly filled apart from number nineteen the one closest to Ray. When the others had entered the room, they all looked over at who was sitting in seat twenty. This was because before today there was never a seat twenty before.

It was a new addition to the auction house which was quite rare. After having a look, they had no clue who was sitting in the chair. usually, someone who joined the VIP section of the Auction house would have been known far and wide.

After the group of people took a few guesses one of the men's curiosity had taken over and he decided he had to approach.

Just then, the doors opened once more and number nineteen had entered the room. It was the prince-like figure followed by the boney man. The guild leader of the Black rings.

"What do you think's going on over there Fenny?"?The bony man asked from behind him.

Fenny the black ring's guild leader had no clue, but if they were in this room he knew they must have been a powerful person, it was always best to get on one's good side in situations like this. Especially as a big guild like themselves.

After losing the contract with the empire to stop the Redwings from leaving and entering their own city. They needed to make new relations to earn their coin.

As Fenny walked over, he could overhear the conversation between the two men.

"If you don't mind me asking, the others and I were wondering who you are and where did you come from?" The man asked.

"I guess there is no need to hide it," Ray said, Slyvia did tell him if he was to sell the carriage, they needed to make sure that the others knew it came from the Redwings, and he knew the quickest way to do that. Decasting his transformation spell, his jet black hair started to change to red. Even when the others saw this, they still didn't know who he was. Red was just a symbol for bad luck so it was expected someone would try to hide it.

"My name is Ray Talen, from the kingdom of the Redwings." After saying these words, Ray started to think how many more times would the occasion arise that he would have to reveal himself to these people? He was starting to get sick and tired of it.

****

For RIAH artwork and information on new series follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 383 - Changing an era
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The VIP members took a step back after hearing Ray's full name and who he really was. Being in the high position of power they were in, each of them remembered the pain they had gone through when the Redwings kingdom was established. It had caused problems for them all mainly because of the power of the empire.

In fact, one of the VIP members worked for the empire himself but decided not to say anything. The others were looking at him, expecting him to do something, but he knew better. Zrey was more of a neutral town. It sided more with other places, but causing a disturbance here wouldn't be so good. Besides, he also had heard the rumours of how mad of a person King Ray was.

Right now, he didn't even have the forces to stop Ray if he wanted to. The worst reaction of the lot though, was from Fenny, the leader of the Black Rings. They had been affected most by the Redwing army. They took on a high job protecting the borders, and when it failed, not only did they not receive the rest of the payment form the empire, but they also lost the first batch of payment due to it being stolen.

Immediately after finding out his name Fenny was filled with rage.

"Get this man out of here this instant. Are you really planning to do trade with a fake King?"

Steven, who continued to stay by Ray's side, didn't know what was going on. He had heard Ray's words but wasn't able to process it. He had been stuck in Zrey for a long time now, trying to free his comrades or those like him. The only bits of information that passed his ears were to do with the auction house.

He knew nothing of the current events going on in the outside world. He had never even heard of the Redwings before. Yet it was clear they were a big deal to cause these people of great power to have this type of reaction.

Due to all the commotion caused, an auctioneer had come out a little bit earlier than scheduled. He was in a nice black and white suit and had a monocle over his eye, with a top hat on his head. He looked somewhat like a strange magician about to perform a magic show.

"What seems to be the problem here." The auctioneer said.

Fenny pointed towards Ray's chest. His finger almost placed upon him only a centimetre away. What he didn't realize was Ray had already decided if Fenny laid a finger on him, he would have snapped it and burnt him to crisp. He could only keep calm for so long.

"This man is from the Redwing Kingdom," Fenny said. "An enemy of all the Kingdoms and the Empire."

"So." The auctioneer replied. "Does he not have gold? We do not care where your background is from nor what his past is. There are plenty of people in this room who I would say are terrible people. In fact, you yourself are not a saint. The only thing we care about here is the coin. And as long as he has it, he shall be treated well here."

Ignoring Fenny's taunts, Ray decided to head back and sit down in his seat. The main reason he had agreed to do this whole thing in the first place was for Jack and his brother. If his brother Steven owed him a favour, he would perhaps tell him more about the werewolves and their kind.

The matter had been settled, and the auction was about to begin. However, Fenny couldn't help but glance at Ray by his side. Constantly giving him dirty looks now and again.

The auction had begun, and the announcer returned to the stage once more. The first set of items were brought out, and it seemed to be some type of pills. The auctioneer explained the benefits of such pills, but it seemed to be a whole load of rubbish in Ray's opinion.

The pills were sold for four gold coins, and that's when Ray started to realize that the level of bidding here was a lot higher than the regular auction house.

All he could do was hope that his carriage sold for enough gold coins for him to use. The next item to come on stage was high-level beast armor. To be more precise, it was a pair of special boots. The equipment looked good, and if Ray could, he would have liked to purchase them. The only problem was, once again, he didn't know how much gold would be needed.

The boots were sold off for 15 gold coins, a lot higher than the item before it.

"And next, we have decided to add a special additional item that's not on the list. Surely we don't do this, but today we have chosen to make an exception since this item has come from our new VIP member."

The others started whispering to each other as they looked over at Ray. They wondered just what item could be so precious to be suddenly added to the auction. At least one that they didn't have yet.

The sound of gears churning away could be heard in the background and suddenly out from the side. The carriage appeared onto the stage. A single man was riding it on top carefully. He had been testing it for a while at the back but hadn't quite gotten the hang of how to use it yet.

After seeing a large vehicle move onto the stage without the help of any horses or equipment, many of the VIP members had jumped up from their seats.

"This is a revolution. This type of technology will change human lives as we know it."?One said.

The auctioneer described how powerful the carriage was and explained how the top speed of the vehicle could even exceed that of horses.

"We need to buy it, whatever the cost. It will be sold to every merchant in Bronzeland." Another said.

Steven, watching what was happening, was smiling away and could tell an intense bidding war was budding.

"Maybe I'll be able to buy a few things after all." Said Ray.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 384 - Outbid the bidder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"500 coins!" A man shouted as he couldn't contain his excitement.

The bidding war was currently fierce and had already started at 100 gold coins. One of the highest amounts to ever have been traded inside the auction, and still, it showed no signs of slowing down, increasing by 50 gold each time.

While the trading was going on, an older man from the empire calmly sat in his seat. He was a scientist in the research department for the empire. They would often send him to the city of Zrey to find out if there were any new types of technology. However, he had never expected this, and worst of all, it seemed to be from the Redwing kingdom.

'How on earth were they able to get such technology?" The man thought. It was clear that this was a few years ahead of anything currently. Even if they obtained the carriage, it might take years to find out how to replicate it without having the original creator.

While the man was deep in his thought, the carriage price had already ridden to 700 gold coins.

"Ian, get the Dem family here immediately."

Behind the scenes, the auction workers were going mad at the amount of money brought in. This would definitely be the highest amount sold in the auction's history. At such an event like this, it was only normal to thank both the item bringer and the purchaser personally.

Quickly, the man had gone over to a communication crystal to inform the Dem family of what was happening.

By now, the old man from the empire had made his decision. It was scary to think they were making enemies with people who may have had better technology than theirs. They needed that carriage to progress themselves.

The old man then lifted up his paddle and shouted. "A 1000 Gold coins from the empire."

The room, which was bustling with excited people, had suddenly quieted down. There were two reasons for this. The old man was aggressive with his bid; he had caused the item to rise from 700 straight to 1000. This was often a tactic to show he was happy to spend even more.

However, the second thing he said was 'from the empire.' The others made a note of what the old man meant when he said this. It was a warning to the others if they were to bid against him; it meant going against the empire.

The auctioneer had snapped out of his daze as he could see gold signs going through his mind. He was already trying to decide what he would be spending his hard-earned commission on.

"If there is no one else winning to bid, then I must say the item will be going to…"

"1100 gold coins." A voice said from the corner of the room.

The others were shocked at this. After what the old man had done, they didn't think they would be anyone foolish enough to go against him. They all turned to look at just who had been such a fool.

Then when they found out who's paddle had been risen, they were even more shocked. For it was the very man who was trying to sell the item.

Before the auctioneer was able to hit his mallet down on the podium, Ray had come in at the last second.

"What, can I not purchase my own item if I wish?" Ray said.

It was indeed a strange thing to do, and normal auctions wouldn't allow such a thing. But this was not an auction, and there was only one thing they cared about, money.

If someone was foolish enough to put their own item up and then bid on it themselves, then why would they stop them. To the auction house, it was just free money.

Angered by this, the old man knew the auction house would do nothing and decided to raise the price once again.

"120.."

"1300 Gold coins." Ray interrupted once again.

Steven, standing next to Ray, was starting to sweat heavily, wondering what he was trying to do. He knew Ray didn't have that kind of money. It was the reason why they needed to sell the carriage in the first place. If the old man were to back out, they would have no real funds to purchase Rachel.

Both the carriage and Rachel would then go to the second-highest bidder. There was a high chance his whole plan could be ruined.

Ray looked over to the man and gave a smile.

Of course, the taunt seemed to have worked, and the old man once again raised the price.

"1400 gold coins." The old man now looked back at Ray and smiled back.

'Don't underestimate the wealth of the empire young man.' He thought.

However, Ray didn't look back at the old man, and when he expected him to interject at the last second, the auctioneer had banged his hammer down, selling the carriage for 1400 coins.

All Ray wanted to do was play with the old man a little. At first, he was going to allow the carriage to be sold as normal. But when he heard the old man state that he was from the empire. Ray decided that he wouldn't make it easy for them to get their hands on such a thing.

The auction continued as the next item was bought out, but now there was a bit of heat in the room, and more inside the Auction house was paying attention to the new guest.

Outside of the arena house, Jack continued to wait patiently with the kids. Each one of them wore their masks as disguises. The two teens were nervously pacing themselves backward and forwards, itching to do something. Jack didn't know what to say to them, he was never good at calming the situation, and honestly, he felt the same way.

He, too, wanted to act, mostly since he felt like the whole thing was his fault in the first place.

"I hope everything goes okay in there, Ray," Jack said.

At that moment, there seemed to be cheers and voices heard from behind. When Jack turned to see what was going on, he could see two people walking towards the auction house. The people around bowed down as they walked past.

Seeing these two started to make Jack's blood boil even more.

"Father and Mother, why are you doing this?" he said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 385 - I will deal with them.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seeing both the people Jack used to refer to, his father and mother his whole life caused a mixed range of emotions. Right now he wanted to just burst out there and grab them. Force them to answer all the questions he had in his head. Why hadn't they done to him, what they had done to his brother Steven. Why leave it till now, and why were they even doing all of this in the first place.

One of the biggest questions of all, were they even his birth parents? If not, then where are his birth parents. Slowly, he could see them walking away as they entered the auction house.

'Should I go in?' he thought. Then he looked at the two kids behind him, noticing how young they were, and even the teenagers weren't much older themselves. 'I have to stay.'

He had decided it was the right thing to do. They needed him more; then he needed his questions answered. Instead, Jack decided the next best thing to do was to send a message to Ray informing him of who was coming.

In the middle of the auction, Ray was comfortably sitting in his seat after having made his fortune. Even Steve was quite relaxed, all they needed to do now was wait for Rachel to come on stage and they could purchase her without causing a disturbance. Just then, the message that Jack had sent had appeared.

"Oh, it looks like the Dems' will be arriving soon," Ray said, informing Steven of what had just happened. After hearing this, Steve made sure to pull up his hood and centred his mask, making sure it covered his face. If they were to see him, it would ruin everything. After all, at one point, Steve was also considered their son.

Although Steve thought everything would be plain sailing from now on. Ray was still unsure in a place like this; nothing was ever straightforward. One would just have to look at the complicated process of getting in the VIP area in the first place. So Ray decided he would send his own message back to Jack.

"I need to ask this of you." The message read. "If things turn sour and your parents get in the way, do I have permission to deal with them."

It was a sensitive matter clearly, but it was one that needed answering. A few moments later, Jack had sent a reply.

"If it comes to it, please, let me deal with them," Jack asked.

"Fair enough."

The auction continued with more items showcased, but none that interested Ray as most of them were useless jewels or weapons he did not care for. However, finally, it seemed like something of interest had come onto the stage. It was another King Tier crystal. Seeing this, meant there was a chance that it could be used to turn into a decent weapon for Jack. Of course, one wouldn't know unless a blacksmith was to inspect it first, but even if it couldn't, it could be used to create something else for another.

"Steve, how much do King Tier crystals usually go for?" Ray asked.

Considering, the advanced armour chest piece he had, sold for 10,000 Bronze coins, which was the same as ten silvers or one gold coin. He expected the price to be upward of this. Still, it should have also been cheaper since it had yet to be made into anything and one would have to pay the cost for it to be forged.

"For something like this, usually ten gold coins will be enough," Steve whispered.

Just as Ray was about to make his bid, the doors to the VIP room opened up wide.

"Please, don't mind us, continue on," Russell said as he entered the room and a female followed closely behind. The others recognised who it was straight away; it was the mayor of Zrey and owner of the auction house.

Following behind him were two head guards for protection as always. Steve, as soon as he saw who had entered the room, all of the emotions he had pent up inside was ready to be unleashed.

Ray immediately could sense the anger in the room and could even see that Steven, the aura was wild, even if he didn't notice it, there were now slight changes happening to his body.

Steve hadn't been this close to his so-called mother and father for years, and now everything felt like it was about to burst.

"Calm down," Ray said as he placed his hand on top of Steves. Suddenly, he felt like his energy was coming out of him. When he looked down, he could see that his fingertips had already transformed,as the nails had grown slightly larger and pointy.

"When?" He said, confused, but the energy continued to be drained out of him and was now entering into Ray's body. Even though Ray already had his mana pool at its max capacity. Taking in a little bit more energy right now would just hurt his body for a short while. As long as it wasn't for a long time, his body should be able to handle it.

Once the slight transformation on Steve's body had disappeared, Ray quickly let go, and the strange feeling that Steve had, disappeared.

'I'm glad this person is on our side.' Steve thought. 'I'm starting to see why the others were so wary of him.'

Both Russell and his wife went backstage, to speak with the staff about what had happened, and who had exactly made such a big sale. While this was happening, the auction continued outside, and Ray was finally able to make his offer.

"12 gold coins," Ray said, placing his bid, but quickly another person had outbidden him stating fifteen gold coins.

There was a big difference between this auction house and the fair market outside. Due to the influential people in the room, and the spare money they had to spend, items would often be purchased for more than they were worth. Still, Ray wished to obtain the King Tier item; he could sense it was a little unusual when looking at it.

"20 gold coins," he said, raising his hand.

For a while, it seemed like no one would dare challenge him, then the unexpected had happened. The old man from the empire before had made a bid. "50 fold coins."

Seeing this happen, it was clear it was a retaliation of what had happened earlier. Afraid that he may lose a lot of money due to this silly rivalry. Ray decided to let the crystal be sold to the old man.

If things didn't go as planned later on in the auction, he might need every gold coin he had in his pocket.

"Aright." The auctioneer said. "Now next we have our main events ready to come out on stage. I know this is what most of you have all been waiting for, and on stage, I will now bring out, our first half-beast, half-man, or otherwise known as, a werewolf."

Out from behind the stage came a man chained up in dirty old clothing and had multiple wounds and scars across his whole body. With him two guards stood by his side, holding a strange type of spear with a crystal attached to the end.

Once the man was placed in the centre of the stage, the two soldiers by his side prepared themselves. They banged the spears against the floor, and an electrical charge seemed to go to the tip of the spear.

At the same time, both of the guards trusted the tip of the spears into the old man. The crystals on end started to light up, and little sparks began to fire off in all different directions, but mainly, the electrical power went into the man's body.

He screamed and screamed in pain, seeing this site had brought back terrible memories for Steven, and right now, he wanted to jump on stage and help the poor man. He had to hold himself back ; he had bit down on his lip hard that it was pierced, blood was dripping from the side of his mouth and fell to the floor just underneath his mask.

The electric shocks continued until eventually, something started to happen; the man on stage started to transform into what they knew as a werewolf.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 386 - The Final sale
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside the auction house, Jack was still waiting patiently. There had been no new information and no messages from Ray in a while. But no use was good news.

'At least I don't hear any screaming. I don't think Ray's been in one place for so long without something happening.' Jack thought. Although often he would also be the cause of the commotion half the time.

While patiently waiting, it seemed like once again, and another commotion was being caused down the auction house's pathway. Many people would often travel up and down the auction pathway, as there were stalls spread throughout. It would sometimes be the best place to get a bargain.

Items that we're unable to be sold in the auction house, or for whatever reason were chosen not to be sold, would be placed here. Because of this, Jack and the others were able to safely stay not too far away from the auction house without raising suspicion.

When Jack turned to look at what was causing such a scene, he could see a group of ten people of all ages, walking down the pathway. Each of them wore Decent armor and equipment and looked like a strong guild. At the front of this group was a female wearing a black scarf around her neck.

"Where have I seen that before." Jack though, thinking he had seen a familiar item like that.

"Do you recognize any of them?" Someone asked from one of the stalls.

"No, but look at what they are wearing, they must form quite a strong guild to afford equipment like that."

"Do you think they are entering the auction?"

Just then, the group of ten fanned out and started to look at items from the stalls. Quite quickly, the reaction they had seemed to calm down.

The female leading them before carried on looking at the auction house, while an old man part of the same group approached her from the side.

"Can you believe it, they don't; even recognize us from before Katy." The old man said.

"Yes, it's amazing how we only passed through here yesterday as slaves, yet now we are free and looked up to. I hope our king is alright." She said.

Ray had given Katy the orders of buying equipment from everyone using the gold he had given them. Shortly after, they were to wait in front of the inn for further instructions. However, Katy had decided to go against this order. She had a strange feeling that the way her new king had left meant there was something dire about to happen.

Knowing full well where he was Goggin, she had decided to head to the auction house. At first, she wanted to go alone, but the others had decided to follow. As the old man had said, with a shower and a new set of clothes, not a single person knew they were the same slaves as yesterday.

Inside the auction house, the two guards had finally stopped attacking the man with the electrical spears as soon as he had transformed. The bindings around kept him tight, but after only a minute of being transformed into a werewolf, he started to return once again into being a human.

Seeing this, Ray knew exactly what was happening due to his dragon eyes.

"He's too weak even to keep up the transformation. The only thing they could do was force him." Ray said.

"They're probably feeding him their bare minimum for days now," Steven said. "They're scared. If they feed him properly before the contract seal is put on him, he will regain his strength and run away."

The others in the VIP room were suddenly reenergized, and a new feeling had entered the room. It was as if this was the whole purpose of most of them coming to the auction.

Steven looked at the others, and all he could see where all their eyes glued to the person on stage like a pack of meat. They all had a disgusting look on their faces and didn't even realize what they looked like.

"Are we going to buy this one as well? If we get him, then that means the black ring army will have five in their collection." Bones said, standing next to his boss Fenny.

Both Ray and Steven had overheard their conversation and what they had just said had come as a huge shock to both. Ray had never expected them to obtain so many werewolves, just how many were there? From the information he had gathered, the Blackring had arrived in the town around the same time as them.

Suppose they sold some yesterday and even sold some today. It must have meant they still had quite a few lefts.

'Are they breeding them? Like some breed of dog?' Ray thought.

This also came as an ultimate shock to Steven. He knew some operation was going on. Every month or so, he would gather information about transporting werewolves for sale at the auction house. Now he realized how naive he was being. The information he gathered was only what he could get a hold-off. There were many of his kind that had been sold off, and he was unable to save.

This was something he really couldn't forgive. There and then, he decided he wasn't leaving this town until he saw both his mother and father dead. He even felt like death was letting them get off too lightly.

The bidding had started, and the price this time, started at a massive amount of 50 gold coins; eventually, it was raised to 70 and purchased by the Black rings. As the top guild in the kingdom, it seemed like they had brought a lot of funds.

The whole reason the Blackrings were in the city of Zrey in the first place was due to Ray. After the incident that happened at their camp, only a few people were wiped out a vital part of their forces. Fenny was worried. He searched for anything to increase the power of his guild when he had come across this.

They had brought over a large amount of gold in hopes of increasing their guild's power for the future.

Three more a.d.u.l.t werewolves were brought onto the stage, and the same display was shown. The guards would electrocute them until they would transform. Proving that they were indeed werewolves. Seeing this over and over again was causing Steve's heart to blacken.

Whereas Ray, he knew humans were already this cruel. It didn't change his thoughts one bit.

"The auction is not over yet, as there was another last-minute addition added into the event. Please, I give you a rare one of a kind. A female child werewolf."

Finally, onto the stage, wrapped in chains and full of tiers. Rachel walked onto the stage.

"Don't worry, Rachel," Steven said. "We'll save you no matter what."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 387 - Bidding war
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Rachel was slowly brought onto the stage, the fear could be seen and felt in her footsteps. Her weak legs barely lifted the small heavy chains as she placed them in front of one another. As she took on a step forward out from the back curtain and started to walk forward onto the stage, her legs were wobbling like crazy, and it looked like she would fumble at any second.

"Come on. You're the superstar of the show." The auctioneer said a smile that sent chills down her spine. She carried on walking forward, remembering the pain they had inflicted on her from behind the scenes. They were conscientious about making any visible marking shown on her body, but that didn't matter for Ray.

He could tell she was injured from the way her aura moved; with the werewolves, the aura would travel and move to a specific place to heal the wounds. Rachel didn't realize it right now, but because her mind was unstable, her body could not do what it would have usually done and healed the markings and pain away.

'She's only six years old. How could they!' Steven mumbled to himself as he stepped forward, clenching his fist.

Steve didn't know what was happening, but he was so angry, his body was moving by its own accord, he was going to rescue her now. He had thought that perhaps if Jack was here, he might have been hot-headed and reckless; it turns out Steve was exactly the same, but as he moved forward, a hand was put out to stop him from moving forward anymore.

"Just stay there. I know how you're feeling." Ray said

"How could you possibly know what I'm feeling," Steven replied.

Ray didn't say anything and instead had his eyes glued to Rachel up on stage. That's when Steven noticed Ray's other hand, it was resting on the armrest, and in the end, his hand was firmly gripped around it. It was shaking. When Ray lifted his hand, a piece of the armchair was no longer there and dust fell to the floor from his closed fist.

'Did he just crush that armchair with his bare hands?' Steven thought.?Ray currently had no gear on as it wasn't allowed in the auction house. But he had everything in his spacial void ready to bring out whenever needed. This was why it had become a bigger shock to Steven. If he had an enhanced equipment or beast gear on, he could understand, but what he had just done was not the power of a human.

When looking at Ray, Steven didn't know whether to have a good feeling or a bad feeling. It reminded him very much of the current Werewolf leader. A group that he had left behind due to not agreeing entirely with their beliefs.

Rachel was asked to give the crowd a little twirl; when she looked down at all those hungry eyes, fear struck her once again. She started to sob uncontrollably and proceeded to twirl around, showing her tail.

"Well, what are you waiting for." The auctioneer said, looking at the guards. "Do your usual thing; we have to see her transform."

One of the guards prepared the electrical spear while the other looked at the auctioneer, "But she's only a little girl, isn't her tail proof enough."

"Are you really disobeying a command? The tail could have just been sewed on for all we know."

The man looked at the little girl crying, and in the end, he decided he just couldn't do it.

"I'm sorry I can't do…" Just then, a fist came out from the side, hitting the guard in the face. The guard stumbled slightly, but it hadn't done much to him. When he looked up, he could see a large man. It was the Dem family leader, Russell.

"Give it here," Russel said as he snatched the electrical spear of the guard. "You don't show your face in this town again."

At the same time, both Russell and the other guard stabbed Rachel with the electrical spears. The pain was horrifying as screams were heard at the top of her lungs. The screams continued until they eventually turned into howls, and slowly Rachel's body started to transform at her own accord.

Ray had decided at this moment that this man didn't deserve to live. If it weren't for Jack wanting to have dealt with his own father himself, he would have killed him on the spot.

The transformation had started, and the bidding war had started.

The starting price of Rachel was set at fifty coins. Which was the same price that the other werewolves were sold at. "Why does she cost so much more?" Ray asked.

"I can only guess for two reasons," Steven whispered back. "One, even with the contracted seal werewolves, are still quite disobedient. The seal will just enforce pain on them if they are not to complete an order, and some even chose to take their lives rather than serve the sc.u.m that bought them. With her being only young…" Steven paused as he choked up for a second.

"With her being young,?there is a high chance they could warp her mind or train her into being quite loyal. She's less likely to take her own life as well. The second reason is that she is female. When a werewolf is born, there is only a need to carry the genes to pass it on. It isn't always 100 percent guaranteed. But with a female, they can force them to give birth as many times as they want. The birth cycle of a werewolf is also much shorter than a human; it only takes three months."

Ray had heard enough. He waited patiently as the bids continued to rise for Rachel. He didn't want to make the others aware of how important she was to them; otherwise, there was a good chance that they would try to outbid him just for the sake of it.

"We have the money, let's get you out of there," Steven said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 388 - Whats Plan B?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"500 gold coins."

"I can't believe the price has been able to go up this high" One said.

. Both the auctioneer and Russell looked at each other with a smile. Today had been the most successful day for the auction house yet.

"600 coins," Ray said, as it looked like there were no more bids being placed.

Both the Old man and Fenny from the Blackwings had no interest in the small little girl. They had already obtained female werewolves at a previous auction and thought it would actually take longer to wait until Rachel could give birth, but they noticed that Ray's actions seemed weird.

Just to test something, Fenny thought he would try something out.

"700 gold coins," Fenny said, raising his panel.

A few moments later, and once again, Ray had raised his panel.

"800 gold coins." He declared.

This had confirmed his thoughts. 'They had no interest in the werewolves before, so why suddenly bid on this one?' Fenny thought. That's when he noticed the anger felt by the person by Ray's side.

He practically was finding it hard to hold himself back. The viens up his arms were showing as he clenched his fist. 'This is personal, isn't it?'

He then released the two of them and had bought nothing from the auction house; they had made a bid previously, but the Old man had shut them down.

'That's it, their whole reason for coming today was for her.' Fenny felt like he had figured it out and wanted to do anything in his power to stop them from getting what they wanted, only there was a slight problem.

He had already spent most of his money on the previous werewolves and items before. He had just about 800 gold coins left if practically the whole guilds supply. After this, they would have no more money. It was a tough decision, and sometimes a leader should not allow their emotions to get the better of them.

However, Fenny looked at Ray one more time, and the anger resurged inside his body. "No… whatever I do, I can't let that man have that item."

He knew full well that the total amount of coins Ray must have had was around 1300 or so after the auction house would take its commission. The auction house had a strict rule that the funds must be paid there, and then, even if Ray did have more funds back at the kingdom if he couldn't produce it now, he wasn't able to walk out of here with the item.

Unfortunately, this rule was the same for the Blackrings. Not that he had any more funds to play with after today.

Suddenly, Fenny stood up from his seat.

"Where are you going, master?" Bonny asked.

Fenny didn't say anything and started to walk over to one of the other VIP seats in the room with a smile on his face. He eventually stopped at the Old man from the Empire and whispered into his ear everything he had managed to figure out so far. He told the Old man all of it, and then made a suggestion.

"How about you and me team up on this one. Maybe we can be partners once again." Fenny said.

The relationship between the two wasn't the best after the Empire had decided to cut ties with the Balckwings. Still, right now, they both had a common enemy, and Fenny felt like their relationship was only sour in the first place due to the Redwings.

The Old man didn;t say anything back to Fenny but just smiled and raised his panel.

"1600 gold coins, final offer." The Old man said.

With both of their remaining funds put together, they felt like they had just enough to outbid Ray. Now they just needed to hope he no longer had any more money.

On the stage, Rachel had somewhat an understanding of what was going on; when she looked at the Old man, thoughts ran through her head. She started to think back about all of her friends in the cave.

'Will I never see them again.' The sobbing continued once more.

Hearing this vast sum, that was nearly enough to buy a small town. Or would be around a month's worth of income for a city. Steven fell to his knees, thinking there was no possible way for them to save Rachel now.

If he could, Steven would have tried fighting his way out of here, but it was too risky. Every time he wanted to pluck up the courage to strike, the images of the kids outside that still needed him would appear in his head.

The yellow knights in Zrey were just too strong. He himself was unable to defeat one of the captain knights, and there were four of them. Even if Jack was powerful enough to take on one while he took on the other, what could they do about the rest? They would all be slaughtered.

On the floor, Steve continued to slam his fist into the ground.

Fenny and the Old man seeing this now, knew that they were spot on. They had indeed come to save the little girl.

"Sold for 1600 gold coins!" The auctioneer said.

Steve continued to slam into the ground, and his mask had fallen from his face.

Rachel, still on stage, noticed the large man's strange actions when she looked over a familiar figure. She had spent so much time looking at this man that she recognised him instantly.

"Steve!" She called out without a second thought. "Steve!" She shouted again, this time, with tears coming down her face. "Please… Please… save me!" She said.

His hands were now shaking, not knowing what to do. "I….I…Can't...Can..I?" At this moment, all he wanted was someone to guide him. Someone to show him what he should do.

Just then, a hand was seen in front of his eyes.

"Stand up." The voice said. "I said, stand up." Said once again, this was said loudly and in anger. The whole room froze, hearing the sudden loud voice.

When looking up, Steve could see that it was Ray's hand. Without a second thought, he decided to take it. When the two hands connected, Ray used Mana share to give back the mana taken from him earlier. Steve suddenly felt reenergized once more.

"We are moving on to plan B," Ray said.

"Plan B, what's Plan B?" Steven asked.

From his dimensional space, Ray bounded on all his equipment. Using the blood forging technique form Raten the small dwarf, his equipment was now bound to him and instantly put on. The downside was he could no longer sell the equipment as it could only be used with him.

Now standing in his full gear, Ray looked like a completely different person. He looked like a seasoned Adventurer who had been through many battles.

"We fight, I'm not going to let anyone leave this room."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 389 - Werewolf Mania
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The loud words, "Stand Up" Ray said rang through their minds.?The room was now silent from the words shouted. Something about the voice gave off the feeling that they needed to listen to it, otherwise, they didn't know what might happen.

Fenny, who was closest to Ray, who was looking at him, was the only one out of the VIP members that could tell what he was about to do. As Ray looked up at the stage, he could see it in his eyes. He was ready to fight. The other VIP members were nobles, merchants, and high ranking officials in their kingdoms. Most of them had never even seen or participated in a battlefield.

For Lenny though, it was different. As a guild leader, he saw this look in peoples' eyes too many times.

"Bony, we need to leave now," Lenny whispered to his guard.

"What do you mean, boss? What's he going to do with no equipment or weapons?"

Fenny pulled him by the collar. "Just listen to me and leave right now."

While everyone was busy looking and Ray and Steven, without warning the others, Fenny decided to leave the room. But just as they were about to open the doors, Fenny took one last look behind him. At this moment, Ray had equipped all of the equipment in his dimensional space, looking like a seasoned adventurer.

His gut instinct was correct. Right now, with no plans himself, he wouldn't dare think about fighting Ray. However, he promised himself that one day he would come back to the Redwing army and have his revenge. The two of them quickly left without the other realising.

Steven, now energised, was ready to transform at any second, and wanted to believe in Ray's words. For some reason, just touching him seemed to give him strength.

Pointing his hand out with his palm open, he directed it at Russell, who still held one of the electrical spears.

"No, I promised I would leave you to Jack," he said as he moved his finger to the guard on the other side.

"What does he plan to do?" the other members thought while watching. "He's too far to place an attack."

Ray then said, "Fireball."

From the palm of his hand, a medium-sized fire started to form.

"You go die first," Ray said.

As the ball grew to the appropriate size, Ray released the attack. But then, at the same time the attack was released, a strong force was felt. It moved in far quicker than he had expected, not giving Ray the appropriate time to react. The force knocked and lifted his hand just as the fireball left, causing the attack to deviate to the roof of the auction house.

As the fireball continued to move forward, it soon hit the roof of the building and burst into flames. The attack was far more powerful than any of the others had expected as a hole was left in the building. The rubble was even starting to crumble away and fall to the ground.

Panic suffused throughout the room as the VIP members ran about while their guards tried to get them to safety.

"Come on, this way!" A guard shouted to one of the VIP members they were meant to protect.

After making sure they were okay, they made a run to the door.

"It's true! The red wings are crazy! This is neutral ground, what are they doing?!" a man screamed.

Just as they were about to arrive at the door, another figure appeared directly in front of it.

A man lifted his hand, shaking as he pointed towards the figure. He then looked back behind him, before returning his gaze to his front.

"There's two, but how? Are they twins?"

Ray could clearly see the Black ring members leaving, but at the time, he felt that rescuing Rachel was the top priority. Still, he didn't want any of the others to leave. Anyone willing to take part in such a sick and cruel event didn't deserve to get off scot-free.

With the clone stopping the guards and the others from leaving, Ray had a little trouble of his own. When he looked down, he noticed that it was one of the yellow knights who had predicted his attacks. Unfortunately, it wasn't just any yellow knight, for his helmet was slightly different than the others, which indicated he was one of the captain knights.

He had knocked Ray's hand just as the attacks were about to happen.

"I knew you guys were going to be trouble," Ray thought. The captains were quite skilled, and it seemed like the armour really did suppress their true power.

"Quickly!" Russell shouted, "Call all the knights from the town and have them come towards the auction house! These people must not live! Also, get the mages out here at this instant!"

At that moment, knights from behind the curtain had come out, as well as four yellow-robed mages. Alongside the knights were the four previously chained-up werewolves that had been sold.

Seeing Ray's magical power, it was no wonder he wasn't afraid, thought Steven. However, it didn't look like it was going to be easy to get out of here, nevermind rescuing the others.

Nevertheless, the fight had already started, so there was only one thing he could do.

"You're going to need a little help!" Steven said.

With a roar, his skin started to change. His muscles slightly grew as his body started to transform. Eventually, he had fully transformed into a brown coloured werewolf with a scar over one of its eyes.

One captain was stationed by Russell at all times, the other was with Ray. Now, ten yellow knights stood in front of the four werewolf captives, as well as Rachel, with the mages covering all of them.

"Grant the seal!" Russell commanded. At that moment, the Mages placed their hands on the back of each of the werewolves, and soon, a small crest was starting to form. The light on the back glowed, confirming that the slave seal had been placed.

"You have been an annoyance in my backside, Steven. I should have killed you when I had the chance," Russell said. "Let's see how you fight against your own so-called brothers. All those with the seal, attack the werewolves and the red-headed man."

The seal started to glow as immense pain started to course throughout the four captives' bodies. Slowly, they too started to transform. Their eyes now glowed a slight red as if they were possessed by the order of the seal.

"Attack!"

Since the chains had been removed, the werewolves pounced towards both Ray and Steve's direction without hesitation.

"Damn, it's a werewolf mania in here," Ray could not help but say.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 390 - Are they all like this?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside of the training hall, both Jack and Katy's group were waiting patiently. Both groups had passed each other several times while going up and down the stalls but never spoke to each other once. However, the merchants behind the stalls were starting to get annoyed. As it seemed, both Jack's and Katy's group were there for no good reason.

They had been there for a while now, yet not one of them had bought a single item. They walked up and down one time, this time passing each other. Once again, as Jack walked past Katy, his eyes were glued to the strange scarf around her neck.

"I'm sure I've seen it before, and what she and the group are doing here. They stayed here for far too long and bought nothing. It's really suspicious."

"But we haven't bought anything either…?" said Claire, "Doesn't that make us suspicious as well."

"But we know why we're here. What reason do they have for being here, and I can't get that scarf out of my head." Although Jack still couldn't remember, he was sure he had seen it before and convinced they were here for bad reasons he had enough. There were so many enemies that they had made in the past. The Black guild. The Shadow plague and the Black rings. All of these groups used black as their color.

'She has to be part of one of these.'

Leaving these kids not too far away from himself by one of the stalls, he finally decided to walk over to the girl wearing the strange scarf.

All Katy could see was a huge shadow suddenly go over her. "Can I help you?" She asked. Not afraid. She had been tortured and hurt her whole life, and a beating from the man in front of her wasn't going to change a thing.

"Who are you? Are you with the Dark guild?" Jack asked as he reached for the scarf.

At that moment, Katy lent back, trying to avoid it, but Jack was simply too fast. The tip of his fingers had managed to grab the scarf, and now the marking around her neck was revealed.

She quickly, not wanting to cause attention and trouble for all those around her, covered it up with her hand.

"What are you doing, you big ape!" She shouted. "Are you trying to undress me in public?" This was the only thing she could do. To try to embarrass the man to the point where he would leave her alone.

"You,..that marking. You're with the Red Wings?" Jack said. For the brief second her Neck was visible, he had caught the marking. A marking he would never forget.

"Who are you?" She asked.

*Bang*

At that moment, a large explosion was heard coming from the auction house, and smoke could be seen coming from the roof off one of the buildings.

"Boss!"

"His Majesty!"

They both shouted at the same time.

Quickly, both of them ran towards the auction house. They didn't need it chek, only one person was crazy enough and strong enough to cause a commotion like that.

"Come on, let's go!" Jack shouted.

"Everyone follow me!" Katy ordered as well.

If a commotion was happening, then there was no running away from this one, soon more knights would be heading this way, and the kids were a lot safer next to Jack than away. He also knew if he told them to go into hiding, they wouldn't listen.

The two teens, the middle-aged women, and the two kids ran up ahead.

As Jack turned his head slightly, he also saw Katy and the nine others in armor behind her.

"I don't know who you are, but if you have that marking, then that means we are on the same side," Jack shouted behind him.

"I will, and promise to protect all those of the Red wings marking. So please don't get yourselves killed and stay close." Jack said.

Katy wasn't quite sure who this man was, and she hadn't been in the Red wings long. She didn't even know what type or group of people they were. She just had a debt to pay to Ray, and she would do so. However, her first meeting with another member was one she could never dream of.

'Are all the Red wings like this?' She said as she smiled and entered the auction house. 'Looks like I made the right decision.'

****

The werewolves had jumped down from the stage and immediately went for Steven. Ray tried walking ahead, but the Captain yellow knight threw out a kick. At the last second, Ray had dodged the attack.

"You are seriously beginning to annoy me, do you know that." Said Ray.

As the werewolves came forward, Steven jumped back, avoiding their attacks. However, there were too many claws coming at him together, and one even managed to get him right across his chest. He howled in pain. Watching this, Russell knew what was happening, and it was pricey why he had chosen to do this.

No matter what, Steven refused to attack them back.

"Hit them!" Ray shouted as he kicked the captain knight away and across the room. "If you don't, they'll kill you."

"I can't!" Steven shouted back. "They're not doing this out of choice."

"Then swap," Ray said.

Again, Ray tried to dash forward, yet, a spear came flying from the side; seeing this, Ray spun, avoiding most of the attack; still, the tip of the blade managed to cause a slight scratch on his cheek, and blood started to drip slightly from it. However, the color wasn't bright red like usual but was somewhat black.

"Oh, I see someone wants to die first." Although Ray was powerful, fast, and had plenty of magical ability, he hadn't been using his skills recently, which had caused him to dull. He had relied on his powerful magic far too often. When fighting multiple enemies, there were times when he couldn't use magic like so.

Now, Ray not only had to deal with the two captain knights, but he also had to defeat the ten regular nights as well. At the same time, Steven was busy with the werewolves.

"Ha, ha, ha." Russell started laughing hysterically. I thought you were stronger than this. Where did all your confidence go?"

"Look out, sir!" The captain night said to his side, as he pulled out a shield and managed to block a blue bolt of lighting just in time.

For a moment, everyone in the room had frozen as they looked at where the attack had come from. Only to see Ray wearing a gauntlet around him, fully electrified.

Ray didn't have the skill of a lightning bolt; instead, he had taken a dagger of one of the knights he fought. Then using the lightning element, he electrified the dagger, giving it a small boost as he threw it.

"He has the lighting element as well." One of the mages on stage said. "Who is this guy?"

"What are you guys doing," Russell shouted. "Go help the nights." He commended the four mages who had been standing on stage this whole time. Not thinking they would have to get involved against two people.

"Damn, if they join, and with Steven being a wimp. I don't know how much longer I can last without blowing this whole place to smithereens."

"Looks like you've got your hands full for once!" A familiar voice said.

When looking behind him, he could not only see Jack with his team but Katy as well.

"Charge, attack!" Katy commanded.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 391 - A small sun
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before Jack and the others had entered the place, it so happened that Ray was dealing with the two captains at the same time. He was able to dodge every single one of their strikes. One of them seemed to be using some form of martial arts and was fighting mainly with his fists. While the other was a spear user.

Every time, Ray would finally be able to knock one out, the other would stand up. Not only were they skilful but seemed to be resilient as well. When Ray tried to use his magic powers instead, they would often stop him beforehand. It was clear they had a lot of experience when it came to fighting.

However, this wasn't the only reason why Ray was unable to deal with the nights quickly, his attention was focused all over the place, trying to figure what the best thing to do was and what surprised him the most, was his clone that was holding back the other VIP members and their guards.

It had been defeated and Ray wasn't even able to see how. The clone contained fifty per cent of Ray's strength. He thought that would be enough to deal with them. But it looked like the other kingdoms wasn't as weak as Ray initially thought and some of them had brought quite the skilful guards with them.

A short while after, it was there that Jack and the others had arrived with Katy charging in with her group.

"What is all this?!" Russel asked. "Who are all these people? Send another message, where are the two remaining guards? Have them come in here immediately. I don't care what's happening outside. Every knight in this city needs to come here right now!"

Hearing this command, Ray decided to use his dragon eyes to take a peek outside. Ever since he had evolved his vision and senses had improved and he could tell right now, multiple people and the remaining two captains were heading this way.

"Jack I leave this place to you. I'll make sure no one else makes it inside." Ray shouted as he stormed off.

"Leave it to me.??

Once Ray was outside he was able to see the number of people coming towards them... The two captains had two squads with about thirty soldiers each heading towards the auction house. However, there was an even bigger problem.

There were still a lot of people and merchants outside. Just like inside he wouldn't be able to fight at his full strength, unless he was prepared to hurt all the others.

'Why do I care?' Ray thought. "The people that come here aren't good people anyway."

Just then, a little girl holding a basket came up to Ray.

"Hey mister, would you like to purchase some cookies I made. You don't have to pay at all! I just want to share them with everyone." She said with a sweet smile. She clearly didn't understand the meaning of 'purchase'.

'You can't be…serious.' Ray thought.

"Little girl, move," Ray said in a menacing voice.

The girl broke down in tears as she quickly ran away, but it was for a good reason because soon everyone would be out of here.

[Skill activated Dragon's Roar]

Stomping the ground and spreading his two feet wide. Ray took in a deep breath and belted as loud as he could a fearsome roar. Before when activating this skill he would try to suppress it as much as possible. Such a loud and menacing sound wasn't possible for a human, but now he was trying his best to get everyone to go away.

What Ray didn't realise was due to them being underground, the sound was magnified even further. It was so loud it could be heard through the entire town.

The merchant owners placed their hands over their ears, and the others in the town looked at each other in horror.

"What was that!"

"It must have been a beast!"

"I heard an explosion earlier as well, a beast must have come into the city."

"Did you hear that, it doesn't seem weak either, I also saw all the knights running towards the auction house that must be where it's at?"

Ray didn't realise it but the effect of his roar had spread throughout the town. With rumours quickly spreading that a horrible beast had arrived. It was helped by the fact, they could see all the knights running towards the auction house in a panic.

Quickly, people started to gather their belongings and tried their best to leave the city of Drey as soon as possible.

The dragon's roar had completed what Ray wished and now when looking in front of the auction house there wasn't a single person that remained. They had all fled. Trying their best to leave the city.

Still, he managed to confirm with his dragon eyes that the army and two captains were still coming towards them.

"Now to get rid of you all as fast as possible. I'm going to need to borrow your power Avrion."

There was one reason why Ray could use his powers freely. It was all due to the fact that every member of the Redwing Army was connected. At any point and time, Ray could use the mana steal to anyone who had signed the contract.

[Fire energy skill activated]

[All fire based spells have been doubled]

Lifting both his hands in the air, he started to gather all the fire power possible using his remaining mana. Then slowly he started to use that of the members back in Avrion.

Suddenly, Slyvia felt weak, and so did several other members. "Ray," she said and clicked her tongue. "You're causing trouble again aren't you?"

As if he could hear what he was saying, right after he replied.

"I'm sorry, but it's for a good cause."

The knights had finally arrived and in the distance, they could see a huge glowing orange object. The light could be seen from a while back as it was illuminating the whole town like some type of sun. However, they continued to move forward on their orders, but now standing in front of the auction house they could finally see.

A single man who held up what looked like a miniature version of the sun in his hands.

"Perish!" Ray cried out as he chucked the giant ball of flames in the knight's direction.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 392 - Zrey no more
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seeing the giant ball of fire light up the entire city caused the citizens to panic even more. It couldn't have possibly been anything but a powerful beast. No human would be able to achieve something so big. The last few who had chosen to stay in the city had now changed their mind and were trying their best to leave as soon as possible.

However, leaving the town wasn't an easy task. There were only two entrances into the city that was built underground, and this had caused a massive queue on either side. Not only that, but there weren't enough workers or knights to keep the whole commotion in order since they had been called to deal with the problem at the auction house.

A large crowd of people had gathered at each of the exits carrying all of their belongings. They continued to shove and push each other as if their lives were depending on it.

At one of the towers by the exit, the workers who were in charge of opening and closing the entrance were troubled with what to do. The standard procedure meant they had a routine they needed to go through before letting out each person from the town. This was to make sure the city of Zrey remained a secret to the outside.

An old man stood looking at the chaos below.

"It's clear as day to anyone watching this. This is?the end of the town known as Zrey." With that, he closed his eyes and said a little prayer. "Open the doors, both of them. These people aren't animals; they can leave when they want. If the Dem's have a problem with it, they can come to me!" The man ordered.

Just then, from the tower off in the distance, he saw a large ball of fire incoming towards them in a projectile; as it hit the ground, it had erupted into flames.

"Quickly." The old man said. "We're getting out of here as well."

In front of the auction house, the ball of fire had just been thrown by Ray. Not only was the attack massive, but it was strong as well. When one would use magic from a fire attack, they often didn't act like normal flames that fed off oxygen to keep itself burning. Instead, it would get its power from the user.

Once all the magic had been used up, that was put into the attack, the flames would disappear. As this happened, Ray looked at the scene in front of him, and there was nothing left. All the stalls that were once there were now turned into ashes.

However, when looking further ahead at where he had thrown the attack, something had surprised him. The yellow knights hadn't obliterated with the flames. Though they were all knocked out on the floor, their bodies have not disappeared. And not just that, but two of the knights remained standing on their feet—one who wielded a shield and one who wielded a sword.

These were the respective captains of their squads.

"Is it the yellow armor that saved them from the attack? There must be something more behind this than that meets the eye." Ray thought.

The two captains felt they were duty-bound and continued to head forward. Even though they had seen such an inhuman action, they thought if such a person were to present an attack, they would have to be weak or low on power. No human would be able to have that amount of magical power.

Ray, seeing these two men march forward to him he suddenly came up with an idea.

"It seems like my fighting skills have rusted quite a bit," Ray said as he walked down from the auction stairs and towards the two knights. "I tell you what, cause I need to freshen up the fighting skills. I won't use any magic and just use my fists."

The two knights looked at each other, slightly confused. Wasn't this man a mage? How is he able to deal with two experienced fighters? Still, he did wear the armor of that of a warrior, so his words might have actually held some truth.

"Well, what are you waiting for," Ray said, punching his fist into his hand.

Inside the auction house, Russell had no clue what was happening outside. A massive explosion and commotion were heard, but he simply thought it was them fighting. He knew Ray was strong, but there was no way one man could deal with a whole army by himself.

`All I need to do is get rid of these guys, this will clear all of my obstacles, and I can live the best life with no problems." He thought, unaware of what had happened with the current citizens and people inside the town.

Katy and the others were busy fighting the regular yellow knights while Jack dealt with the other two captains. However, there was an experience when it came to fighting, which was really starting to show. No amount of equipment or beast gear could turn sudden slaves into fighters.

There were a few who had some experience and were managing just to hold on. Even Katy herself, who used to be a soldier, was struggling against the knights. They were older, stronger, and faster when it came to their attacks. Yet, she had never heard of a secret army being so well trained before. It also started to make her wonder how Russell was able to get them to be this skilled in the first place.

It was clear, if the fight were to continue, they would lose.

When Jack was going up against the two captains, he fared a bit better than Ray. This was due to Jack not caring about whether he got hit or not by the weapons. As they scratched and scr.a.p.ed his body, they would quickly heal after. But there was another real problem. No matter how many times Jack would knock the captain yellow knights down, it seemed like they would get back up again.

'Are these guys zombies?' Jack thought.

Someone fired an energy blast from the back, which managed to hit him right on the snout. When he looked where it had come from, it seemed the magicians on stage had now also joined the fight. It was clear they were outnumbered, and something needed to be done to turn the tides. The question was, what?

'I'll get rid of the annoying ones first!' Jack thought as he ran and leapt over the two yellow captains and landed directly on stage where the mages were.

Four energy blasts from the palm of their hands came out and hit Jack all over, but they did nothing to him while he was in his werewolf form.

With a single swipe, one of the mages went flying through the air and the backstage curtain, crashing into the items that were meant for sale. Unlike the yellow knights, the mages didn't have the armor protecting them, and they didn't get back up.

"He's going for the mages," Russel said, panicking. "I need them for the slave contracts. He'll ruin my business."

Seeing this, only one thing sprang into his mind.

"Stop right there, Jack!" Russel shouted.

Jack had dealt with another mage already before hearing the voice and turning around and when he did. He was shocked to see his father holding up a sword towards the neck of Rachel.

"If you don't stop, I'll kill her right here," Russell said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 393 - Take off the armour
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside just in front of the auction house, the land was now hard and dry. It had been completely transformed into what it was once years ago, and it was all thanks to a powerful individual named Ray.

A sword went swinging just over his head as he managed to duck the attack, then when Ray went to respond with a punch of his own, a loud clanking sound was heard as his fist managed to hit nothing but the hard material of the shield.

The fight between the two captain knights was ongoing, and it seemed like both of the equipment being used was at the King Tier. A class above any equipment that Ray personally owned. It was hard even with his full strength to make a dent in the shield, and with the sharp sword swing carefully, he had to do everything he could to dodge it.

'I'm starting to regret saying I wasn't going to use magic, but I must keep my word.'

Memories of how he used to fight started to resurface, as the black sash footwork had come back to him. At this point and time, he wished he had spent more time learning swordsmanship skills from Harry. It would have helped him to be more versatile; however, Ray knew if he used his sword, he would only lose to the yellow guard.

When fighting against Harry, the only reason he won was due to his absurd strength and the fact that he had a higher quality weapon. However, here he had nether, his sword and skills were lacking in that department.

"But I still have strength and speed," Ray said as he jumped back slightly, avoiding a wide swing heading downward with the sword. He quickly followed the sword hitting the back of it, carrying its momentum forward and into the ground with his foot. Its strength and sharpness had now become its weakness and cut into the ground like butter until eventually, it stopped there and got stuck.

Ray smiled before proceeding to pound the knight in the face as hard as he possibly could. The man's body lifted in the air and even spun a few times before hitting the ground.

The other captain knight charged forward, but all he had was a shield, it was handy when stopping Ray's powerful attacks, but the same couldn't be said when trying to hurt him. Charging forward using all his weight, he barged the shield into Ray, hoping to knock him off balance.

When the knight made contact, he noticed he couldn't proceed to move further forward, peeking over the shield, he could see a smile. Not the one of a man, but one that came from the devil himself.

"I'll be taking both this sword and shield; it will be a nice addition to my collection," Ray said.

Using his strength, he pulled the sword out from the ground. It looked so easy as if he was King Arthur, destined to pull the sword out from the stone. Once in his hand, the man braced himself, covering and hiding behind the shield, but there was no attack.

"Sorry, but I don't want to ruin my nice new shield," Ray said, as he delivered a blow from behind. The sword slashed through diagonally from the bottom across the back of the chest piece, and for the first time, it seemed like the robust and sturdy armour was broken.

At the back, it was cut, the armour had fallen to the floor away from the knight. Strangely like all the times before, where the knight could get back up nearly instantly, it seemed like he was struggling.

Using his Dragon eyes, Ray started to see something very odd. An energy seemed to be escaping from the armor, running about wildly as if the armour itself was alive. Now when looking at the man, he looked incredibly weak.

Picking up the piece from the ground, that strange energy could be felt. It wasn't from the Shadow Plague but was along the same lines. The Shadow Plague would have tried stealing the energy or something else. This was just a simply a well-done enhancement.

'Their power, it doesn't come from themselves, but it comes from the armour, there just as strong as regular knights. No wonder they were able to have so many skilled warriors.'

The man from earlier stood up, he had no blade in his hand, but he still took a fighting stance.

'I might have to help the others inside, as it's looking like they're not quite done yet.' Ray said, as he also sent a message to Katy informing her of what he had just found out.

Back inside the auction house, in the VIP room, Katy had received the message from Ray. She immediately informed the others.

"Aim for the armour, try to take it off; otherwise, they'll just keep coming back up!" She shouted.

It managed to give her group a little bit of confidence, but quite frankly, it still seemed like an impossible task; all they could do was buy time.

Jack himself was facing a dilemma on the stage, his transformation was canceled, and now he had reverted to his human form. His shirt had been ripped, so he only had an outstretched pair of trousers on him. What surprised Russell was there wasn't a single scratch on him.

"What are you doing, father?" Jack said. "You aren't really going to hurt that girl, are you?"

He took a step forward, and at the same time, the blade that was pressed against Rachel's neck moved slightly, drawing black blood out on the tip.

Suddenly, Jack stopped, not only because he didn't want Rachel to get hurt but because he couldn't believe what his father had just done. Deep down somewhere, he prayed that his father wasn't the one behind everything; he remembered his father as a good man. But the man in front of him wasn't a good man but a beast in the human body.

"Russell, this has gone too far." His mother, who was standing off to the side behind the curtain, said.

"Shut up!" Russell snapped back. "You are guilty in all of this just as much as I am. Don't start being righteous with me now.

"Why!" Jack said. "Just tell me why you are doing this, maybe if I can understand. If you were always this cruel, then why did you let me live?"

"Right!" Russell said. "Why did I let you live? If I had found out early enough that my own blood was a monster, I would have never let you live.."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 394 - The Dems past
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Russell continued to nervously hold the knife up by Rachel's neck. The fighting off the stage continued and even Jack's mother who was slightly off to the side looked worried. When looking into his father's eyes, it seemed like he was slightly going mad at everything.

"All of this shouldn't be happening. What did I do wrong?" Russell said. "Do people care when we sell cows or chickens? Isn't this exactly the same thing! And you." Russel said, looking towards Jack. "Unlike the others, you have my blood running through your veins, you should be on my side, not theirs."

"Is that why you didn't kill me??Because I was your son? Then please explain to me, perhaps if you explain it to me then maybe I'll understand you." Jack of course could never forgive his father now. It was clear that he had gone too far. But his father was beyond reason and he could see these words were starting to work.

"I grew this whole town to what it is today. When I found this place by accident, there was nothing but abandoned buildings and that strange yellow armour. However, I soon realised that the armour was different. It was a gold mine in disguise, with the ability to enhance anyone who was wearing its power."

'That sounds like the shadow plague, is it connected?' Jack thought.

"But, Fate hadn't denied and abandoned me yet, not only was their armour left behind, but also a single female. Who had been chained up on one of the walls, they were left here for whatever reason. When I started to approach her and she saw me I quickly realised why. She was a monster. She changed in an instant to that hideous form and tried to attack me. I managed to dodge but not far enough and she had caused a large cut going across my leg.

"Because of that vicious beast, I couldn't move or escape from the cave until I had healed. For at the time there was a battle going on outside. It was how I had discovered the underground town in the first place, looking for a place to hide. If I had left with the injury I would have been killed.

"Every day I came back to antagonize the women who had injured me, who forced me to find scraps to live off in the cave. I had to eat bugs and plants I had never eaten before just to get by and then one day. The women didn't attack me, and instead, she remained there still.

"I wondered why, until underneath, I could see eight children that had been born. It was a strange sight to see, for she had no large belly but then I quickly realised she wasn't human. The babies at first were small in size and they quickly grew into regular-sized human babies in front of my very eyes.

"Knowing what they would become I thought it would be best to kill them, but then I thought if I could raise them then maybe I could use them in the future. At that time during my search, I found the strange yellow armour and wrapped it around my leg to strengthen it when walking, and that was when I discovered the special properties of the armour.

"Suddenly, like a spark it hit me. These two things would make me rich. I would no longer have to be a knight on the front lines, I could live a life of luxury."

After hearing the story Jack didn't know what to think. Was he meant to sympathise with his father after that... When hearing all those words he could only think this person was pure Evil. Only an insane person would be able to understand what was going through his head.

"But I don't understand, how am I a werewolf if you're not one then?"

Then the look of shock on his mother's face came, slowly the shock started to turn to anger, and seeing the little girl even she felt like she had enough. This was all too much for her.

"I was fine with the slaves, I was fine with the selling of the wolves, but later on I found out that the thing he found so disgusting. He was sleeping with them." She said as she pointed her finger aggressively.

"Ah yes, but it wasn't out of love like for you my dear," Russell said. "It was to show her their place, to get her back for attacking me. What I didn't realise though was if a human was to breed with a werewolf, there is only a fifty percent chance of the offspring becoming one as well.

"Usually, there are certain features that are uncontrolled for werewolves when they turn five years old. Perhaps on an accident, they turn their hands out of anger, or like little Rachel here a tail appears on her behind. But you showed nothing, yet you were incredibly skilled. You showed promise, so I decided to raise you like a true son of my own.

"Still, you weren't ready to learn of the family business yet, it seemed like you were too attached to that brother of yours. He had already shown signs and we told him to keep it a secret from you. If he was to suddenly disappear at such a young age you would have asked questions. So we decided to send you away, hoping you would never learn the truth.

"Turns out you were part of them all along."

Just then from the double doors, Ray had entered the room after defeating the two captain knights outside. Russel seeing this, couldn't believe it.

"My army, how are you still here? Where are they?" Russell asked.

From the back entrance, one of the knights had entered and came from behind the curtain. "Sir, we need help immediately. The whole town. They're trying to flee the city. We can't hold them at the gate any longer. The men where are the men!" The knight shouted.

"I was about to ask you the same thing!" Russel shouted back. "Where are the men?!"

Then suddenly from the side. One of the slaves had been chucked over onto the stage. However, Russell was too stunned to notice what was happening. He was still trying to process all of the information. As the slave's body banged into Russell, the knife fell out from his hand and the whole bodies banged into each other becoming a large pile.

Jack quickly rushed over, too worried, he lifted and threw his father off to the side like a lightweight, before throwing the slave as well to the other. He didn't even know what he was doing but just wanted to know Rachel was okay.

"No, No, No…!" Jack cried.

He looked down, his hands soaked in dark black and red blood. When the bodies had collided, the blade had impaled the middle of her chest. Her eyes looked to be in pain, and small amounts of blood was dripping from her neck as well.

With her held in both of his hands, a strange feeling started to come over him. An energy boiling up stronger then he had ever felt before. This wasn't just anger, it was something else as well.

His head lifted looking at the ceiling and his eyes had completely gone red, not even the white could now be seen.

"WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Jack cried into the sky. The sound was piercing loud, it had caused the others to stop…

Then, a strange reaction had occurred. All the werewolves who were busy fighting with Steve, including Steve himself, also had the urge to howl. At once, they started to howl and now everyone was covering their ears, including Ray who was more sensitive than the others.

He had completely fallen to the floor covering his ears.

"This power," Steve said. "I knew it, brother. You are an alpha wolf."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 395 - Never again
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The howling roars and cries had stopped, and finally, Ray was able to uncover his ears. He looked around the room, and it looked like he wasn't the only one that had stopped moving.

The cry's seemed to have frozen everyone in place, but it was only moments after, that the fighting started again, as the sound of swords clanging against swords started.

"I have to help Katy and the others first," Ray said. "They look to be in the most trouble."

Steven stood there, with newfound energy, it has been a long time since he had felt this powerful before. The cry of an alpha. During his time in the other werewolf camp, he had experienced this a few times while fighting. An alpha wolf was able to power up the werewolves around him, giving them a newfound strength.

The wounds that had been dealt to him from the other wolves, started to heal. If he had incredible healing speed before, this looked now almost unnatural.

The problem was, he wasn't the only one that had powered up, so had the other five that were fighting him just moments ago. He readied himself, to go through a battle of hell. He still wasn't committed to hurting his fellow brothers, but seeing Jack react like that on stage while having Rachel held in his hands. It was clear it wasn't a good sign.

He could no longer be the nice guy he usuelly was. With his determination, he was ready to strike back.

"Come on!" Steven managed to growl out through his snout. If one was to concentrate, perhaps they could tell what he was saying. It was proof he had a lot more practice when it came to being a werewolf then Jack had.

But, something unexpected had happened. Instead of attacking him, the five werewolves all turned around. They immediately started to go to the aid of Katy and the others fighting. They swung and clashed, tearing of the yellow pieces of armour with a single swing. Their attacks were more powerful compared to before.

With the yellow armour destroyed, the knights were not getting back up again.

When looking closely, Steve noticed, the slave seal that had been cast on them, it was no longer there. The roar of the alpha had given them enough strength to break the seal.

The tide had turned, and even the kids who had been staying at the back joined in on the fight.

On stage, Jack carefully laid Rachel down on the floor, from behind, the final guard Captian came charging in. Without even looking at him when he was in range. Jack twisted his body and gave a large swipe. With a single hand, a large wound appeared across his chest as he went flying through the air and into the wall.

The captain, would not be getting up anymore.

His father, who was still on the stage on the floor started to scurry his feat, looking around trying to grab anything as a weapon, but he couldn't find anything.

"Jane, come here, help me!" Russell said, calling out for his dear wife. But she had long already left out of the back entrance with a few others.

"You can't kill your father, can you. You will truly be a monster." Russell said as Jack continued to walk towards him.

"Look, I'll give you anything, we can rule this town together. You can have all the wealth you want. I'll even stop selling wolves, we'll just go into human sla…" Before he could finish his last words. Jack had made a single swipe towards his father's neck, and shortly after blood started to flow before collapsing to his death.

The fight in the room was now quickly coming to an end, as they were able to turn the tides, and Jack had cancelled his transformation to hurry back to Rachel.

"Ray, please come quickly!" Jack cried, and Ray in nearly an instant was by Jack's side. The two of them looked at Rachel's body on the stage. The sword impaled inside her.

"Can you save her?" Jack asked.

Ray placed his hands on top of her body near the wound. He started to provide her with all the mana he could. At the same time, he tried to activate the cells in her body, allowing her to heal. However, everything he was doing had no effect. Ray continued to try, thinking of everything he could, and now he was starting to feel weak for how much mana he had used.

Tears were flowing down from Jack's eyes and from the corner of his eyes, he could see this. For whatever reason, he did not know, but a massive pain stung in his heart when he saw Jack like this.

Ray tired, and tired again, but still, nothing seemed to be working.

"It's okay, Ray, that's enough," Jack said. "Let her rest in peace."

He lifted his hands of Rachel body, and in truth, Ray knew the moment he touched Rachel she was already gone. Even as a Dragon, Ray could do many things with his magic. His skills currently were lacking compared to back then, but there was one thing that was never possible. He couldn't bring back the dead.

It was a lost cause the second he touched her, but it pained him not to see Rachel's death, but Jack so upset.

"I'm sorry Jack, If I only I stayed here, maybe I could have done…"

"Enough, Ray." Jack snapped. "No way in hell is any of this your fault. Remember you weren't even meant to be here in the first place. I was the one that asked you to come to Zrey with me."

He stood up with Rachel In his hands and walked to the front of the stage. The werewolves started to howl at there fellow brethren that had died.

Claire and Zinc couldn't get up from thier knees, and the two kids behind them didn't fully understand what was happening.

"The town of Zrey is no longer." Said Jack. "Never shall thier be an auction taking place here again. Rachel's death was not in vain. Today because of her a good cause had happened, and I pledge that I will never allow another life like hers to be taken again."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 396 - A split group
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With everything settled in the auction house, there were a few more things they needed to do before leaving the town of Zrey. Jack carried Rachel in his hands as the whole group followed him outside. When they all left, everyone was in for a huge surprise for when they had entered the auction house, it looked a lot different now exiting it.

They all stood outside lined up looking at the reformed front entrance, all the stalls that used to be there had disappeared. The land that was once green was now black with ash, and the most surprising thing was the fact that everything was quiet. The sound would often echo in the underground city but not right now.

"Ray, did you do all of this?" Jack asked.

"I may have... rushed things a little?" Ray said.

The others turned to him and looked at Ray differently than before, he was a king, an adventurer and also someone who had high levels of advanced magic.

'Did he hold back in the auction house for fear of hurting us all?' Steven thought.

It now became clear why Jack was travelling with this man, and with the two of them, they could probably do great things for the land of Bronzeland.

In front of the auction house, Jack dug up a burial for Rachel. The group had a couple of minutes of silence to show their respects for her and the teenegers along with the kids still hadn't stopped their tears.

The werewolves and Steven headed off to the Dem mansion, there were still captives left underneath, and perhaps they could find a few more things as well. While Ray decided to stay behind with Katy and the others at the auction house. There were a lot of valuable items that had been left behind, including the king tier crystal, which would possibly be a great help when creating Jack's new weapon.

As Steven and the other wolves walked through the entire city, they realised everyone had really up and left the place. They couldn't imagine what they had seen to cause them to all suddenly leave like that.

As expected, when they arrived at the mansion, they were still wolves underneath tied up. Ten females in total and a few kids who were a little older than Rachel. Not old enough to be sold as fighters just yet, or perhaps ready to be sold in the next auction.

The two groups once done with everything they needed to, had met up just outside the north exit. There were a total of three carriages, including the special one that Ray had brought with them. Each one was filled with equipment and gold from the auction house. Katy was in charge of riding the special vehicles while the rest of the ex-slaves stayed in the back with the goods in the other carriages.

Then finally, Steven, the five werewolves and the rest of the werewolf slaves had arrived. Some of them looked vastly sick and half beaten, the fear was still sunk deep within their hearts, and when they saw Katy and the others, some of them started to hide behind Steve.

"Humans…No take them away." A female said. Scared for what they might do.

"Don't worry, they are with us, they helped save us." Steven kept telling them in hopes of trying to reassure them, but years of abuse from humans wasn't going to fix them overnight.

The two groups stayed a distance away, while Steven and the others went to meet up with Ray and Jack.

"So, what are you going to do now?" Jack asked. "I have already asked Ray, all of you are free to come to the Redwing kingdom. We don't discriminate, and we can protect you all. It would be nice to catch up with my brother again."

Steven then looked at the scared werewolves behind him, even if what Jack was saying was true, it would be nearly impossible for the others to adjust, which left him with only one choice.

"I think I'm going to head back to the werewolf camp," Steve replied. "And take them with me."

"But, didn't you say you had an argument with him? How you both thought differently, and that's why you left in the first place." Jack said, trying to convince his brother to think otherwise.

"It's true, but his cruelty was only to humans, if I bring them to him, I know they will feel safe, and honestly after what had happened here today? I can't blame him. The extent of what our father had done was worse than I expected, and the humans seem to be crueller than I first thought. I know you want me to come with you, but I have made up my mind."

His brother was stubborn, even when they were kids, and Jack knew that. Even now, the only reason he was still in Zrey was because of this stubbornness, he was selfless and wanted to save them all, and in the end he kind of achieved that.

"I understand."

Steve, then pulled out what looked like a strangely odd book and handed it to Jack. "As a thank you for helping me and the others, give this to Ray, it should come in handy. It goes into detail about how the yellow armour was made. I made a copy myself, but It seems like this place was special to our kind at one point. The yellow armour was originally made for the wolves and not the humans. Still, I think it will be a great help."

It was time to make a decision, both Jack, and Steve had announced to the group where they would be heading off to. They could travel with Ray to the Redwing kingdom, or with Steven, to the unknown but where there were more of their kind.

Of course, Katy and the others were always going to go with Ray, so this was a decision for the wolves. Surprisingly, the first ones to act were the five wolves who were at the auction house, each one of them walked over to where Jack was standing. They didn't say a word, but after feeling and witnessing Jack's power, they felt like they needed to follow him.

Not only that, but Jack was the one who had been able to break their seal.

Of course, the ten Wolves, including the children with them had decided to go over to Steven's side. They knew nothing of Ray, or Jack, but just knew that on the other side they would be going to the kingdom with other humans.

The ones that seemed to struggle were the two teenagers, Claire and Zinc, as well as the kids and middle-aged women who looked after them.

The first to decide was the middle-aged woman, she walked up to the two boys, and lifted them while walking over to Jack's side.

"You two are coming with me, I'll look after you no matter what." She said.

She didn't give her reasons why, but Steve knew. The women knew a little too much about where he would be going.

Then it was time for Zinc and Claire.

"I think I'm going to go with Steven." Zinc said.

"What, but don't you remember the stories he used to tell us? They were cruel, they didn't care about people's lives."

"But look what happened to Rachel!" Zinc shouted. "Maybe he was right, I don't think I can trust humans ever again." Zinc said as he walked over to Steven.

Claire desperately wanted to go over and pull Zinc back, but she couldn't. She could see he seemed to have changed after this experience. He wasn't the same happy teenager in the cave she had spent the last few months with.

"Maybe one day, you will change your mind." She said with a tear in her eye as she went over with Jack.

With that, the two groups left the cave and set off on their way. Not knowing if their paths would cross again, but Steven knew deep down they would.

'Jack, I have done this for you, dear brother, you might not know our wolves' past well but I do. For whenever there are two alpha wolves in existence, there has always been a war. I will do whatever it takes to protect you brother. No more of our family blood shall be spilt.'

****

For artwork and updates, please check out my Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 397 - (RECAP CHAPTER) How Ray became a king
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Message received]

After reading the contents of the letter, Slyvia let out a big sigh of relief.

"So my little sunshine if finally coming back then?" Scarlett said with a bright look on her face. She quickly grabbed one of the cupcakes that were left on the table and proceeded to stuff her face in. It only took a matter of seconds before the whole thing had disappeared.

"Yes..," Slyvia replied, amazed at her monstrous eating speed.?"It seems he finished doing whatever he was up to, but he said it would still be a few days before he got back.

Inside of Slyvia's grand and lavish pink room. In the corner by the window, the two girls were enjoying a midafternoon tea with deserts. Over the past week, Ray's mother Scarlett had been staying at the Redwing kingdom, and Slyiva had made it her duty to look after her.

The only thing was, she didn't realise how difficult it would be.

For some reason, her mind was always busy as she took Ray's mother around the place. It felt like she was showing her own mother her achievements, as she explained everything, she did not want to disappoint her one bit.

And it seemed like she had done an excellent job. When Scarlett had arrived, she had expected to come to the Avrion she once knew off. She had been here only a couple of times, but the city that was imprinted in her mind before, and the one now were not the same one. It was only a couple of years ago that she came here to meet Ray to inform him of what had happened to his father. And yet, in such a small amount of time so much had changed.

What was even more shocking, according to Slyvia,?was this all happened because of Ray. While Slyvia showed the changes that had been made to the city, such as the Redwing guild hall, the steam-powered machinery she started to explain the history of what had occurred.

And Scarlett was Equally keen to listen to how one day in the newspaper she had heard that her Son had become a king.

It all started out with a prophecy, a prophecy from the divine being that a red haired child would either become the saviour or the destroyer of Bronzeland. This led to Ray one of the red haired children, while he was at the academy to being targeted by a group called the Purebloods. A group that believed the red haired children would be the destroyer of Bronzeland.

'How could they think my little Sun would destroy the whole place that's ridiculous!' Scarlett protested.

Little did everyone know that they were working with the Dark guild. Later on during the yearly tournament, the Dark Guild had attacked. There had been attacks before, but never at this level, this was different. For the leader himself, Morfran was involved. At the time the whole city was in a panic, and no one knew the Pure bloods and the Dark guild were working together. When all hope was lost, a saviour had arrived.

'And you're telling me that was my little Ray?' Scarlett said with eyes beaming with excitement.

At the time, no one knew it was Ray, but he had indeed managed to fend off the Dark guild leader and save many of the student's lives. As time continued, Ray and a few others had discovered that Dark guild and the Purebloods seemed to be deeply rooted with the Shadow plague, the ultimate enemy of the human race.

Later on another attack was planned on the Kingdom of Avrion, and it seemed all hope was lost, even with Ray getting rid of the Pureblood leader and scaring off the Dark guild form an underground attack, the Shadow sent some of its strongest beasts to get rid of the city. Ray tried his best but even with hi-strength, he was unable to defeat them. At the last second, we seemed to have been saved by a Blue Wyvern, a powerful smart creature who had made a deal with the Divine being.

Although the attack was stopped, the Avrion that everyone knew was no more, and in turn, Ray made an offer. For everyone to unite under the banner of the Redwings, a group that Ray was secretly building up to defeat the bad inside Avrion.

"I knew it, I knew he was so cool!"

As Avrion began to get rebuilt, Ray went off in search to find more out about the prophecy. Ray had a deep interest in the dragon knights of the past, and one of the weapons that were wielded was called the Dragon hammer. A great powerful item that perhaps could help turn the tide in the war against the shadow plague.

Reports of the dragon hammer had said it had been seen in Kelberg city. While there they had made some friends along the way and eventually discovered the hammer, but it turns out the hammer had possessed a certain individual. Worried it would ruin the city, Ray and the man had a grand duel. In the end, Ray had come out as the successor of the Duel.

However, a grave accident had occurred once they had captured the man. Gary, Ray's closest and best friend when trying to remove the hammer, ended up getting possessed himself. Unknown to them, the hammer before was owned by an ordinary man yet still he had great power. Now with someone as skilful as Gary, it had possessed far greater power. Once again, Ray found himself too weak to do anything.

While in the city of Kelberg, he discovered that there was another piece of the Divine being. There had been rumours that the Divine being belonged in several cities, but never knew if they were true. One the way to the divine being, Ray's group, had met up with Gary again. For some reason, he had let them go free, and gave them the time frame of a year. In a year's time, there shall be a great battle, a warning sent out to Ray.

After meeting the second Divine being, she had given him a task, Stating that he must find the final piece, located in Roland. To stop the shadow form succeeding in their attack in a year, they would need her help. This led their journey onto Roland.

'Roland, I went there as well, I wonder if he's still upset that he never got in?'

At Roland, finding the last piece of the Divine being proved difficult and one of the Shadow Guard, the strongest members of the shadow plague had gotten in their way. Still, Ray was able to fend him off while also saving the prince of the Kingdom. This was important because the divine being had stated that the prince was important in their goal. And it turned out to be true, for some reason, the shadow plague wishes to get thier hands on the prince.

Once they had met with the final piece of Divine being, she had become whole again and is now with us at Avrion.

"Wait what! You're joking, right, you have to be joking!"

When Slyvia explained what had happened at Roland, she was unable to give full details, as she herself didn't know the full details. What she did know, was for some reason, Ray seemed to have made a few enemies while being there and that included the Empire.

At the time, the Redwing base had been expanding and growing in power, doing many deeds around. The kingdoms nearby and people started to learn of our name. The Empire was afraid and decided that anyone related to the Redwings, shall be our enemy. With our close ties with the Alure kingdom, we were afraid they would get dragged in as well.

The only thing we could do was claim independence as our own Kingdom. During this time, Ray showed them a part of our power to deter the Empire from attacking, they even tried stopping us with the Black rings, the strongest and biggest guild in the allure kingdom but it was no use.

Finally, Slyvia had finished, telling the story of how Ray had become king, she went on to tell that just before she had arrived Ray had gone off with Jack to see his family. While the Kingdom was left with important tasks.

"What an amazing tale, I knew one day Ray would amount to something special, but I never thought it would be this," Scarlett said as she looked out the window of one of the most amazing cities she had ever seen.

"You didn't tell Ray I was here right, I want it to be a big surprise after all."

"Of course not, as you requested," Slyvia replied.

"Well, if he's not going to be here for a few days, I would like to go out with the expedition team if I can. I want to know about the people who travelled with Ray a bit more, and I'm definitely excited to meet the divine being."

"Of course that can be arranged, they set out early tomorrow."

"Excellent."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 398 - A Fake
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside the North Gate of the Redwing city, the small beast expedition team was ready to set out on their new adventure. The two students, Flynn, a black sash knight and Wendy, a green sash knight, were the most excited out of the bunch, as it would be the first time for them going out of the city on an expedition.

Ever since the borders had been closed off due to the Shadow Plague's attack, the authorities were quite strict with allowing students out of the city for their safety. Even now, there weren't many places for the citizens or the Redwings to go other than the city. They were constantly being surrounded and monitored from all sides.

However, where they would be going today was directly north from the kingdom and into the Shadow plague territory, the only place where none of the other kingdoms or the empire had their eyes.

The beast team also had Lenny and Bliss. These two had a different goal, which was to clear the possessed and spoiled land, hopefully, expand their territory and give them the ability to grow more crops. If the city could become self-sufficient, it no longer mattered too much how their relations with the others were.

Then there were Kyle, Martha, and Harry. These three were the main protectors of the group. However, Harry and Kyle would be on the lookout for beasts that would suit their skillset and eventually go through the beasting process themselves along with the two students.

"We've been here for half an hour already," Flynn complained. "Who are we waiting for?"

"Just be patient," Martha said. "I heard that Slyvia decided that there would be one more coming with us."

"Hello!" An energetic voice entered their ears from behind.

As everyone turned to look, they could see a true black haired beauty walking through the gate and heading in their direction.

The others instantly knew who she was since Slyvia had been making a big deal out of it for the past week.

"Isn't that the King's mother?" Wendy whispered to Flynn next to her.

"Yeah, so what do we call her, Grandma Queen?" Lynn replied.

"Trust me, you two," Harry said from behind. "You do not want to call a middle-aged woman grandma unless you have a death wish."

"Well, now that everyone's here, why don't we start moving," Lenny said as he started to walk in a certain direction.

The group was on the move, and it would take them a while before they went to their destination. As to not make others aware, only a small group was allowed on this expedition, and at the same time, they had decided to travel on foot.

During the journey, Scarlett was most interested in Bliss. According to Slyvia, this girl was the Divine Being.

The Divine being was well known and believed in, in the Alure Kingdom but not too far spread in the others. The only reason Scarlett knew of the Divine being is due to her husband and her time at Roland. Other Kingdoms and cities worshipped thier own gods.

"So while we are all bored, I was wondering, what do you all think of my little Ray?" Scarlett asked.

"Powerful," Harry answered.

"Mysterious," Lenny said.

"Caring," Martha answered.

"A King," Flynn replied.

"Well, that's a bit of a stupid answer," Wendy said, "Thoughtful. Unlike this idiot."

Everyone so far had answered Scarlett's question, and it all seemed to be positive, apart from one person, Bliss.

"And you…" she asked.

"Hmm, I haven't been travelling with him for long, but I guess I would say 'a Fake'." Of course, when saying this answer, Bliss was interested in how the others would react to this as well.

"Fake? What do you mean by that?" Scarlett replied.

"There are times when Ray can come across as soft, and there are other times when he comes off as aggressive. Does he hate people, or does he like them? When watching him, I am often confused, which can only make me think that one of these sides is Fake. Whether he knows it or not is a different thing altogether."

Hearing this had made Scarlett a little sad. She loved hearing people talk about his son, but the truth was she was asking because she herself didn't have an opinion of him. She had only spent five years of his life together with him. She wished she had been there longer, or with him along the way, but she couldn't.

"Can I ask, do you know if Ray still keeps a small pendant around him. It should be a little black gem around his neck?" Scarlett asked.

"Hmm, I don't believe I have," Martha replied. "I've been with him the longest, although he often always wore clothing or heavy armour so there could be something. I never really looked honestly."

'I'll have to check when I get back with him.' Scarlett thought. 'I hope he hasn't lost it.'

Finally, the group had reached the Shadow Plague land. It was strange when one would look at it, for the land was different in colour altogether. On one side, green grass fields and trees stood. Yet on another, as if a person had drawn a line down, the land was completely black, with no grass and only trees with no leaves.

It looks as is the shadow possing the land couldn't go any further for some reason.

The land they were on was quite open, on one side clear green fields with trees quite far away, and on the other, the shadow plague land.

"We're a bit out in the open here." Lenny said, "But at the same time, it will allow us to see if anything will come towards us."

"You think they will?" Wendy gulped nervously.

Lenny then bent down to grab part of the soil that was infected with the Shadow Plague and placed it into a small tube. Bliss, who was by his side, handed him what looked like a dropper, a pipet.

"If our guess is right, the Shadow Plague and all those infected by it are linked. It all goes to one person or being in the end." Lenny explained. "So anything we do while in the Shadow Plague territory, or when attacking a shadow creature. The main person behind it knows it all."

"You think this is all one person's doing. It's not some disease?" Flynn asked.

"Not, think," Bliss replied. "I know it is." The kids didn't know that Bliss was the Divine being. But to the others who heard this, these words coming from a so-called god sounded very convincing.

Three drops fell from the pipet into the test tube, and a reaction started to occur. He then closed the top of the tube with a cork. A black mist rose from the soil as if it was a Shadow, and the two substances were no longer together. The black soil in the tube had returned to its natural brown earthy colour.

"Well, it looks like it was a success," Lenny said. "Your secret ingredient seemed to work," Lenny said, looking at Bliss.

When experimenting with different formulas, she refused to tell him several times, what she was mixing in at the end, and he was trying his best to get it out of her.

Suddenly, loud roars could be heard off in the distance, and soon after came in thundering footsteps.

"I think your guess was right," Harry said, drawing out his sword. "The Shadow, they're coming. Everyone, get ready for battle."

****

For artowrk and updates on my series follow on instagram: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 399 - The great Fire Mage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sound of a stampede coming towards them was heard by everyone, and soon they could feel it in the ground as well. Due to the open area they were in, it didn't take long until they spotted what was coming towards them.

In the shadow plague area, just over the hill. Strange looking giant pig-like creatures could be seen running towards them. Although they weren't all pink in colour, as purple markings could be seen throughout thier body showing they were infected by the shadow plague.

Thier backs were covered in razor-sharp quills sticking out like a hedgehog. When they reached the peak of the hills, they all started to do something strange.

"What are they doing?" Flynn asked.

"Oh no," Martha replied. "Quick get ready, they'll be here any second."

The others got ready as Martha said, but the students were confused. The hill was about a hundred and fifty meters away, and their speed wasn't that great. But when they got to the top of the hill, they suddenly started to tuck thier heads inward to there bottom, forming a wheel type shape. This reviled thier razor-sharp quills on the outside not showing a bit of thier pink underbelly.

Then, as they tipped over the hill, there speed increased significantly, like a razor sharped tire, fifty or so beasts were now coming there way.

"You guys deal with the creatures Bliss and I will clear the land!" Lenny shouted.

"Wait, you're not going to help?!" Wendy said a bit frightened at the beast coming there way, she thought that maybe they would encounter a group of creatures, but not this many on thier first outing.

"If we defeat these and then clear the land again, only more will come. It's best if we clear the land as soon as possible and get out of here." Lenny replied.

Bliss and Lenny quickly ran behind the group and started to both draw magic circles over the land in certain areas. Once this step was done, they could place the special solution that had been created and cast a spell to spread the solution as far as possible. Still, even for geniuses like them, It would take some time, to draw out the circle.

"Oh, make sure those hogs don't get past you," Bliss said. "If they do and ruin the circle, we'll have to start all over again."

Harry drew both of his swords out, Kyle readied his chain and weight, while Martha brought out her more than impressive king tier bow.

"Don't worry, there only basic tier beasts," Harry explained to the kids, who looked shell shocked and still hadn't moved. "Although the shadow will make them seem stronger, their power is at that of about an intermediate tier level."

Although Harry's words were meant to calm them down, it just made them more frightened. Fifty intermediate tiers were going after them, and they were only a small group. Most kingdoms would have to send a small army to face such a thing.

Drawing her bow, there was no arrow inside. Martha had been practising ever since ray had shown the destructive power he was able to achieve with it, and she had been able to perfect her wind magic to the point where she could shoot several arrows.

As she let go of the string, nothing but a sharp sound could be heard, but when the students looked in the direction where she had fired, the spiked hogs, started to instantly fall to thier side. She was killing all of them with a single shot.

"I guess that's the power of a king tier weapon, huh," Kyle said. "Well, I'll just have to do it the old fashioned way." Kyle immediately started to charge forward with swinging his massive weight over his head, but something strange started to happen.

After being hit by Martha's arrows, the spiked hogs started to strike back. While continuing to spin like a wheel, they were able to fire out large spikes from its body.

Moving his body quickly, bending it in strange ways, Kyle was able to avoid the spikes, but he looked off-balance nearly the whole time.

"Oh my." Scarlett said with a chuckle "That one's flexible."

"Follow me!" Harry said to the students as he ran forward. They did as they were told and stayed close behind him. Using his two swords, Harry was easily able to knock each of the spikes away.

"Fire your arrows, we can't let them go past." Harry ordered.

And by now Wendy had finally snapped out of it and did as she was told. Seeing Harry's skill, she knew he would be able to protect them. The two students, Kyle and Harry, were now deep in the fight with the Spiked hogs, but there were too many of them, and some chose to ignore the group and carried on going forward.

Even Martha could only soot her arrows so fast.

"I told you to protect the magic circles, weren't you listening!" Bliss said in anger, as she could see most of the group had gone charging in, rather than forming a defensive line.

"Give them a break," Lenny replied. "It's difficult with a low amount of people, and especially with two students to look after.

"Don't you guys worry about a thing," Scarlett said, as she stepped just in front of the two large magic circles being drawn. "I'll stop them."

The others were surprised at her words, they thought she had simply come along for fun, was she a great warrior? How would she be able to stop the remaining Spiked hogs. The only thing Bliss could think of that would work was....

"Magic," Scarlett said as she clicked her fingers, and two small flames appeared.

Then throwing her arms out, the small droplets of flames went in the air, and as they dropped to the floor, they exploded. The small little droplet of fire had turned into big balls of flames, killing a group of the spiked hogs in an instant.

For the ones that managed to avoid the attack, she quickly hurled fireballs at them. It was clear, Scarlett wasn't just any ordinary mage, she was a powerful one.

After a few moments, the battle had come to its end, and all of the spiked hogs were defeated. The magic circles were done, but they hadn't activated them yet. While it was quite, they thought it would be best to collect the crystals from the beasts.

"Wow," Kyle said, running over to Scarlett. "So you're not only beautiful but strong as well. No wonder Ray is also good with fire magic."

"Huh?" Scarlett said with a confused look on her face. "What did you say?"

"You know, fire magic, just like you, he can throw balls of fire, he must have gotten that from you right?" Kyle repleid.

"But, I don't understand. Ray can't use any magic. We went to test him when he was younger at Roland, and they stated he can't use any magic." When Slyvia had told her the story of Roland, she had explained the events, rather than the details. She didn't actually know that Ray had attended as a student. The only reason he could get in was that he could be disguised as a mage in the first place.

But right now, Scarlett couldn't believe it and was looking at Kyle like a crazy person.

"He's right," Martha said as she pulled out a crystal from one of the Hog's body. "Not just fire magic, Ice, Lightning, transformation magic maybe even more."

This had clearly come as a shock to her, and it was taking a while for her to take it all in, and the only one that knew why she was so confused, was Bliss.

As they continued to extract the crystals, Martha started to think back a little. The last time they had travelled this far out from the kingdom was when they were in search of the strange beast. A beast said to be killing and eating all of the beasts in the area. This was the other reason why they needed to travel to the shadow plague area. Because all of the beasts had simply vanished that were located near the kingdom.

But, that journey had bad memories for her, for that was when Monk had been taken away. A few months later he had come back, claiming he had joined the Dark guild.

"What happened to you that day Monk?"

****

If you want artwork and updates, please remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 400 - The Secret Ingredient
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After everyone had finished collecting the crystals from the Spiked hog's, they were all put into a dimensional space bag. The bag belonged to Lenny. When asked how he was able to afford such a thing, he replied back saying he had created it himself of course.

The dimensional bag just acted as a teleporter, usuelly they all belonged to a particular company that would keep the items safe and store them in a large warehouse of sorts. As for Lenny's he had made it so, anything put in the bag, would go to his own research room back at Avrion.

For now, though, Kyle was put in charge of looking after the bag. After seeing how flexible and how well he had dodged the spikes from before they felt it was the only write thing to do.

"Okay, we're about to activate the circles." Lenny said." Now remember, there may be another horde of beasts after this, I hope you all had a nice rest."

"That's okay." Harry said, "We need more beast anyway."

There were four of them set to go through the beasting process. Ideally, they would have liked to gather as many different amounts of basic tier beast crystals as possible. This would give them more choice to choose from. Harry didn't like the idea of having spikes growing from his back, so he was eager to meet more beasts.

Both Bliss and Lenny placed there hand on the ground and the magic circle, begin to light up. The special solution that was placed in the centre had started to spread thin, and a glowing plus seemed to go outward from the circle. With each pulse of energy, the ground began to look healthy, and slowly a dark purple shadow could be seen rising from the ground.

The two circles had been set up so they could cover around a hundred by hundred meters of land. So quite a large chunk was being removed. Finally, it seemed like the shadow had been removed from the ground. Unlike in the test tube where the cork was stopping it from lifting up and disappearing. The shadow could be seen floating above like a dark cloud.

It quickly started to gather becoming denser before swirling away deeper into the shadow continent.

Shivers ran down the spines of the two students.

"Creepy," Flynn said. "It was like it was alive. I can't believe we were standing on that a few moments ago."

"Do you think the shadow is going back to the person that caused this?" Wendy asked. "Maybe we could follow it?"

"And do what?" Bliss replied. "Follow it into enemy territory. Knowing where the shadow plague is, has never been a problem."

When the shadow had first appeared in a small city. The kingdoms that used to exist up north were said to be just as powerful as the ones today. Yet, every single one of them were wiped out. Perhaps if the other kingdoms hadn't been fighting each other, and reacted quickly to the threat, they could have quelled it, but at first, it didn't seem like a big deal.

This was the main problem with the shadow now. As quickly as they were defeating it, it would regrow just as fast, just like the shadows around a True infected.

"I have a question," Scarlett said, raising her hand as if she was in a school.

"Err yes," Lenny said awkwardly, pointing to her like a teacher.

"If the solution is able to remove the shadow from the land, then what about the infected or the true infected, would it work on them?" She said excitedly. For a long time now, she had gone off in search of a way to get rid of the infection from a human body but had found no such solution.

She started to get excited that the answer might be here in front of her.

Lenny, looked at Bliss for this one, as she had the secret ingredient that she hadn't even informed him of. All he knew was that the liquid added was red in colour. But that could have been anything. He had tried many things before, but nothing had worked.

"I won't lie to you, there is a good chance it could, only if the solution was stronger. For a True infected is more deeply connected with the shadow compared to the land."

A big smile had appeared on Scarlett's face hearing the news. However, it was quickly left for what Bliss had to say soon after.

"But… the ingredients needed, is very hard to come by and even I don't have a large supply of it. We will only be able to clear so much of the land."

"Please!" Scarlett said desperately. "Tell me what it is, whatever it is I promise I'll get it for you. If I get you the ingredients will you create the solution for me?"

"I'm telling you it's impossible for you," Bliss said as she was about to walk away.

Lenny and the others could tell from the way Scarlett was acting and from what she had said, most likely someone close to her had been infected by the shadow. Many people knew someone who had been. Due to the past thought of not being able to save them, they had no choice but to kill the True infected.

"Please... I don't want to use his name, but this is important to me. You work for Ray right, he's you're king so shouldn't you do anything you could to help his father?" Scarlett asked.

This had come as big news to everyone thier. Even Martha and Harry who had known Ray the longest knew nothing about his farther being infected by the shadow. He had never mentioned it before.

"First of, Ray is not my king, he and I have a mutual agreement…" Bliss wanted to say more. However, she realised that Ray's past was no fault of this human in front of her. In fact, in a way, it was because of her that her child had been cursed with the soul of the Red Dragon. "Look, it wasn't that I didn't want to tell you guys what the secret ingredient was, but more like I felt there was no point in telling you. It's not hard to find, it's impossible to find because it doesn't exist anymore. The secret ingredient... is Dragon's blood."

*****

For Updates and artwork on my novels, please follow me on Instagram: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 401 - Part of the empire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group had a set of mixed reactions to hearing Bliss mention the word Dragon's blood. The students found it hard to keep their laughter down until eventually, Flynn couldn't take it anymore.

"Haha, seriously, I know you might want to keep the secret ingredient a secret, but Dragon's blood, that doesn't even exist."

However, as soon as he said this, he saw the look on the faces of the others, and they all were very serious, not a single one of them seemed to be laughing.

"Wait, you mean dragons are real!" Wendy asked.

"Well, In all honesty," Martha replied, "We're pretty sure they are indeed real."

"Yeah, we've even seen one," Kyle added.

"Stop your gibberish, do you really think I would believe that?" Flynn replied.

"Well, not exactly a Dragon," Harry replied. "It was a Wyvern if I am not wrong. You kids are new, so you don't know much about this, but when the Shadow Plague had attacked, it was what saved us at the time. A giant blue wyvern. If they can exist, then I'm pretty sure at some point and time dragons have also existed." While saying these last words, Harry couldn't help but look at Bliss's expression.

She truly was an ancient being who had lived for a long time. She knew things which weren't common knowledge. She wouldn't be lying at all about something like this, Harry thought. The real question was, how did she even get her hands on a Dragon's blood in the first place since they were the most fearsome beings in existence.

"A Dragon huh…" Scarlett mumbled with her head down.

"I didn't mean to disappoint you," Bliss said with her hand reaching out.

But when Scarlett raised her head, she just had a serene smile. "No, don't worry. It just means I'm one step closer in achieving my goal. Now we know something works. Maybe we can find something that replicates it, and who knows maybe the Dragons aren't extinct and have just gone into hiding. All we have to do now is to find a way."

Everyone there felt like Scarlett was truly an amazing person. Somehow she was able to put a positive spin on things, and Bliss didn't want to ruin that. Like she said, maybe not all Dragons had died, some may have gone into hiding; in fact, there was one right under her nose. The blood from Ray wouldn't work right now, but maybe one day as he started to evolve, they would eventually be able to use his blood.

'That's if that guy even lets us use his blood.' Bliss thought.

The group continued on with their task of clearing out the land; they needed a few acres if they wanted to grow a decent amount of crops to boost the city. They would also have to build a storage place and most likely living quarters for those protecting the farm. If all went as planned, this would bring a lot of benefits in the upcoming future.

Each time, Bliss and Lenny would go into action a set of beast creatures who were nearby would come towards them. Most of them were dealt with quickly as they were of the Basic Tier. This was as expected due to where they were, along the outskirts of the border. Only deeper into the shadow continent did the high tiered shadow beasts exist. This made their work pretty easy.

This expedition went on for a few days. One day, as the sun was starting to set, the group decided to move back a bit away from the infected land. Even further than the part they had cleared just to feel a little safer. They then set up camp, pitching up their tents and shared stories with each other, trying to make the mood enjoyable.

Of most of the stories, the others shared, nearly all had Ray in them. Since they all were related to him in one way or the other, hearing stories of Ray's feats in the academy was never a tiring subject for Scarlett. As for Bliss and Lenny, they had decided to keep quiet for most of the night.

"So, what about you, Scarlett?" Martha asked. "What's your background, Ray never really talked about you."

"Well," Scarlett replied as she played with the fire using her fingers around the campfire, they were all grouped around at. "It's probably because Ray doesn't know much about me. Just like you guys, he went on to move to Avrion at the age of five. What I do find funny is that Ray was actually able to use magic. You see, I originally went to Roland myself, and that's where I met his father. At the time he was an adventurer."

"Oh, so he got his fighting skills from his father, and magic skills from his mother." Harry said, "That makes sense."

"I didn't teach him a thing about magic. I didn't even know he could perform it. If I did perhaps there were a few things I would have done differently," Scarlett replied. "You see, I'm originally from the empire. When his father got sick, I went back there looking for answers and then I saw the news report."

"From the empire!?" Kyle said. "Does Ray know…

"No he doesn't, and maybe it's best to keep it that way. Otherwise, it might just be a distraction." She mumbled.

After this break, the group repeated the same process again, for the next two days, clearing more of the land while fighting beasts. At the end of it, they had an excellent variety to choose from for the others to start the beasting process when they would get back.

All of the solution had now been used, so they had no choice but to know return.

"We'll try to get those Blackring members and some others to come here as soon as possible," Lenny said. "That way, the land won't be taken over again, and they can focus on building."

Everyone mutually felt it was a great idea as they started to make their way back.

While the group were heading back to the academy at the same time, Slyvia had just received a particular letter. She immediately called a meeting between the council. Right now the letter was placed on the table, sealed with red wax and unopened for anyone to see.

For this wasn't an ordinary letter, but a letter from the empire.

****

For updates and the artwork you can follow me on Instagram and facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 402 - Haunting memories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group had nearly covered most of their journey back from Zrey and were just about to pass the border from the Alure kingdom back into the Redwing kingdom. During this entire Journey, Jack had remained silent, his head was clearly filled with thoughts about what had just happened. In the carriage with them was Katy.

She had officially taken the role of being in charge of the other slaves, and they had agreed upon it as well. Ray also felt like she was the most loyal out of the group due to being the only one person with the official Redwing marking on them. Katy had been wanting to talk, but the silence between Jack and Ray had made it awkward for her, until when finally Ray broke the silence first.

"Jack, what happened to Rachel wasn't your fault. When things happen in life, you can't let the 'If's' change that. For example, if two carriages were to crash into each other that day, and a merchant's goods were to be spilt, the merchant would go about his day worrying about, 'If only I had woken up sooner', Or 'If I only had stopped to take a break'."

"The 'If' is in the past, and we can't change that, similarly we also can't see or confirm the future. Perhaps 'If' he didn't crash into a carriage, then he might have been killed by bandits that day." When Ray spoke, Katy realised that it seemed as if he was speaking from experience, but Ray appeared quite young.

At most he had to be in his early twenties, she thought. However, Ray was speaking from experience. There were many times he had tried to save the dragons in the past, yet he always seemed to have failed. He too thought about how he could have done things differently, but as time went on, he slowly started to learn.

Thinking about his own past, Ray's head started to hurt once more. He lifted both his hands and placed them over the back of his head.

"Are you hurt, your majesty!?" Katy said, rushing to his aid.

"Are you okay, Boss?" Jack also said, now snapping out of his daze and looking concerned.

Images of the dragon settlement Ray had tried to build in the past appeared again.

Up high in the middle of what looked like a forest, surrounded by thick heavy trees, and Dragons, many dragons, the most Ray had seen. Then, the peaceful image seemed to cross over with another one, with the whole place being destroyed, the dragons having been killed.

The headaches slowly started to fade away, and so did his visions. 'Is it a past memory I chose to lock away? why can't I remember it clearly? Maybe it happened a long time ago, I was getting rather old back then.' Ray thought.

"I'm okay, you two, you can sit down now. I think I might just have a little bit of mana sickness." Ray replied.

Katy sat back down in the carriage, while Jack did too, but he didn't buy what Ray had just said. He had never ever seen Ray becoming sick from mana sickness before and even when they were entering Zrey, a similar thing had happened.

As the carriage carried on along, Ray started to notice something, the scenery around him became more familiar as they went past a mountain. While traveling the path, they seemed to see some people who were walking in the same direction that they were heading towards.

"Wait, Stop the carriages!" Ray shouted.

As he stepped outside, he quickly realised that they had already passed through the borders of Alure and were currently in the Redwing kingdom territory.

"I didn't notice it as well," Jack said. "I thought we would be running into some trouble."

"What are you guys talking about?" Katy said, while looking confused.

"We passed the borders." Ray said, "On the way here and for a while now, the Empire has been hiring different guilds to stop the people from entering the Redwing kingdom." As Ray said that, he watched people continue onward on the path, which meant only one thing. They were heading to Avrion. The only city in the Redwing kingdom.

"So why did they suddenly stopped then?" Katy said.

"That's why I'm concerned. The empire wouldn't suddenly stop. They have more money and resources then they know what to do with. They would have picked and chipped away at us for as long as possible." Said Ray. "They're planning something. Jack, you stay here with these guys I'm going to go on and take a look up ahead."

"Wait," Katy said. "Why don't you take one of the horses, it'll be faster than you running there. We can move some stuff about and one horse should be enough to pull the other carriage, while we use your special one for all the treasures."

"Don't worry, Katy," Jack said. "Ray has something a lot faster than a horse."

Standing off to the side, Ray placed his hand on the ground and then a large magic circle appeared. Next, out of this very magic circle, a giant wolf slowly appeared, one that was as large as a house.

"It's been a long time girl," Ray said, as he hopped on. "Let's go."

In almost a flash, the large wolf could be seen running off in the distance.

"Does this person ever run out of surprises?" Katy said.

Travelling on Noir at great speed, Ray was able to see a clearer picture. He could see that quite a few people from the towns that were on the border of Alure, seemed to all be heading towards Avrion. While riding, he eventually reached a point where he could see the city on-site. But on the big green grass, there were a few others that recognized him as well.

"Hey, isn't that Noir?" Martha said.

"Oh, it is. Maybe he can give us a lift." Kyle said.

It was still a faraway to walk from where they were to the city, and Noir had more than enough space to fit them all on.

"Noir? Are you guys talking about that giant beast!?" Scarlett said.

"Hey, over here!" Kyle shouted.

With Ray's hearing, he was able to pick up that someone was calling out to him, that's when he spotted Lenny more easily than anyone from a mile away. Since Lenny was similar to that of a giant with how tall he was.

Steering away slightly, Ray decided he would pick them up and take them to the city, since it looked like that was where they were heading to. Soon he had arrived near them.

"You guys need a lift," Ray said. Suddenly, his eyes latched on to one person in the group. "MMMm Mother!" Ray said with a stutter.

"Hello, my little sunshine. You never told me you had such a cutie pie as a pet. It's so fluffy."

They all thought one thing, how in the world, with a mother like this, did Ray turn out to be the way he was.

*****

If you want updates and artwork on my novels, you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 403 - Not Staying
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After seeing the group, Ray had climbed down from Noir to speak to the others just to see how the situation had become what it was. The last thing he had expected was to see his mother walking along with them.

He hadn't seen his mother in years and truthfully seeing her now he felt kind of bad. She had left when she was young, but he knew she cared for him. One of the few people that genuinely did.

Yet, he had never bothered to look into how she was or what she was doing. He was too focused on finding out the truth of his past life and not focusing on his current one.

"Don't look so sad," Scarlett said as she walked over and started to pinch his cheeks outward.

"She's touching Ray like that!" Kyle whispered in shock.

"I don't think I've ever seen anyone approach him like that before without a fist to thier face," Harry added.

"Oh, will you two calm down," Martha said. "It's his mother, of course, they can act like that."

She then went in and gave Ray a big old hug and whispered.

"You've been through so much haven't you, I'm sorry I wasn't there to see you grow up."

A scent wafted into Ray's nose, and a fuzzy feeling was felt in his stomach. The smell had reminded him of the time when he was a child and how much she used to look after him. As if out of instinct, a smile had appeared on his face.

Seeing this even caused Martha to drop her new beloved king tier Bow. There had been many times they had all seen Ray smile before, but it was one of joy, for beating someone. Or one of excitement. This smile was completely different; it was cosy almost.

"I guess Ray's a mama's boy," Kyle commented quietly.

The two stopped thier hug and now all ready to climb up on Noir to take them to the city gates, but before that. Ray placed his hand on the floor.

[Ice bind]

A trail of ice on the floor quickly went on over across the floor until it eventually reached Kyle's legs and kept him in place there.

'Crap did he hear what I said?' Kyle thought as he tried to break free from the ice.

The rest were already on top of Noir, including Ray, and they all waved Kyle goodbye.

"We'll see in the city, Kyle!" Martha said with a big wave."

"Wait, you're just going to leave me here! What about my legs. You can't just go, what if a beast or something comes and eats me!" Kyle shouted.

"Jack and a few others will be arriving soon. Ask them." Ray said as the whole group left heading to the city gate.

It didn't take long with Noir's speed to reach the city gate, and when they did, Ray was about to ask Noir to jump over and carry on until they were at the main building. The city guards had been informed of Noir, and her description to let her in, so they knew she was a safe beast.

However, Scarlett had asked Ray to stop just at the city gate. As they all stopped and got down again, Ray decided maybe it would be best to just enter the city as usual, and allowed Noir to roam around near the stables. It wasn't fun for her to be kept inside his system the whole time, and there were no threats near the city. He could safely letter her explore.

When they got off, they noticed something else as well. There were crowds of people at the front gate of the city. Many of them had even chosen to camp outside pitching up tents, while the others directly at the gate were trying to gain entrance, but the guards refused.

"What is going on here?" Bliss said.

"I don't know," Lenny replied. "It wasn't like this when we left. We've only been gone for three days."

"Kids, go and try to gather information from the nearby citizens," Harry ordered to the two students. "And let us know what's going on."

"Yes, sir!" They both said as they went to conduct some interviews.

"It looks like you might have another problem to deal with," Scarlett said. "Anyway, Ray, I wanted you to stop here because I'm not staying at the city. I still have more work to do out there."

"Work? But you can stay here, you'll be safe," Ray replied. "And maybe I can help, or get one of these guys to help. They're good at all sorts of different things."

"Ray, I'm proud of you, and I'm proud of what you have built. I know these people are great. I've been with them for a while now and thanks to them I have my answer. But this is something I have to do on my own."

Ray didn't know why, but it was hurting him as he heard this. All he knew was he wanted to stay. If he didn't know where she was, it would worry him.

"If you go, then at least sign this!"

Using the system, Ray immediately pulled up the contract and sent over an offer to his mother. It was a shame, that adjustments couldn't be made but the contract was something every perosn had to agree on. Thier life was in Ray??s hands.

Reading this, Scarlett didn't know how to react, suddenly she realised what the seal was on the others as well.

'What amazing power you have Ray.' She thought.

Quickly, she declined the offer. "Ray, I'm your mother. Not the other way round. I'm still in charge of you. As long as this city is still here, I promise I will come back in the future. Also, I hear you have been getting involved in the empire. Do you remember that pendant I gave you before I left?"

Ray quickly looked down, and could feel something around his chest, he brought it out around his neck, and it was still there. Not once had he ever taken it off.

"Good, keep it. One day I'm sure it will come in handy for you. Or it might even bring you more trouble depending on how you see it."

With that, a carriage was hired, and Ray's mother was on her own journey that Ray had no part off.

"She was a nice perosn," Martha said.

'Perhaps she played a big part in Sen's change of character' Bliss thought, seeing the interactions between the two. 'If the future of the world turns out well, I will have to greatly reward her.'

Seeing the number of citizens standing in front of the gate. The group decided to take a detour around. An announcement that the king and other high officials being there could almost cause a riot with how many were trying to gain access to the city. The students returned to Harry as well, informing him what they had found out.

"What is it?" Martha asked.

"I think it's best if we all talk to Slyvia about this one," Harry replied.

As soon as they gained access inside one of the head guards came rushing towards them.

"King Ray, I have urgent news. Leader Slyvia has asked for everyone's prescience for a meeting immediately. She told me to inform you as soon as you return." The guard said.

Just what was going on? They thought.

*****

For Novel updates and the artwork you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 404 - A kings answear
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Not only Ray but the entire group, apart from the two students, were told to meet Slyvia in the Council Room. There was no time for him to check on how the others were doing, and they were just taken straight there.

The kids were taken back to their regular classes for now and would be told later what they needed to do. The beasting process was put on hold slightly as they all attended this urgent matter.

At first, the kids were a little down, of course, they were nervous about going through the beasting process, but they were excited and wanted to get the whole thing over and done with. The wait was killing them. But when they returned, they were suddenly treated like superstars. Now, all the other kids wanted to know what happened during their first outing.

"Ha, Ha gather round and let me tell you all the tail of how I, Flynn defeated the great Spiked Hog's saving our very King's mother!" Flynn started to brag, taking in every second.

"Is it just me, or is he beginning to sound more and more like master knight Kyle." Another student whispered.

Inside the council room, all the elders were present. Ray hadn't seen any of them in a while, but it wasn't time for chitchat judging by the severe look on Sylvia's face.

Once everyone was settled down, Slyvia began with the meeting. She looked around and noticed that neither Kyle nor Jack were here.

"Don't worry about them." Martha smiled. "We will update them about this when we can."

Sylvia nodded and started with the meeting, "You're probably all wondering what went on during the short amount of time you guys were away. And Ray, although I would love to hear your tales on what you had been up to with Jack, I'm afraid there is something more urgent we must deal with now."

"A few days ago, we received a letter from the Empire. Simply put, they have invited us to compete in the All Kingdom Tournament this year. Not only that, but this tournament will be hosted in the Empire itself."

Hearing these words had sent a shiver down through many of their spines. During the last fighting tournament, the Dark guild had attacked and caused many casualties.

It was because of this the Alure kingdom had sent a substitute instead of someone from Avrion.

The All Kingdom Tournament was a fighting event between the strongest fighters from each Kingdom.

"So are they acknowledging us as a Kingdom then, since they are personally inviting us? Wait, is that why they had no choice but to open the borders and allow people to enter the city?." Martha asked.

"I view this quite differently, on their behalf it's quite a clever move," Slyvia put forward her thoughts.

"First they made it so no other city would be able to trade with us. With what little land we have and our primary source of income coming from selling beast weapons, they knew what they were doing. Meanwhile, they continued to hire the guilds around the border who thrived on high taxes and this caused trouble in the nearby towns."

"Most kingdoms by now would have tried waging war, perhaps with one of the weaker Kingdoms nearby. Then they could pin the blame on us as the first to attack.

But that never happened, so they guessed we had come up with a solution, perhaps a temporary or not a great one.

This invitation has done two things. First opening the borders. Now all the people who wanted to move here before have come knocking on our door for help."

Simply put, the fields you guys have cleared are not ready yet. We barely have enough to feed ourselves, never mind extra mouths.

Now the borders were open we tried going to Alure and the other Kingdoms asking them to trade with us as they did before, but they tripled the price, most likely ordered by the Empire.

The second thing, knowing all of this. If we do not turn up for the event, the others will see us as weaklings. Ray's act from before would only deter them for so long. It also could be a great trap, as well."

It was clear to everyone in the room that Slyvia had thought about this trying to think of why the Empire was planning to do what they were doing, but the reason she had called everyone here was that she didn't know what the next step to take was.

Everyone at the table was thinking of a solution, until Ray, was the one who had come up with an unexpected answer.

"Take all the people outside. The city as it is nearly at max capacity. Take them in temporarily, and put them to work and expand the city. They can build their own homes and lodgings making them feel more a part of this place and they can earn their keep. We will supply them the materials and protection making them part of the Redwings." Ray said.

"As for food, call the other Kingdoms bluff, two times-five times whatever prices they offer, bite their hand off and take it. We will use them for our food supply for the time being."

"But Ray, we have no money," Slyvia said, hoping he would have a better answer than that. "Most of it was already used."

A slight smile then appeared on Ray's face. "Don't worry about that, Jack will be here soon, and I'm sure he will be here with a nice surprise. On top of that, he's bringing a lot of physical power with him, putting them to work on construction for the time being. I guarantee you they will be able to build whatever it usually takes at least two times faster."

"Finally, as for the All Kingdom Tournament, let me fight," Ray replied.

As for the last statement that was made by Ray, this didn't surprise anyone. They were surprised to hear he had so many answers for the city, but not about wanting to take part in the tournament.

"Ray I thought you would say this and I need to remind you there are a few important things," Slyvia replied. "This is a fighting tournament, so you won't be able to use your magic abilities. Also, two people can participate from each Kingdom. We are allowed to send a small group along with them, but that's it. You will be in enemy territory all on your own."

"And last but not least, The All Kingdom Tournament is around the same time Gary said he would attack."

*****

For Updates and artwork don't forget to follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 405 - A downside to your strength
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The destined time that Garry had mentioned was coming was always on the back of everyone's mind. It seemed like it was only weeks ago when it was announced and now the time was finally here. However, the question was, was Ray now strong enough to face the Demon within the old dragon hammer?

According to the information Bliss had given them, the Demon possessing the hammer was equal to a god. Or was what they referred to as God's just like her. This was also similar to what was inside of Van. It was just one that was more in the side of wrongdoings. When they had fought a long time ago, Gary had come out the clear winner. Ray was sure that the Demon was confident in its victory again, and the only thing that held him back from finishing him at the time was Gary.

Essentially the two of them were in a race, a race to see who could get stronger faster. However, there was a clear problem. There were two easy ways for Ray to get stronger. By consuming higher tier beast crystals which the Alure kingdom nor the Redwing kingdom had, or by saving people.

Ray was a little surprised to see after the events of Zrey, he hadn't obtained any new skills completing saving many lives. But the system often acted in ways he couldn't understand in the first place.

Regardless of this, the most important thing was that Ray needed to push himself just that little bit further before meeting Gary, and this was what he was looking for.

"I think I need this more than anything," Ray replied. "My strength lately has been on a bit of a plateau."

The others hearing this couldn't really believe it. After all, every time they saw him return, it was as if they were meeting a completely new person, he would improve that quickly.

"The fact that I can no longer use magic during this tournament is great, it will allow me to hone my fighting skills that have grown a little blunt. Von, Sir K. I hope I hope during this time that the two of you will be happy to take me as your student again."

"Of course." They both replied.

"Well, I can't say I hundred percent agree with your decision but honestly. Because of your teleporting abilities, if the shadow were to attack at any point and time, you could easily return to us." Slyvia said. "I guess the next question is who to take with you?"

"Isn't that an easy one?" Martha said. "It should be Jack, I mean no offence to anyone else but in terms of raw power he's the strongest out of all of us."

The others agreed with Martha's statement, but there was one person who rejected that idea.

"That won't do," Ray replied. "When Jack returns its best, he stays with the people he brought with him. They are close to Jack. I think it would be best they were kept under his care for a short while until they are comfortable. You will understand when you see them."

The room went silent once again as they all thought about it, until a single person had volunteered.

"If no one else goes, I would like to," Harry said, raising his hand.

"Hmm, Harry. I actually think you might be the best choice. Clam, skilful and most of all, sensible." Slyvia said. "You might actually be a better choice than Jack."

"Yes," Martha said with a smile on her face. "And after the beasting process, his natural physical abilities should increase more just making him even stronger."

"I have no complaints," Ray said. Truthfully Ray didn't really care who would be participating in the tournament with him. Because he was planning to beat everyone there in the first place, so it didn't matter to him.

"Can I ask?" Kyle said. "What?position does the Alure kingdom usually come in?"

"I will answer this one," Wilfred said. "Every year even when Avrion was a part of the Alure kingdom, they would come in the last place. While we left our strongest to fend for the front lines, we would often send the winners from our own tournament to the event. Of course, the difference in experience between an a.d.u.l.t and a child was many.

"Still, the Alure kingdom had its reputation as the weakest kingdom, and so they had no choice but to accept the students we sent at the time. The best students at Avrion, against the strongest people in the other kingdoms. We never stood a chance in the first place."

"Let's not keep the mood so down." Slyvia interrupted. "We shall proceed with what Ray has said, on top of this we will decide a small group that will be able to go with Ray and Harry to the All kingdom tournament. We will update you further when we have more information."

The meeting had finished, and as Ray was about to head to the gate area to make sure Jack and the others were okay, an unexpected person had tugged on his sleeve.

"Do you have a second?" Bliss said. "In private." As she looked at the others staring at the two.

Ray didn't have a good feeling about this, whenever the Divine being would talk to him, it seemed like she was only doing so to ask a favour. The two of them continued to walk off to a more secluded area. They entered one of the rooms that was used as an office space for one of the elders. Currently, no one was inside, so it was perfect.

"I wanted to ask you something?" Bliss said. "When you were away, did you use the mana steal spell on those that were contracted?"

Thinking back, Ray did use the mana steel spell to supplement the power that would be used to create the giant fireball. After all, half of his mana was already gone from using another spell. It was because of mana steal he was able to be so reckless with his powers often.

"Yeah I did, how did you know?" Ray asked, knowing that she had no contract herself, so none of the mana was taken from her.

"Well, I don't know if you care or not, or if you even know but I thought it would be best to tell you." Said Bliss. "Even though you can take mana and give it back freely. Each time you do, you're taking a little bit of their life force, Ray. That's right, you're slowly killing all your allies."

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 406 - So many tasks!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For a second, Ray didn't know how to quite take the news that he had just been told. It was quite possible the Divine being was lying to him. But why would there be a need to? After all, they both had a similar end goal in sight.

Now knowing about this, Ray started to recall all the times he had used mana steal. Every time he had encountered a tough situation, he had used it. During his time as a human, it was just impossible to count.

It had always saved him in a pinch.

In some cases, Ray would use it directly with people, most of the time on his enemies, but there were times when he used it on Jack as well. 'Does it affect them more if I use it directly?'

Then he started to think about when he used it as a whole. As long as they were contracted, Ray was able to use mana steal on them. When doing it this way, there was no way for him to pick and choose who he took mana from. The power that was taken was distributed equally.

'That doesn't bother me..' Ray was about to think but then he started to remember those that were contracted. It included some of the elderly, such as Von. His first teacher.

Ray didn't know how old he was, but taking life force from him, someone who probably didn't have long left in this world and one who had only helped him, started to make him feel a little sick in his stomach.

Seeing how Ray had paused from the news, Bliss could see that this was affecting him quite a bit.

'You really have changed Sen, and you don't even realize it yet.' At first, Bliss was unsure if even letting him know would be useful. The Sen she knew didn't care for human lives. As long as it benefited him and took him towards his goal, who would care if he took a little bit of their life source.

But seeing the current outcome, she was happy that she did.

However, Ray had become deeply connected with the people around him. Many of them had chosen to follow and trust him, and that was now a heavy weight on him. How could he betray their trust by taking their life force.

"Thank you." Ray said. It was an unexpected phrase she had never heard from him and she was taken aback by it, suddenly after saying those words he had turned around and just left.

"Wait!" Bliss said. "Don't you want an explanation, or a solution, or maybe you're going to tell me how you don't care?"

"Why?" Ray replied. "The solution is a simple one. I just need to stop using the skill mana steal. I should have done this from the beginning. I need to rely on my own power and not that of others. This is good for me."

A slight smile appeared on his face as he started to think of the effects of mana steal. "Besides, this is just another way to get back at those that deserve it. Not only will I take their ability to use magic or Ki, but cause them an even greater pain that they can't see with their eyes."

With those words said, Ray had left the room, and Bliss was starting to shake her head. Although he had improved, he still had a long way to go. 'Cruel to your enemies but kind to your allies, huh? I guess this isn't a bad result.'

The mana steal skill was a strong one, but it was made taboo a long time ago, and was classified as forbidden magic lost between humans. At first, it was used to take the life force out of plants and such. As a dragon, Sen's natural presence when he was angry allowed him to do this easily.

It wasn't a surprise that Sen had never noticed this before, Bliss thought. Somehow, Ray had managed to surround himself with strong willed people. The mana steel didn't seem to affect them as much. Still, after spending some time in the company of the people at the redwing kingdom, Bliss felt like it was her duty to also look after the people that were currently looking after her.

With everything that was going on and a plan of action, Ray decided there were a few things that needed to be done. If possible, he would have liked to head to the empire ahead of time, before the tournament would start. There were a few reasons for this, but the main one was because he wanted to get to the king tier level as fast as possible.

Hopefully, there were plenty of beasts in the empire for him to hunt. Leaving the city, Ray decided he would disguise himself, covering up his red hair, and taking on the appearance of Nes the adventurer. His reason for doing so was now that his face was well known around the city, it was nearly impossible for him to walk on his own outside without getting recognized or stopped.

His destination was the city gate, hoping that he would be able to catch Jack and the others at this time. As he arrived at the gate, just a little up ahead, he could see Jack and the several carriages that were coming towards them, and it seemed like they had managed to pick up Kyle along the way.

The guards quickly approached them and allowed the slaves to deboard, as they took them off around the side of the gate This was because most of the city guards were busy dealing with the citizens who were registering to become a part of the Redwing kingdom.

As soon as this happened though, a system notification suddenly appeared in front of him.

[Task complete X10!]

[32/1000 tasks remaining]

[New skills have been unlocked]

'I still have so many tasks' Ray thought looking at the daunting number.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 407 - Beast Unit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The notification screen had appeared, and Ray was starting to wonder if this would ever come up.

It seemed that as soon as the slaves that Ray had saved from the auction stepped into the city; the system had deemed Ray as having saved their lives.

'Does this mean, if I had left them to fend off on their own, they still would have died? I remember the Divine being saying it could predict a little about what would happen to them and that was somehow linked to my system,' Not fully understanding what was going on, this was the only guess he could come up with.

With many tasks to do ahead of him, Ray would look at them a little bit later. After greeting Jack, he informed him of everything that had happened and also said how he would be going to the empire.

"Ray! You have to let me come with you!" Jack pleaded, but it was useless.

"They need you more." Ray said, pointing at the werewolves behind him, who were nervously looking around at the humans. Although they had chosen to go with Jack, and knew that there would be humans here, they were still scared from the events before.

Looking at them, Jack knew Ray was right.

"Ray… Just don't do anything stupid." Jack said.

"And I say the same to you." He replied as they both laughed.

After informing Jack, Ray went on to speak to Katy, as there was some important information he needed to tell her as well. He simply said that she was to follow the orders of Slyvia to the best of her ability. She didn't argue about it and would do what she was asked to, but she couldn't help but wonder who Slyvia was to Ray.

"Is Sylvia the queen." Katy asked.

For a second, Ray took a pause to think about it. She certainly did run the place a lot more than he did, and all of the others respected her like she was one.

"I guess she kinda is." Ray replied.

At that point and time, it felt like a dagger was shoved into Katy's heart, but she kept on a brave face and gave a salute to Ray.

"I shall deliver the goods to her as you ordered." She said, as she quickly went off.

There was one more reason to why Ray had decided to meet the others at the gate. He knew that it would be a while until everything was sorted, and he wanted to get a few items from the carriages himself.

They had completely raided the auction house at the town of Zrey, and there were some good things in there. This included king tier beast crystals. After taking all of the king tier beast crystals, that was possible. The next step was to meet the dwarf Raiden, to see if he could not only create a replacement weapon for Jack but also perhaps some new things for himself as well.

****

After the meeting had ended, both Bliss and Lenny headed to their research room and had also invited Kyle, Harry, and the two students there as well.

Everyone had gathered in the room. Behind both Lenny and Bliss, a table could be seen with several cuffs attached, as well as chains going across the floor. It wasn't a pleasant sight to say the least, and seeing this they knew it wasn't going to be easy either.

Infront of that table was another one to the side, and it was filled with beast crystals which had been separated into piles based on what beasts they had come from. On the table there was a total of six different basic tier crystals, and only four were to go through the beasting process.

"Okay," Lenny said with a huge huff. "Me and Bliss have been talking, and it looks like we should be able to match these beasts to any of you. What I will say though, is to make sure it is one that will compliment your skills. You all saw how much Martha improved and how well it complimented her bow out on the field."

"If your movements require you to be fast and stealthy, then there is no point choosing a beast that won't compliment that." Lenny then panned his eyes around the room as he looked at the four, before pointing towards Harry.

"I believe it's fair that Harry gets the first pick. After all, he will be competing in the All kingdom tournament so it's best if he gets first choice."

The others had no complaints about this. Out of all of them, Harry had done the most work when it came to hunting and killing the beasts, so the others only thought it was fair.

Walking over to the table, Harry looked at each of the crystals and started to think back to when they had fought against the beast. Trying to think what could possibly be useful to him.

Finally, after thinking back for a while, he finally had chosen one, and thus picked up the crystal.

"Yes!" Kyle cheered in excitement. "I mean… Oh no! That's the one I was going to pick."

The others looked at him like a fool. Did he think no one could see or hear his words?

Due to the way Kyle had acted, Lenny decided to allow the two students to go before them picking their own crystals as well, leaving Kyle with the last choice.

As Kyle walked up to the table, he dragged his feet across the floor and his head was down depressed. The one that he would have chosen was chosen by the black knight student Flynn.

Not caring anymore, Kyle didn't even think about what was the most suitable for him and had just chosen one from the table.

"Okay!" Bliss said in a cheery, upbeat voice. "The first people to come up will be you two." She said pointing at the two students.

Immediately, they started to shake. "Wait, why can't we let one of them go first." Flynn replied. "That way we can you know, see how scary it is?"

Wendy didn't say anything, but for once she actually agreed with what Flynn had said. The idea that the beasts they had just fought would become a part of them in some way, was just still all too surreal to imagine.

"The reason is, we need them to hold you down. If you start going out of control and shaking about, then they are going to hold you down."

Bliss words were not helping at all. They were now imagining just how much the process must possibly hurt for them to react like that. But as Wendy thought of her little brother, and how Ray had kept all of his promises of looking after him, she decided to step forward.

"I'll go first." Wendy said.

Wendy walked up to the table, and climbed up top, while Lenny continued on with the preparations of the rest of the crystals.

"You disappoint me, Flynn." Kyle said. "If it was me, that's when I would have volunteered. Saying, "No, I'll go first. It would have been a very, very cool thing to do."

At this point, Flynn took a step away from Kyle. Other than a teacher student relationship, Flynn didn't spend much time with Kyle and now he was starting to see that he was a little strange.

The doors were shut and after a few hours of screaming and bearing through the pain, each one of them went through the process. More guards were called in eventually to help, when it was the a.d.u.l.ts' turn, but there were no hiccups along the way and they had all completed their beasting process.

The special human beast unit had been created and Harry was feeling stronger than ever, ready to take part in the all kingdom tournament.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 408 - A king should wear King tier equipment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Multiple different crystals of different colors, shapes, and sizes were placed on the table in front of Randin. When the little dwarf stopped stuffing his mouth full of food to look up at who it was, he could see it was an old friend of his.

Randin was in the middle of teaching a class. Many people had been recruited and were now part of the blacksmith group. The problem was that they needed training in Randin's unique techniques, and he often would have to show them different concepts that had been created by the Dwarfs. Because of him, the city and everyone could enjoy his new creations and it was how they were able to implement the changes around the city so fast, such as the carriage that required no beast or horses to pull it.

The others were hard at work hammering away at their work benches, placing steel into the furnaces. Still, Ray was disguised, so the students and other workers didn't know who it was that had come to visit them, but the only one that wasn't working was Randin, who was at the back of the room, eating. His favourite pastime when he wasn't working.

Ray could have sworn in the short time he was away, the little dwarf had gotten more plump, but he wouldn't dare hurt a small old man's feelings. At least not a non human.

When Ray arrived with the crystals, he knew straight away who it was. It was a feeling between the two that Randin couldn't quite explain. No disguise was going to fool him.

"How are you, bo…" But before he could finish what he was about to say, his eyes suddenly moved on the crystals below. He couldn't believe it. He had never seen so many different types of King Tier Beast crystals in front of him before.

He was incredibly pleased when he was able to work on the king tier bow, and now this as well. A broad grin appeared on his face, and instead of greetings, he went straight down to business, "What do you need?" He asked.

"Jack needs a new weapon, a large one," Ray said. "It doesn't matter what it is or what it looks like as long as he can swing it about and hit things with it. The bigger it is, the better. Those were his exact words, not mine."

"I like it," Randin said. "The more simple, the better. It allows me to be as creative as I like…" With a slight pause, Randin started to look at Ray, durng his time here, he had only created things for his city and hardly ever created anything for him.

"And for you? How could the King carry on with those gauntlets while everyone else is using King Tier equipment? A king should use King Tier equipment at the very least, wouldn't you agree?"

This made Ray think about his battle approach, he had been using magic a lot more than his actual fighting skills. His level of equipment hadn't mattered to him for a long time, but now that he had promised himself not to use mana steal on his allies. He felt perhaps new equipment would help.

"If there's anything left from these after creating the equipment for Jack, then go ahead, I won't turn it down." Ray replied, "Oh, and there's one more thing."

Out from his dimensional space, Ray pulled out a book and handed it over to Randin, before also pulling out a few pieces of the yellow armour he had retrieved from Zrey and handing it over to him.

"Apparently, that book contains smithing techniques on how to create that special armour there. It seemed to have the power to increase a Normal Knight around fivefold."

Randin's eyes started to light up hearing this. "I thought you had already brought me the main meal, but now you're saying what was before was only a starter. Smithing techniques I don't know of, and a mysterious armour with mystical power. Hga hga hga." He started to giggle to himself.

'Ray couldn't help but think the man had a strange laugh, and Ray wanted to giggle himself, 'Ga, ga, ga, ga' he thought.

"I don't regret the day I started working for you. I'll start working on the weapons and equipment for you and Jack's first. Then I will move onto this special project. I heard you would be taking part in the All Kingdom Tournament, and I wish to make you something before you set off. I'll let you know through somebody when it's ready."

If Randin was able to figure out how the special armour worked before the war with the Shadow Plague, then Ray felt like they had a great chance of winning. The one thing the shadow had the upper hand on them over, was the special effect of the shadow. If one was infected with the shadow, it would give them a strange power boost and that included beasts.

While the Redwings army was small, but full of highly skilled knights. However, the newest additions, including those that had just entered from the nearby towns, were not at a considerable level. It would take a long time to train them to the point they wouldn't just be cannon fodder for the Shadow. The armour would skip all that and would be a great help to the army.

However, Ray was sure there had to be a catch, otherwise, why didn't Russell, Jack's father, sell the yellow equipment to others. Why only have so many men, and why not mass supply it? Either way, he would soon find out.

Outside, by the green sash training area, students' lessons had ended for the day. The lessons were no longer taught by Martha as she was busy with other things, and she would also be one of the ones who would be travelling with Ray for the All Kingdom Tournament. She stood looking out on the balcony at the small model town that the green sash knights used for training.

In her hand, was a regular bow, rather than her King Tier one. After the destruction last time, Slyvia had nagged her quite a lot, telling her not to do something like that again. Even though most of the damage was actually caused by Ray.

She continuously fired standard arrows into the red targets all over as they would appear, but for some reason, she just wasn't into it. After the beasting outing with the others, she remembered the day they had all lost Monk. They were on the search for what had escaped from underneath the Kingdom.

When she returned she had asked Sir K, if there was any news or information about the beast. Maybe then she could learn about what happened to Monk that day and why he had chosen to join the Dark Guild. However, Sir K had reported there had been no reports of dead beasts in the area or anything like it. Assuming that the beast had moved on from this land, quite possibly heading to the Shadow Plague continent or someplace else.

"Monk, I promise I will save you…" Martha had made up her mind.

That day, although the others didn't know it, Monk had met the person behind the whole Shadow Plague continent. This was what happened back then…

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 409 - The Mysterious man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Monk could remember everything that had happened that day well. He was out looking for the beast with the group, and when he saw Martha get grabbed by the strange tentacles in the fog, without hesitation, he had saved her. If he had the choice to do it again, he would have done the same thing in a heartbeat.

What surprised him though, was when he was being dragged down by the beast he had thought he was done for. He had said his peace and his eyes were closed. All he waited, for now, was to carry on falling until eventually, he felt his bones being crushed by the beast.

'I'm just upset we never got to make a family together.' Monk thought.

But the wind pressure from falling and being dragged started to slow down until eventually, he had come to a halt. Opening his eyes, he still could only see the thick misty fog that seems to cover everything. And although he couldn't see the beast, he could see its large outline.

The very size of the thing looked as if it was a moving mountain. He would have thought it was one if it wasn't for its breathing. It would slowly move up and down as it inhaled and exhaled.

But then, Monk had spotted something else. Standing on the very top of the beast's head, a slight shadowy figure could be seen again, with the fog hiding any details.

"Place the boy down." The voice said from above.

As it was ordered, the beast placed Monk on the floor and the tentacles that held him had been removed. Although he was no longer restrained and was free to move, only a fool would try to run in this situation. The beast would be able to easily restrict him once again, the more pressing matter to Monk was why was he kept alive and who was this powerful man, who could control such a large and powerful, gigantic beast.

"That seal, who gave you that." The man asked.

Monk's seal was displayed on his forearms. His arms were mostly bare as he didn't like wearing heavy armour as he focused more on speed than anything else when it came to attacks. The seal on his arm that the man was talking about was the same one that belonged to the Redwings.

"A friend!" Monk replied.

The man started to laugh at hearing the response. "A friend? Now why would a friend need to put a seal on them for, does he not trust you?"

As the man spoke these words, the beast lifted up its strange tentacles and brought him off its head, placing him on the floor. The man started to walk towards Monk, but the fog started to shift with him. Even though he was getting closer to Monk, he was still unseeable.

'He must be controlling the fog, or maybe it's the beast behind him.'

"The mark of a dragon?" The man said, looking closer. "Now why would a human choose to use a symbol like that. Something that they outcasted and chased till the end of extinction."

When speaking, Monk could sense the anger in his voice.

"No human should bear the mark of this in front of me." The man said as his hand moved forward and hovered above Monk's head..

Right now, multiple thoughts were going through Monk's head of the many actions he could take. Should he flee, should he try to fight, shoving his blade through the man's hand? If he was going to die anyway, he should do something right? Yet for some reason, Monk couldn't do either of those things. It wasn't because of fear though, Monk could tell from his sensitive Ki training that he meant no harm.

As the hand was placed on top of his head, suddenly the seal on his forearm started to glow, until a smashing sound like glass was heard. When peaking down, he saw that the seal was no longer on his arm.

He tried to send a message to the others using the system, but it was no longer there.

"I have freed you from your chains." The man said. "I saw what you did, how you saved that girl. Think of this as a reward for your brave actions. You are free to go and choose what you wish to do with your life." He said as he walked away.

Monk was all of a sudden very confused. Was this man not aligned with the shadow, was he not going to infect him or kill him, ask him to betray his friends. What was the purpose of attacking them with the beast?

The curiosity was starting to get to Monk. Not once while interacting with the man had he felt the evil presence he would often feel. He had felt it in the tunnels underneath Avrion. When dealing with the Dark guild members, but not right now.

"Who are you"? Monk asked.

The man stopped before getting on top of the beast

"I believe you already know the answer, but I like you. If you want to learn more, then come down to the south harbour of the Alure kingdom. Or, you can choose to continue following the person who gave you the marking. But let me give you a little warning, there is only one way to break a seal like that, and that's to have more power than the person that placed it on you in the first place. You can stay out of this war, or you can choose to go against me."

With that, the beast lifted the man and went off into the distance. After a few minutes, he could no longer see the giant beast or fog any longer and now Monk could see, he was in a valley of some sorts, and behind him was the large cliff that he had fallen from.

"I'm sorry Martha, but if we want to win this war, we need to find out more about who our enemy is." Monk said.

As his next destination was the south harbour.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 410 - Strange town (Part 1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the seal was removed from Monk, he was no longer a part of the Redwings. He knew the others would be worrying about him considerably, but he thought that maybe he could use this to his advantage. He wanted to help, he wanted to be of use, and perhaps he could do that now.

Missions such as this one were almost impossible to do, and he knew Ray would never allow such a thing. On top of this, the strange man had got him curios, what was waiting at the south harbour of the Alure kingdom?

Travelling from Avrion around the Alure kingdom was easy at the moment. Although at this point and time the Redwings had taken over Avrion, it was at a time when it was still treated as part of the Alure Kingdom.

To afford the cost of travel, Monk decided to sell his Avrion equipment, as well as everything that would show he was previously a knight from them.

The only thing he kept was his daggers which he used as weapons. He had obtained a fair amount of coins and was on his way to the Harbour. When he arrived, it looked to be the same as just any other city or town. The only difference was that it was stationed right by a large river. Being used as a port for sh.i.p.s to deliver goods.

Walking through the town, Monk was trying to see if he could notice anything different.

'I don't know why but I thought maybe everyone here would be infected by the shadow, is the man hiding here?' What he could see though, was several others were walking around who seemed to have never been to the place before either.

Equally, they were looking lost, not just that but their clothes were ragged, torn and some of them didn't even look to be in the best condition. 'Did they just wander in?'

After walking around, Monk started to ask the Locals some questions, but when he approached a fruit stall to ask, he quickly realised something. What was he meant to ask? He had no clue of the man's description and could only remember the sound of his voice.

"Do you know who runs this place, Ma'am?" Monk asked politely thinking maybe this would lead him somewhere. Perhaps the mayor of the town would know.

The woman behind the counter was quite plump, but she had a big smile on her face. "Of course I do, there is a little Inn, where you can get some grub and drink, not too far from here. At the moment they're inside, but they own the place. You're quite lucky because it isn't every day that he comes by to stay."

"What do you mean?" Monk asked.

"You don't know much about this place, do you? This place is privately owned, so technically it's not part of the Alure kingdom, although it still has to follow the rules and pay its taxes like any other place. The owner you see is often away and rarely comes back, but when he does, it seems as if everyone knows about it somehow. They all go to that Inn to find him, and then he takes them off on his ship after a few weeks."

This mysterious owner seemed to be the lead he was looking for, he didn't expect to wield results so fast, but it seemed like he wasn't the only one looking for this man, but all these other people were as well.

Suddenly, Monk heard a grumble from his belly. He hadn't eaten in a while as most of his money was spent on travel and often when he was too focused, he would forget about certain things. One of them being food.

"Here." The woman said as she picked up an apple and went to hand it over.

As Monk went to reach down in his pocket, he realised he had no coins on him at all. "I can't, I'm sorry."

"Just take it, I wasn't charging you in the first place. We all need to eat, and this town is a little more special than you think. One way or another, we have all been in your situation. Where we haven't had the food to feed our bellies, how does it make sense when there's enough food to go around the whole continent, yet we still have people dying of starvation in nearly every major city?" The woman said, shaking her head.

"It's clear that something's wrong with the system."

Monk couldn't agree more with the women. He too, had come from one of those so-called families. He had kind of forgotten about it, since his time at Avrion. When his parents heard the news, they weren't happy because they thought he was going to become a knight, but because they knew he would be well fed and looked after.

Taking the apple, for now, Monk promised he would come back when he had a few coins. The money wouldn't be a significant concern for him. He could always just go to the local guildhall and complete a few simple quests to earn a few coins here and there.

Before that, Monk decided he would head to the Inn to see just what was going on. While walking there, he could see that the many people he saw walking through the town really were walking to the same place as him. The inn was located right on edge near the river and port. So, there was a lot of space in front of it.

When Monk had finally arrived, he could see a massive queue of around a hundred people, not all, but a lot of them looked either poor, sick, or weak with some disease of some sort. Then when looking down at himself, he realised he didn't look too different himself.

Lifting his arm, he went for a sniff and quickly pulled his head away as he scrunched up his face.

'Poof I stink, I haven't had a shower in days. The woman said he would be here for a few weeks right; maybe I should do some quests first before anything.'

Just as Monk was going to walk away from the Inn, he heard screams coming from one of the sh.i.p.s not too far away. His instinct made him rush over in the direction, but he wasn't the only one as two more men seemed to be running with him.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 411 - Strange town (part 2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Not only Monk but the other two men had also arrived at the scene, where the screams were heard. They both stood next to him wearing beast gear and weapons. They could see part of the ship crew being attacked by what looked like some strange huge jellyfishes. The beats had a large head on top with two huge red eyes on it. Then using its many tentacles, it was able to grip onto the ship, and they were even strong enough for it to walk on land.

The scary-looking jellyfish were about as giant as a human. At the moment there were only two jellyfish, but Monk knew they couldn't be any higher than an intermediate level.

As one of the tentacles from the jellyfish went to grip around one of the workers who had fallen across the floor, just in the nick of time, a sword came swinging down from a man cutting the tentacle clean off.

The other man was also helping the civilians; he carried a spear. He would continuously push the Jellyfish back while allowing the others to flee and head back to the inn and other buildings away from the river.

Seeing that the two men were handling everything fine, Monk stayed back a little.

Then, when everything was looking up, three more appeared out from the river and had climbed up on the wooden port.

"Crap, we need more people." The spear wielder shouted.

Just then, running past both the two men, they could see someone in scattered and tattered clothing holding two daggers in his hands run past.

"Is he a civilian, he can't be thinking of going up against those things, he has no armour." The man said as he finished dealing with the first jellyfish, slicing at its head downwards.

"Careful, young man!" he shouted out. "If those tentacles touch your bare skin, they have a shocking effect. They touch you; you're done for!"

After giving his warning, he thought perhaps the young man would decide to back off, but instead, he continued running forward.

"AH, I can't let the foolish kid die like this." The swordsman said as he started to run after him, but the next thing he saw had frozen him entirely.

The tentacles came out, towards Monk, and he managed to avoid not just an attack from one of them, but all three. At the right time, he was able to duck, then bend, placing his hand on the floor, tilting backwards and while doing all this, Monk was able to place his attacks with ease. In just a few seconds, most of the tentacles had fallen off, and they hadn't touched him a single time.

The other two watched, even though they had struggled, but they had beast tier armour on. These dreaded jellyfish were the bane of their existence. They would often come on the shore, so they had specific equipment that would protect them from the shocks. It was the reason why they were able to fight so confidently.

But they had never seen someone so young, be so skilled before, and before they knew it. The boy they were watching had defeated all three of the Jellyfish creatures.

After defeating them, Monk quickly went for the beast crystals inside, pulling them out and placing them in his small pouch by his side.

"Maybe I don't have to do any quests after all. If I sell these, I can pay that woman back." He said with a smile but saw the other two people walking towards him. 'Oh, do they maybe want the crystals? It wasn't an official quest after all, and I'm in the town. Different places work differently, don't they?'

A little upset that he might have to give the crystals back, Monk pulled them out from his pouch and gave it back. He didn't want to cause any arguments, and it wasn't like he desperately needed them anyway.

"Young boy, I think you misunderstood. Those crystals are yours to keep, we aren't going to take them away from you." The spear user said.

"We have never seen anything like this before. You are indeed skilful, have you ever had any kind of training before? And we have to ask this but do you belong to any guild or perhaps a guard for some city?" The spear user asked hoping he would say no. Judging by Monk's clothes, it didn't make sense for him to belong to a guild or work as a guard for a big city or town.

The two of them were looking at him like they had just landed on a gold mine. If they brought him in, then, they would be praised by their leader to no end.

Thinking about what to say for a while, Monk finally decided, he had purposely gotten rid of all signs he was a knight of Avrion on purpose, and based on their equipment they might have had some relation to the man he was looking for.

"No, I do not belong to any guild of any sorts. My family was poor, you see, so I did everything I could to earn money completing quests on my own to feed them. I tried joining a few guilds, but they would always want a bigger cut of the hard work I had done, or I would be cheated, so I preferred to work on my own."

Monk had said this mixing in some truths and lies, after looking at the certain people that were coming to visit the place, he tried coming up with a story that would match the appearance of the others.

"Well, trust us when I say, we're not like that." The spear user said. "You see that over there." The man was pointing at the queue of people lined up outside the inn.

"We don't discriminate against people; anyone can join, and everyone gets looked after and paid a minimum amount which would be more than enough for you and your family to live on. Right now, we're doing try-outs, and I think you would immediately pass and be welcomed to join the guild."

Hearing the last words, it seemed like these people belonged to their own guild.

"May I ask, what is the name of the guild these people are trying out for and you belong to?" Monk asked.

The two men looked at each other before answering and nervously laughed.

"You mean you came to this town without knowing?" The man asked to which Monk didn't reply.

"Well, if you didn't know this may sound bad, but we can explain it really isn't something of a secret. The try-outs are for the Dark Guild."

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 412 - The Tryouts (Part 1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At first, Monk was a little startled hearing the words Dark Guild. 'Can they really have such an open operation like this?' But then looking at the people who stood in front of the inn, he kind of understood.

These were desperate people; they had nowhere to go and were barely hanging on with the will to live, but the Dark Guild was giving them an opportunity, if they needed to do deeds that weren't exactly wholesome to live, then they would do so.

Most likely, some of them even had a bit of hatred for those and the cities that did nothing as they continued this horrid life. Apart from those, there was also another group of people who looked to be in the queue as well. Not as many but Monk could tell by their build and the way they walked.

Former Knights of other cities. There had been a rumor in Avrion that the Dark Guild's leader, Morfran, used to be one of the elders. When he got kicked out for researching dark magic, he decided to create the Dark Guild to oppose them. There were many who couldn't follow the strict knight rules at Avrion and ended up getting kicked out, ending up at the Dark Guild looking for revenge.

Perhaps similar things happened in the other towns and cities, and they ended up here, still wishing to be a knight of some sort.

"Honestly, it's not as bad as everyone thinks it is." The spear user said, trying to convince Monk. "You are free to leave whenever you want, and there are no such repercussions if you choose to do so. I would say at least give it a try."

Monk paused for a second as if he was thinking about it, even though he already knew his answer.

"It's okay, you're right, I didn't know this was tryouts for the Dark Guild," Monk replied, "But it's not like I have anywhere else to go."

With that, the two men had a big smile on their faces, and the three of them walked over to the Inn. As these two were already members, they were able to pass the long queue and enter the inn directly. Once inside, Monk could see that someone had cleared the Inn off of all its tables and chairs.

The inn was still serving drinks and snacks though and the crowd was cheering with joy. All of the people inside seemed to be looking towards the centre, which was an open circle. Currently, no one was standing inside the circle, but when Monk came near, he was surprised to see blood spilt all over the place, and just with one look, he was able to identify it was fresh blood.

"Don't look so worried, no one has ever died in the tryouts, although I can say there is always someone who has knocked out a tooth or two while fighting each other." The sword user explained.

One section of the circle, there was a clear pathway and a table that had been set up, with a man sitting there. The queue that was leading outside had also carried on inside and they were all lined up waiting to be seen at the table.

"Okay, great just step in the circle for me." The man said at the desk.

The contestant stepped into the circle and waited patiently, and soon after the next person who came to register stepped in as well.

"The rules of the tryouts are simple." The sword user explained talking to Monk by his side. They were now both watching what was happening in the ring. Two wooden swords were thrown into the centre of the ring, and they quickly picked them up off the floor. "Show us your skill, and defeat the person in front of you. Fifty participants will be accepted no matter what, while the rest will be given a small number of coins for participating."

It now made sense why there were so many people, perhaps not all of them were interested in joining the Dark Guild but more so in the coins that were given. Win or lose either way. However, those that wanted to join would try their best to win.

"Hmph!" The spear user huffed. "In a way, it greatly depends on your luck. Sometimes you will be put against someone who has never held a sword before. While others you could be going up against an Ex-Knight of Avrion."

"Then that just means they weren't meant to be." The sword user replied.

Watching the fight, Monk could clearly tell the two were amateurs, and most likely never held a sword in their life before. They were sloppy in their attacks, but surprisingly it seemed like they were both trying to win. Perhaps this would be the comfortable life they had wished for. Looking at them, he knew the old Avrion would have never taken them in.

They only took in those that showed promise from the young age of five. At least these two were given some chance.

The night finally came to an end, with a few of them having bruise marks. In the end, one of the participants just held the sword against the other's throat until he passed out, and one was declared the winner.

"Alright young one, your times up." The sword user said. "I put in a word, so they've allowed you to skip the queue."

"Seriously," Monk said unprepared for this type of thing.

"Just go, you don't need to worry." The spear user said as he pushed Monk into the centre of the arena. When seeing Monk, the crowd watching looked in disappointment.

Although Monk was seventeen and nearly an a.d.u.l.t, he had always had a small frame and was shorter than others. This made everyone believe that he was a kid, and they ended up losing interest in the upcoming fight.

The next person to step into the ring was a slightly larger man, he was one of the very few who didn't have ragged clothing and looked like he had at least had a shower, unlike the others. When he picked up the wooden sword from the ground, he did a few practice swings showing off his skills.

The sound as the sword went through the air was impressive, and the swings looked fast.

"You were unlucky to go against me," The man said as he began to charge up against him, "I used to be a guard of Leberg City. Unfortunately due to being a little rough with a few prisoners I was told to leave."

Monk picked up the sword and didn't say anything; he didn't do any fancy and just got into a fighting stance.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 413 - The Tryouts (Part 2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

From the outside, just looking at the two, there was a clear size difference and most likely an apparent age gap as well. With the age gap, it meant one would more likely have more experience. And judging from the man's few practice swings, he was a skilled Knight—him declaring it just confirmed that fact.

Some felt sorry for the poor boy, who perhaps just wanted to come in to earn a few coins to have a good meal for the night. At the same time, others were upset at Monk. For wasting their time watching what could have been considered a good fight.

Still, the taunts from the crowd were expressed loudly, and Monk could hear it all, but he chose to ignore it. Blocking it out and only concentrating on one thing. This concentration was what made him become the best in the Black Sash night, Avrion had ever seen, when it came down to just pure training skills.

"Begin!" A man shouted, and the fight had started.

The former knight continued to show off by swinging his sword around in circles and then switching it from one hand to another. The crowd gasped in response while a few of the more experienced ones chuckled, thinking it was a bit cheesy.

"What a show-off."The sword user said who had found Monk.

"Don't worry. We know what happens to showmen off the field. They do well for a few days, and then they end up taking on too much and end up dying in the process." The spear user said. "And look at the kids eyes. He's not concerned or worried one bit about this man."

Walking forward with the wooden sword, Monk took a single swing, before reaching him. "Weight, speed, balance." He mumbled to himself. That was all he needed to gauge how heavy the sword was, how fast his trike would be, if he was to block, move or attack.

Inching his way closer, the man stopped showing off and started to focus himself. He continued to swing the sword about but now was in a defensive style. Moving it about in an S shape in front of himself. It was a style that focused on parrying the first attack and then counter-attacking straight after.

"Ah, I know that style, it's from the cobra snap school!" someone from the crowd shouted. "I hear knights at a certain level get taught it, he must have been quite a high ranking official in his past then."

"Now you're making me feel sorry for the kid, why is he bothering to go all out against someone like this." Another said.

Seeing the strange movements didn't bother Monk one bit and instead when he was in striking distance, he threw an attack down from the side towards the man's ribs.

The man quickly moved his sword in place, ready to whip and parry the strike away, before snapping with his own attack, but as his sword was about to connect with Monk's, suddenly it looked as if the attack phased through the very sword itself.

'Damn, did I mess up, I guess I am a little out of practice.' The man thought. 'I'll just have to take the hit and still attack back.'

A strike from someone of Monk's size shouldn't have hurt at all, but Monk wasn't just throwing a normal attack, he was throwing one infused with Ki, reinforcing the wooden sword so it wouldn't snap and making his strike more powerful.

As it hit the man's ribs, a cracking noise was heard, and his feet were slightly lifted off the floor. The impact had made a loud, banging noise like a whip.

The man felt the blow was so powerful, his eyes would pop out from his head, and before he could even react, the next strike had come from above hitting him on the head.

Although, Monk did allow himself to hold back with his last strie, causing the man to fall to the floor.

A few seconds of silence had passed, but in the next moment, they were full of cheers. They didn't care about his age or size; they just wanted to see an intense fight, and they had witnessed it there and then.

After the fight was over, the sword and spear users took him off to their side and told him to continue watching the rest of the fights. He was to stay here until night time when they would kick out all of the participants. They offered him a few drinks but he refused as he wanted to focus on what was going around them.

The three of them were now standing near the back as the other two were drinking and observing. A strange middle-aged man had come and approached them from the side and decided to stay near Monk.

"You're not drinking? It's on the house." The man said.

"I don't drink, it makes the reaction speed slow down, and you never know when there might be a beast attack happening." Monk replied.

"True, but that doesn't matter if one was to use Ki to dispel the poison, I'm sure you could easily do that." The man said, with a smile looking at Monk.

'He noticed, he must be quite strong this man,' Monk thought.

"But what's the fun in that?" The man replied back taking a sip from his drink.

The fight continued and it was the last fight of the evening, the two men who were with Monk were genuinely enjoying every last bit of it, while Monk, now he was more interested in the mysterious man who stood by his side.

He had black hair that was tied back and on his face a moustache with a goatee. It reminded Monk of the many nobles he used to see in the past.

The fight had eventually come to an end and it was time to kick out everyone who either hadn't passed the tryouts or wasn't a part of the Dark Guild from the inn. That's when Monk noticed how many people were actually here just to watch the fight. As the crowd dispersed, the remainders started to clean up the place.

"Now everyone's gone, how about a match of our own." The mysterious man said. "I can see you're interested in me, it's hard to hide with those piercing eyes of yours young boy.."

Now with everything a lot quieter, the two stood by the bar could hear the other voice and turned to look at who it was. When they saw, they immediately bent down on their knees. "We're sorry, sir, we didn't notice your arrival." They said.

While one of them tugged on Monk's sleeve trying to get him to do the same. But Monk would never bow down to a stranger, only one he owed something to.

"You idiot, don't you know who that is? That's the Dark Guild's leader, Morfran."

Hearing this name, caused terrible memories of the tournament to surface in his mind, his blood boiling as he remembered how so many people had died that day.

"Come on, let's do it!" Monk said.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 414 - The new Monk (Part 1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After finding out that the town was being used as a place for the requirement of the Dark guild, Monk thought perhaps there would be some high official here, but he never thought for a second that the Guild leader himself would be here. But the more he thought about it, the more it made sense he would linger not too far away from Avrion. This way he would be able to gather as much information as possible on his number one enemy.

As Monk walked towards the centre, the other members including the ones who had invited Monk noticed that Morfran was also walking towards the centre of the room.

"It can't be?" The spear user said. "The two of them aren't going to fight, right?"

"it's been a long time since I saw the boss fight, I guess he saw something in the kid." The other said.

Then a few seconds later Monk picked up the wooden sword of the floor and looked at Morfran doing the same. Looking at Morfran, the memories of what had happened before started to flash in his head. How he had burnt all of them with his powerful lightning powers and nearly none of them could move that day.. If it weren't for Ray who had come and saved them disguised as Nes. Perhaps he wouldn't be alive.

It had been a while since then, and Monk had grown stronger, learnt more skills and was ready, but he had to admit, the lightning barrier that would be hard to pass.

Looking at how he was dressed now, he looked completely different. There was no strange powerful armour, and he just looked like a normal noble who had wandered off the street. For a second, Monk possibly thought that this was the same man he had met off the cliff side. But now he was sure it wasn't. The two of them had different energies when speaking.

"You're a knight of Avrion correct?" Morfran asked, not remembering who Monk was. He hadn't really made an impression on him the last time they had met. "You don't have to answer, I know you're a knight of Avrion. That skill and foot work you used. They both were taught to you by… What does he go by now, Sir K I think it was."

Staying silent, Monk decided he would just concentrate on the fight ahead. Perhaps winning this thing might prove to him he had made the right choice joining Avrion. The more time he spent here, the more conflicted he was starting to feel. The Dark guild were normal people, just like those at Avrion. The only difference was the goal in sight. Perhaps it was just their methods that were too extreme.

"Silence huh, well you certainly suit the black sashes I remember." Morfran said as he started to swing the wooden sword about. "Lets do this with tryout rules. I won't use any of my magic and just use my own sword skills. I think that would be more fair right."

The adrenaline was building up in Monk more and more. Usually he could calm himself down, and he was trying to, with the techniques he knew, but his anger ran quite deep for the man in front of him. It was one thing to attack those that did you harm, but not innocent civilians. That was one thing he could never do.

"Let's fight!" Morfran shouted with a smile.

As soon as those words were spoken, Monk was the one who dashed forward, using the dancing footwork, taught to the black sashes, a strange pattern that would hop along on your feet, moving you from area to area while tricking your opponent and making your movements unpredictable. Then, when Monk was close enough, he jumped down from Morfran's left side. Using the black sash dance, he suddenly swirled behind him. Morfran managed to surprisingly follow this by swirling around as well. But Monk accepted this. Of course, Morfran had to be confident in his knight skills to even suggest such a battle.

A strike was made toward his neck, but it was a phantom strike, really coming from another direction altogether, and just as it was about to hit his head, it stopped being held in Morfran's hand.

"I never liked that stupid fancy style of his!" Morfran said as he snapped the wooden sword that was infused with Monk's ki and then swung his own sword down..

There was nothing special about Morfran's swing, it didn't have any finesse, there was no beauty, or little tricks. It was just a regular swing. As if someone who had never held a sword before was told to swing as fast as you can.. There were openings everywhere, yet for some reason Monk couldn't do a single thing.

The blow, the speed, the power, it was all too fast for him to move, dodge or even counterattack. The blow came striking down, Hitting monk on the shoulder, he knew it had broken the second the attack had hit, but the powerful blow continued there shifting his whole body forward and throwing him to the ground. He had hit the floor so hard his body had bounced slightly and a few seconds later Monk was coughing out blood.

"I was never destined to be a Knight at Avrion." Morfran said. "I don't even know why I was picked, perhaps some type of mistake. But look at this, all those skills you learnt, that you spent years perfecting turned out to be useless in front of pure power. I didn't realise it before, but what Avrion did to me by kicking me out was a blessing. I wondered and wanted my petty revenge but then I realised my views were wrong.."

Morfran then walked over towards Monk and held out his hand.

"My whole outlook and the whole dark guild changed that day when I met him. You met him too didn't you, that's why you're here." Morfran said.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 415 - The new Monk (Part 2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Refusing to take Morfran's hand that was hanging above his head, Monk slammed his fist on the floor. He was frustrated, after all those years of work, and still he couldn't touch Morfran even when it came to just swordsmanship. It also seemed like the rumours were true, Morfran was never good at using the sword, he had gotten his Elder seat in Avrion through other means. They were also rumours of him being incredibly weak.

So why, why did Monk lose? What changed Morfran? The curiosity was starting to fill Monk's mind, but still he couldn't accept his hand, and instead lifted himself off the ground, and started to walk away, holding his chest to the counter of the bar.

With that Morfran decided to leave it for now, and from there a few days had passed. In the next few days, Monk continued to come to the inn, as he passed the trials he was able to sleep there and was given a set amount of coins each day. This was more than enough for him to buy food and even save up little by little if he wanted to do more.

He continued to watch as people came day after day to the special Inn. And he continued to hang around the sword User, which he later found out was Zane, and the spear user who was called Pery. Morfran also stayed in the Inn watching each fight that day, and would constantly look over at Monk once in a while..

Truthfully, Monk hadn't made up his mind about what he would do. It didn't seem like Morfran cared if he joined the Dark guild or not, but Monk himself was starting to worry.

If he was to join would his views slowly start to change into how Morfran and the others felt. Or could he use this to find out about the Dark guild and the person behind this all? A way for them to win the war.

After the tryouts were complete for the day, Monk and Zane would then do tasks given by the Dark guild. This included delivering food to those that were hungry in the town. The participants who failed and those that just look like they needed it. What surprised Monk about this was when doing these selfless deeds not once was the Dark guilds name mentioned.

Several guilds did these types of things from time to time, but they would always make sure everyone knew where this was coming from. It was a way to build reputation and allowed people to think good of a guild. Even the Redwing army was told to do this by Sylvia. As their reputation was bad and needed to be quickly improved.

As they dropped off a box of goods at another house Monk had to ask the others.

"How do people find out about this trial place? It's not like it's advertised. If it was, I'm sure Alure would try to get rid of it." Monk said. "How do you keep the ones that don't get selected a secret?"

"We do nothing." Zane replied. "I don't know when it started, but I guess people just knew what Morfran was doing. I heard this was most likely how the Dark guild had started in the first place. At first there were many like you, they would just come here, unknowingly to find out later a man was paying good coin for those that joined his guild."

"Back then there wasn't a name for it, and they respected the leader and continued to work for him. This spread further and further. However, they started to get a bad name for themselves. There were some in the guild that were known as ex-criminals, some even as far as murdered, and in turn this caused the bad reputation. Still, nothing has changed. People find their way here learning from others, it's as if someone can sense their own kind."

"And even those that don't succeed in joining are grateful for the help. At this time i'm sure they know it's crazy to mention the Dark guild. Everyone knows our reputation. If someone saved your life, or gave you food when you were starving, would you put them in that sort of trouble? Things just continued the way it is and we haven't had any bad thing happen to us since."

The more time Monk spent with Zane and Pery, the more he felt like they were normal people. 'Is it all a trick, maybe some type of brainwashing. They do all these nice acts to those that need it, help. Make people think that everything they are doing is good. Then when Morfran gives them a job to do, he can spin the story how he likes. Telling them once again this is for a good cause.'

'After they've done so many good deeds, and helped so many people's lives they think, it has to be for a good cause right? They have only one good so far.' Right now, this was the most plausible explanation Monk could come up with because it just all wasn't making any sense to him.

"Have you two ever killed?" Monk asked.

"Morfran has never asked us to, he always allows us to do as we wish. But he has looked after us for so long, that we wish to one day return the favour. If he asks us to kill, for the sake of the Guilds doings, then I believe I would do so." Zane replied and Pery next to him agreed.

??Looks like my line of thinking was spot on.' But looking at the two innocent people in front of him. Monk didn't want them to turn into cold-blooded murders who had been brainwashed. Perhaps he too could have been in their position and easily been influenced just like them. Monk wanted to help them and the many more..

The next day Monk had gone back to the Inn early in the morning and approached Morfran at the counter.

"I want to join the Dark guild." Monk said.

For a brief second, he looked at Monk up and down.

"If you want to join, all knights from Avrion must do something." He replied. "Go back and tell them, you're leaving for good."

*****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 416 - New Equipment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It had been a good couple of weeks since Ray had arrived back at Avrion, and so far things seemed to be going smoothly. The ex members of the black ring guild were sent out along with Dan to the section of the Shadow plague continent they had cleared. They were not only defending the place but also helping build as well as grow the place at the same time.

The agriculture was going fine as well. Using the gold that Ray had brought in, they were able to buy all the things they needed and with the help of the aid that the queen had sent from the Alure kingdom it looked as if soon they would have quite the farm on their hands. Both Lenny and Bliss were also looking for ways they could develop special solutions to help them grow faster while teaching the newly selected students and a.d.u.l.ts about magic.

There still weren't many, around twenty or so people, but every place had to start from somewhere. As for the citizens that recently joined the kingdom, the expansion project was underway. The bulk of the work was being done by Katy and the werewolves who had joined. There were no questions asked when they were told to do what they needed to do.

However, the problems started when they tried to ask the citizens to go ahead and start building the homes they would soon be living in. This type of thing was uncommon. Usually when moving to a city they would be allowed to do work as long as they could pay taxes, but this wasn't Ray's order. He felt like they would appreciate and care about the city more, if they were the ones who actually built the homes they lived in.

Some refused and decided to head back, but still, most of them decided to stay in the end. In a way it was a form of labour anyway, and they were still getting plenty of food, and good sleep in the city until the expansion was done. Still, there were other problems along the way.

Some of the humans seemed to dislike the fact that there were half human, half beast type creatures living with them. It worried the regular citizens, for they felt like if they were ever to have an argument or get into some type of fight, they might kill them by accident.

Because of this, a few more people decided to leave. There were still those that had their doubts that decided to stay, but that was mostly because Jack was looking after them. Jack had grown quite the reputation in the city as the king's right-hand man. If he was okay with everything, then so would they.

'King's right-hand man huh,' Jack thought. 'Unfortunately, that place was already taken by someone else even before me.' He thought after hearing all these rumours of himself.

It was strange Ray had felt busy at this time, but at the same time not busy. Sylvia would every day would update him on the matters in the city, and he would often go check them out, talking to the public, talking to the different sections of the army. Whenever he returned home, he would be beat. Even more so than when he used to fight.

Still, there wasn't much he could do, as it was pointless to even hunt in the local area due to the lack of high tiered beast. But finally, it seemed like he had something to look forward to. This was because both his and Jack's weapons had been completed by Randin.

Remembering how powerful the bow was in Martha's hand, Ray couldn't deny the fact that he was expecting something just as good. As for the meeting spot. Randin had told him to go to the outside training area, behind the academy on the open field, knowing that Ray would want to give them a try.

When Ray had arrived, he could see the small dwarf Randin and two of his forging students standing by his side holding equipment in their hand. The only thing was the equipment was covered by cloth, waiting for the grand reveal.

"I've worked hard on this, my dear friend." Randin said as his hands were still covered in a strange black substance. As if he had been working on it until this very last moment. "First, let me show you this." Randin said as he pulled back the cloth that was hiding the bigger weapon of the two.

Underneath the cloth was what could only be described as a giant hammer. It was so large that it was as big as the student carrying it. The bottom of the handle was placed on the floor, while the top part of the head which was wider than his shoulders went slightly above his height.

Although, this shouldn't be too much of a problem for Jack, since he was quite tall compared to others.

"As you can see, you wanted big, so I delivered. And I thought what would be better than the ancient club. Starting off with a thin handle from the bottom and slowly getting thicker as it goes upward, then when we reach the top we have almost a giant tooth-like design. On one side the flat head, a large surface area that will be able to slam any giant beast, and the other end, a sharp point, that can be used to hook in and pull creatures apart."

"Of course, like with most of my equipment, I tried to keep to the stylish black and red design. Although the equipment looks ancient and literally has looked as if it was carved right out of a living beast, there are several red lines of energy from the beast crystals running through it. Almost making it look like a volcano, and one more thing."

Randin then went to take the giant club hammer from the student. The whole scene looked ridiculous as the hammer was nearly three times the size of Randin himself. Still, somehow he was able to hold the giant thing with one hand. His muscle building and the veins running through his whole body.

"Watch this!" Randin said, grabbing it now with both hands. Using all his strength, he lifted the hammer above his heads, and the two students that were near him quickly got out of the way. Swinging down the hammer as hard as he could, he smashed it against the floor, causing a small crater.

But then something strange continued to happen. From the initial attack, underneath the ground, it looked as if something was alive, moving, and bringing up part of the floor with it. Then when it treaded about two meters away, a large piece of earth popped up from the ground shooting up. Looking at it, Ray could tell the force of the pillars that had appeared from the ground was powerful and fast.

"The king tier crystals I chose all belonged to earth type beasts. They had the ability to control earth in some way, and I was able to bring that across into the weapon. I call this an active skill. Anyone can use it, and it doesn't require Magic either, like Martha's bow. Although I would say what her bow can do is an active skill as well."

"The force from the pillars that rise up is always the same, no matter how hard or soft you hit the ground. But the weaker the attack, the smaller the distance, and the stronger the attack the further it will go out. Jack will have to practice a bit to get used to it, and of course, this attack only works being used on the ground or a solid object. If he was to hit a person with the hammer normally, or a creature, nothing would happen, other than the pure force of the original attack."

Thinking about it, Ray thought something like this might be a little too difficult for Jack. But if he was to try it himself, maybe he would be able to know or not.

Picking up the hammer for himself, Ray wanted to give it ago. With one hand, he decided to slam the hammer down, quite hard out on the field. The ground started to rise slightly, going in a straight line, and this time it seemed to go out about ten meters before poles of earth had risen from the ground.

"This is impressive." Ray said. "It will give Jack some variation in his attack, and will do well when he needs to defeat an opponent far away." Placing it in his dimensional space, after he had one more thing to do, Ray would head back and hand it to Jack.

But finally it was his time, saving the best till last; Ray wanted to see what his new and improved gauntlets would be able to do.

"Here we go." Randin said.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 417 - Leaving Party
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Soon, the item behind the cloth was revealed, and in the student's hand, appeared a new pair of gauntlets. The first pair of King Tier gauntlets that Ray had ever seen or set his eyes on. Moving forward, Ray decided to take a closer look, and slowly a smile appeared on his face.

"I like it," Ray said, "I like it a lot."

The Gauntlets were made mainly of three different colours, gold, red and black. The base of the colour was in not too shiny gold, almost looking a little bit of silver. Then between the joints and the palm of the gauntlets, he could see a black underline. Finally, to finish off all, the trimmings were done in a fiery red colour.

The design pleased Ray, as well as spiral patterns of flames, could be seen engraved throughout, filled with the black colour, and the outline of red on either side. Then where the gauntlets ended, just by the elbow, it would slightly extend producing several wavy patterns as if they were spitting out fire like a dragon.

Just looking at them, Ray could feel that it was a King Tier weapon. Picking them up and putting them on, he almost wanted to try them on instantly.

"Are they powerful?" Ray asked as he started to put on the first pair.

"If you are talking about sheer attack power, they're actually the same as your previous gauntlets," Randin said.

Hearing those words had caused Ray to freeze slightly before he had even put on the second pair.

"I knew you might not be happy about this, but let me explain," Randin said. "You see, Gauntlets aren't originally a striking weapon and mainly used for defence. Punching your enemy rather than cutting them has always been a last resort. So when making a pair out of the crystals you gave me, I had to naturally forge them the way the weapons were meant to be. Otherwise, it would have produced lackl.u.s.ter results..

"Now, although the attack is the same, its durability and defence are top-notch. In the tournament you will be facing the best of every Kingdom, it will come as no surprise if they have King Tier weapons, perhaps even better. With these gauntlets on, a King Tier sword wouldn't even be able to put a scratch, it will even be able to withstand attacks from a Tier above." He continued to explain.

"As for an active skill, I'm sure it has one, well, not one that I could activate. Perhaps it is the same as Martha's bow, and it's powered by magic, either way, I'm sure you will know how to use them."

It was a shame that the gauntlets weren't able to add to his current strength, but at least this way, he would never have to worry about them breaking if he was to be in a fight. It also just went to show that perhaps, Ray should also start working on his swordsmanship in the future. Although Dragons no longer existed, there were still beasts that he remembered fighting with that were worthy opponents. Their scales and hides were as tough as anything. So just punching them would no longer work, he would need a sword.

He had the Raven sword and had been practising swordsmanship with Sir K, but still, the weight and balance just didn't feel quite right for Ray, so, for now, he would continue to use his martial arts mainly. Perhaps he would try defeating his opponents with the sword first as a form of practice, and if it didn't work out, he would switch to the gauntlets later.

After he was done thinking about everything, he quickly put on the other pair of gauntlets, and just like with the bow, a system message appeared.

[Please input elemental mana to create a shield]

"Oh, now this is interesting." Ray thought.

First, Ray started to concentrate and activated his fire attribute. Instead of his gauntlets being covered in flames like they usually would, something else seemed to happen. From the side of his forearms, strange red energy started to appear. On both sides, they formed a large semi-circle, which soon turned a circle.

When looking at him, it looked as if Ray had a disk of energy coming out from his forearm. This was the same for both sides of his arm.

Randin picked up a clump of dirt and threw it towards Ray. Knowing what he was trying to do, Ray decided to block it with the red circle part. As the dirt hit it immediately went up in flames.

"A shield of flames, interesting. Try that again." Ray said.

This time, Randin did the same, throwing another clump of dirt. Seeing how thin the circle was, he had an idea. Using the edge of the circle, he swung his arm, slashing the stone, and it was smoothly cut in half.

It was hard to tell how well it would work against different types of armour, but it had managed to cut the clump of dirt just like any other sword. Perhaps the stronger his magical attribute was, the stronger the shield and the edges would be.

As he tried a different attribute, Ray was able to do the same, changing the shield from a fire one into an ice one, then changing it to one made of lighting that seemed to spark and attack objects that came within a certain distance.. although the lighting attack appeared weak, it just added to Ray's theory from earlier.

It seemed like depending on his elemental attribute he would put into the gauntlets, it would create a small shield using that element. There were slight differences between what the shield would do and the strength of the shield itself, depending on how many attribute points he had in each one.

This would be a perfect tool to use when fighting against certain elemental beasts. If he was to fight different types, he could change his shield on the go, giving him an advantage. The same could be said when going against magic users as well. However, what got him a bit down was the fact the active skill required mana to be used. Which meant this skill would be seen as a magic ability, so it wouldn't be allowed to be used in the all kingdom tournament.

It was the same for Ray's ten newly acquired skills, from saving the slaves. Since Ray's powers in the past focused on magic, all of the new ones he gained were based on that as well. Such as a lightning bolt, and a healing ability he learnt recently. It was too bad he wouldn't be able to use them, but at the same time, this was good for him.

He didn't want to be the type of human to just relied on his own magic in the first place.

"You did a good job Randin. I look forward to seeing what you create in the future as well, including what you will do with the yellow armour." Ray said, complimenting him.

"Yes, I'm still looking into the book you gave me. It's certainly interesting but it will take some time before anything is done. There is a certain material that I have never heard before. I have requested a team to go back to the strange town of yours to see if they can find anything out about it. On a separate note. Will you be leaving tomorrow? Who will be going with you?" He asked.

"I won't know till morning, I will be waiting by the gate, and I have left it all up to Slyvia to decide who will be travelling with me." Ray replied.

"She's a good girl that one, make sure you keep her by your side, always." When saying this, Randin was thinking along the lines of a queen, or perhaps a good wife. She had not only treated him well, but even in the short amount of time Randin was here, he could tell there was another thing that was driving her to do all this.

And it went beyond just doing a favour for a friend.

But Ray thought he was just talking about her as a companion.

"Indeed, she has done more for this city than I could have ever wished.

After delivering Jack his new weapon, Ray decided to head back to get a good night's rest. He didn't bother to explain to Jack how the hammer worked; it was best for someone like him to figure it out himself anyway. Besides, Jack looked more pleased than ever, mainly due to its size. The weight was perfect for him, as well.

The next day had arrived, and Ray headed toward the carriage in his usual disguise, making sure not to attract attention. He had planned to enter the Empire like this as well. The tournament was yet to start, but Ray wanted to enter the Empire a little earlier hoping he could find some beasts that would help him level up. Because of this, he would keep the disguise but actually fight as his usual self during the tournament.

When Ray arrived at the Front Gate, Harry was already there waiting. There was then Martha and Kyle.

"Is this everyone?" Ray asked, thinking that this really was a small group being sent to the Empire. However, he didn't mind this. The group of people in front of him were those that he had first met when coming to Avrion. He trusted them the most and it took him back to when he first came to Avrion. If only Monk, Gary, and Ian were here as well, he thought.

"No that's not everyone." A familiar female voice was heard, and when Ray turned around, he could see Slyvia, there with a bag and a trusty sword and shield on her back. It was something Ray hadn't seen in a long time.

"What? Am I not allowed to come?" Slyvia said, looking at the strange look that appeared on Ray's face.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 418 - Off to the Empire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At first, Ray was a bit surprised at the idea of Slyvia coming with them. Out of all the people, the one person he was sure about that would never come was her. For a second he was wondering if he was even seeing the same person. Too many times when he had seen her she had always been in the plain robes that the elders wore, the official uniform that hadn't changed much since the time at Avrion. Right now, she has head to toe in her adventurer gear, some improved armour from last time and a fancy sword and shield.

Although before it had her family colours of blue and white, they were now red and black to go with the whole Redwing theme.

Seeing her like this, he couldn't help but start to think about certain thoughts.

What would he do if she was to get hurt? Will she be able to take care of herself? What happens if someone tried to kidnap her? Is it safe for her to travel with them?

The feeling he had indeed was similar to that of a parent worrying about their child. It was as if they had just started going out to the world for the first time.

"Are you worried?" She asked, seeing that Ray was frozen in place and hadn't said any words for an entire minute. The others had seen this type of reaction twice from Ray now in such a short amount of time.

He was first speechless when he saw his mother, and now the same thing happened again when Slyvia arrived.

"Of course, I'm worried." Said Ray, "Who...Who will look after the city?"

The others watching wanted to either hide or go behind Ray and give him a big old slap on the back of his head. How could one person be so dense?

Hearing these words, Slyvia decided to storm right past Ray putting her belongings and climbing onto the back of the carriage.

'What's wrong with her?' He thought, confused by her actions. The weight in each of her footsteps had hit the floor hard and now sitting in the back of the carriage she had both her arms crossed.

"If you haven't forgotten, there are five other elders in the city who are more than capable of running the place." Slyvia no longer spoke in a soft tone like she was earlier. The others could tell she was really upset, and they knew why.

"Anyway, if you must know the reason why I have decided to join, it's because of my brothers," Slyvia explained.

It had been a long time since Ray had seen or heard of Slyvia's brothers, the last time he remembered seeing them was during the Avrion Tournament. If he remembered correctly, all three of her brothers were soldiers in the Alure Kingdom Army and had quite the high experience in fighting on the Frontlines. The eldest of the three brothers was a General, while the other two were captains.

The Shadow Continent not only expanded to the point where it affected Avrion, but it also swirled around it to the point where the Alure Kingdom needed to defend its borders from them as well. And this was where Slyvia's brothers were stationed.

But their powers were in magic, not in swordsmanship, so what would they be doing at the tournament?

"Although technically we aren't part of the same Kingdom, as I am with the Redwings. But I have been in touch with them regularly. They told me that the battle on the border has now calmed down, and they have been asked to escort the Alure Kingdoms contestants to the Empire. It's been a long time since I've seen them, and some things couldn't be said in a letter in case it was intercepted."

With that all said and done, the group boarded on the carriage and were on their way to the Empire.

The carriage they were using was the special one that was powered by beast crystals. So they didn't have to worry about things like looking after horses and such.

Although Ray was first against the idea of Slyvia coming with them, his mind soon changed. As the group started talking more, it really did remind him of his childhood. Even if he was silent for most of the ride. The exciting feeling of them going on an adventure, and the look on their faces made him smile.

However, Slyvia was also silent for most of the trip, and whenever she made eye contact with Ray, she would quickly turn her head away.

Clearly, he had done something wrong, but he didn't quite know what. The others could also feel the weird tension on the carriage, but they couldn't let it continue this way for the whole ride.

After all, to get the Empire, one way or another, they would have to pass at least three Kingdoms. It would be a long journey, and even with the fast moving carriage would take them about a week to get there.

"Ray, can I ask something?" Martha asked, "When this is all over, say we get rid of the Shadow, the Empire isn't our enemy anymore, and the Redwings are living a happy and comfortable life; what do you plan to do after that?"

Ray started to think, so far, the only thing he truthfully had on his mind was getting his body back. If he did achieve everything, perhaps he would just rest once again like a peaceful dragon. That was all he ever wished for.

"I would be able to finally have some rest," Ray replied. Hearing this, the others felt like Ray sounded a little like an old man. He was only seventeen, barely touching the eighteenth year, although he looked a little older. The words sounded like he was tired and weary, and they all felt a bit sorry for him.

But this answer wasn't what Martha was trying to get at; she was trying to steer the conversation towards something else.

"And when you rest, do you see that with someone, maybe a family or something perhaps," Martha asked.

Now Slyvia and the others who were by her side knew what she was trying to get at. A little embarrassed, Slyvia stomped on Martha's foot as a signal for her to stop.

Right now, she didn't need an answer. She was happy being ignorant. Maybe if she knew how Ray felt, then it would change the way she thought, because she was scared about his answer.

"A family.." Ray paused, looking at everyone. Then words that everyone had never thought he would ever say came out of his mouth, "The Redwings are like a family to me, but I don't see myself as part of the family."

The others wanted Ray to expand on his words, but he quickly left the carriage after and went out to the front to make sure they were still going in the right direction.

When going through each Kingdom's borders, they chose to not to lie and said exactly where they were from to see if the Empire really was planning onto something or not.

They didn't declare the King was with them but just pretended they were citizens of the Redwing Kingdom.

The only thing that seemed to happen as they passed through borders and were stopped by random people were the taxes. Usually, a toll fee would have to be paid as you went through each area.

In this case, the Redwings were being charged nearly triple what the regular price was, but not wanting to cause a fuss, they paid it and continued to move forward.

"Ray, do you want to stop off at any of the other Kingdoms, perhaps?" Kyle couldn't help but ask, hoping to make the whole thing a bit of a fun trip for himself and lift off the depressed mood.

"I think it will be best if we only stop for supplies or to eat once in a while," Ray replied. "But completely stopping is not a good idea. If you really want, we can stop off in a Kingdom on the way back. That is if the Shadow hasn't attacked us already by then."

As he spoke these words, Ray started to play with the pendant around his neck. His mother had given it to him when she left, and according to the others, his mother was also originally from the Empire.

This was something he didn't know, and he was wondering what was so important about the pendant. Maybe there would be more things than just getting stronger he could find out at the Empire.

Finally, after traveling through all different weather and terrains, they could see the Empire in sight up ahead. Even though they were just looking at the border, it looked as if a high wall had been built all around the border, not letting anyone in or out.

This type of thing made sense for a city but not for a border.

It made the others wonder whether or not the wall went around the whole continent line, and when they took over another Kingdom, did they extend it?

Looking at this alone made them release the strength of the Empire. They only had a single small city, and somehow they called it a Kingdom.

Looking at the Empire's border line, it was like an ant going up against a mammoth.

'So this is the place that tried to cause so much trouble, huh. Let's see if I can return the favour.' Ray thought as he started to move ahead, ready to cause some big trouble.

****

For artwork and updates on my novels, please follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 419 - No beasts
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As they approached the large wall that seemed to be gold in colour and went up ten meters high, the others couldn't help but feel like they were entering a city, rather than passing through a border. There were several guards posted on the wall as well through the gate where the path way led.

Looking to the left and the right, the wall carried on further than they could see, and the only way to enter and leave the continent was from the gate they were approaching now. There was a separate gate, a few hundred meters away that was for people exiting from the continent as well.

The guards standing outside, were wearing the usual flashy armour that the empire gave their troops. Most of their equipment was in a gold like finish, while the base of the chest piece and armor covering their legs was in a silver that was so shiny that one would be able to reflect themselves easily.

Reaching the gate, the guards approached the carriage and looked at it strangely a couple of times. By now, the group was used to this as every single city or town they had stopped by were greatly interested in the strange carriage. Because of how much attention it seemed to be bringing, Slyvia decided she would take a note and ask Randnin to build a couple before they sold the designs to each city telling them how to build their own.

But for now they would keep the designs to themselves.

Once the guard was finished being noisy about the carriage he turned his attention to the people.

"Papers please." The guard said, looking into the back of the carriage waiting for one of them to hand him something.

To get into the empire it was quite difficult. It wasn't like the other kingdoms where people who passed the borders would have to pay a tax. Instead all citizens of the empire who had an ID were allowed inside, or those issued with a special permit could enter as well.

Essentially this menat, at one point or another, every person that was in the empire had been vetted and checked.

Standing up, Slyvia went over and handed her the envelope that had the strange seal. Opening up its contents the knight started to see what was inside. An invitation letter with the official seal of the emperor.

"Let them in!" the man shouted, and the gate doors were raised while they continued onward in their journey.

The guard then walked over to the others and mumbled something to one of the others.

'Looks like they were right, they have come earlier than expected.' He said with a smile on his face.

It looked like because of the strict entrance and exit policies around the border, it would be impossible to make their early visit a secret one. When entering anyway, the site in front of them was unexpected. They thought that once passing the border perhaps their journey would consist of more fields and mountains for a while until they had eventually reached the empire.

Instead, they could immediately see settlements all over the place. There were people walking around, houses left and right, and pathways for the carriages and horses to explore and go around the city. Or in the distance, there could also be several different larger buildings, and one building that was larger than the others and seemed to be made completely out of gold.

"Reminiscent of all the old kingdoms they took over." Slyvia said. The other larger buildings were at one point castles and in the area around them, the people lived. Although the empire had a type of theme going around the place, it was still apparent with the bigger building how there were different structures.

Looking out, just like with the wall, there were more houses and places then they could see with their own eyes. "We will continue going down the pathway until we eventually reach the main city." Slyvia explained. "Then we need to check out the area, this will be a good chance for us to see just how much power the empire has, perhaps they are hiding something that could turn the tide of the fight they have with us."

"What, like a bigger army?" Kyle said. "Better equipment, more money, more land, more mages, and possibly hiding something. Remind me why we are in this war in the first place."

Hearing this, Martha lifted her foot and stomped hard down on top of his leg.

"Owwww!"

They knew that it wasn't entirely Ray's fault. They couldn't believe he would do this sort of thing on purpose, and they assumed they would do something like this, eventually. But just that Ray's reaction and what he had done to Blake had sped it up.

It looked like it was still quite a long ride before they had reached the main city. And the sights they continued to see had amazed them more and more. There were more than enough guards out on the street to protect them, and everyone looked kind of happy.

There had been many rumours stating that the people who were kept there would be kept there against their free will, having no choice but to do whatever the empire asked. But looking at the many happy faces they could see as they went through the streets, they couldn't believe what they had heard.

Another thing they noticed. Although it might have just been the path they had chosen, but they were also unable to spot any beggars on the street. Every city and town had its fair shares of beggars and especially in rich areas, as the beggars thought they were most likely to give money.

Looking around, it seemed like a nice area, but then they realised that the whole area was nice compared to most kingdoms, so it was hard to say if the town they were in was considered poor or not.

As they got closer to the city, they could tell that the buildings got fancier, and they also got larger. And before they knew it, they were in the city.

There were no additional checks apart from the initial one they had done at the border.

"You guys can go research and find whatever you need." Ray said. "You can even try to have some fun if you want."

"Wait!" Slyvia said. "Where are you going? Maybe we can help together."

"I promise I will send you a message when I'm done," and the next second he was already off and had blended in with the crowd of people. As much as he could blend in any way.

The reason why Ray wanted to split from the others was because one, he could tell someone was following them due to the dragon eyes. Ever since they had entered the border someone had been following them closely, but it was only one man. Splitting up would make them decide to put the manpower on who they were following and why.

The other reason was because Ray was planning to head into the evolution stage as quickly as he could. So what better way to see what beasts he could slay then heading to the public guildhall.

That too was a large church-like building that was easy for Ray to find, even if he had a bad sense of direction. Entering inside, there was the normal scene he was used to.

People drinking and cheering, while some were at the quests boards. This was where Ray wanted to be. He walked over to the bulletin board and started to scroll his eyes up and down.

"Not that one… Not that one… Why do all these quests sound like a pain." Ray said.

That's when he noticed that none of the quests had anything to do with killing beasts.

"Sir,." Ray called out to a man who stood by his side. "Are there any quests to defeat beasts on your side?"

"Oh, I guess you're not from around here or it's your first time here." The man replied. "You see, there is something called the free zone. This is from the east exit, which would be the other side of the front entrance most come in. This is called the Free zone."

"Here there is a wall, just like the one when you entered. They had built it behind the empire as well. However, no kingdom can get to this area without going through the empire. But if one was to go into the end-zone, there are many beasts behind it. If you really want an alternative to this, there is something you can do."

"What's that?" Ray replied.

"You can head to the arena. When clearing the place after the takeover of the old kingdoms before. They had tried to capture as many beasts, or at least chase them out of their new land as soon as possible. These beats are now used in the arena. You pick the level of beast you want to fight, and people bet on weather they think you will win or lose.

"You can continue to increase the level of beasts as well."

"Wow, that really is interesting." Ray said, with a thought in his mind.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 420 - A Grand stage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The others were not too worried about Ray, but they would not exactly say they completely trusted him either. Whatever the case was, they were sure he would at least message them if he got into serious trouble. Maybe… Well they hoped he would. Instead, they were now left with the job of trying to find a place they could sleep in the meantime.

The all kingdom tournament was still a good two weeks away. And officially the invitation for them to arrive was three days before, and then they would be staying directly in the empire's main building where the emperor himself lived. But before then they needed to find a good place to stay.

Ray, wishing to get stronger before the event, decided that he would go and check out the so called arena. It turned out that it would be the same arena that the all kingdom tournament would be taking place in as well. So it was not only a good chance for him to possibly get stronger, but also to look at the place he would be fighting at.

Walking through the streets, no one seemed to pay him any attention, but what he did notice was everyone's quality of life here seemed better in a way. Just like the city of Zrey, they had better buildings and houses. The people there were also more clothed and such. It made Ray wonder how they were able to treat so many people like so. How they were able to afford such things.

At least Zrey had the auction house and the werewolves bringing in income from outside places. Also, the population there was far smaller. Perhaps the empire was hiding something that they just didn't want people to see. Still, Ray didn't pay too much attention to this because at the end of the day these weren't his people to look after.

It didn't take long for Ray to spot the arena; he did not even need to ask for directions as it was as clear as day due to how big it was. It was around three times the size of the one at Avrion. Looking at it, one could tell that it seemed to have a slightly different aesthetic style altogether. Whereas the Avrion arena was quite smooth and rounded.

This had a style that seemed to fit the entire city. Made mostly of large columns and arching hallways. The architecture was detailed as there were patterns that had been carved by hand. Even with the help of werewolf and such, he couldn't imagine how long it would take.

Upon entering the reception area, there were several signs showing people where to go. And then there was a separate area where one could purchase different kinds of tickets. What surprised him more was that there also seemed to be advertis.e.m.e.nts for the all kingdom tournament there. A man standing at the entrance was handing out pieces of paper. When looking at it himself, Ray realised that it was an article on the all kingdom tournament coming up.

Telling people where to be and how much tickets would cost. They certainly did seem to be going all out for this event. Currently though, people could purchase tickets to watch the beast show that was taking place. Off on the opposite sides, there were even bets taking place as well. Then finally there was another area for people who wanted to register as contestants. This queue seemed to be completely empty right now.

Approaching the area, he saw that there was a single guard who looked very bored, as he wiggled his writing tool in his hand, and he was quite surprised to see someone new registering in a while.

"I would like to register for the… Beast hunt." Ray said as he looked at the sign that told him the name of the event.

"The next event is at two o'clock, there's someone participating at the moment so you will have to wait your turn. Just fill in this information for now, and we will use it to decide your betting odds over there." The man pointed at the betting booth.

Ray looked at the sheet and noticed it was asking him for several different things. First, it was asking him for his adventurer rank. He hadn't actually done much in terms of an adventurer in a long time, and he made the others in the group increase their rank instead. Right now he was only one rank above the lowest, which was an F rank making him an E.

After that, it asked him what level of equipment he would be using. Most of Ray's armour wasn't that great. His chest piece was at the advanced level, and his new gauntlets were at the king tier, but everything else was around the intermediate tier level.

"So are we able to choose what level of beasts we face in the arena?" Ray asked.

"You mean, you are entering and you don't even know what happens." The man sighed. At first the man was exited to find out a new confident young participant seemed to be entering the event but now his hopes were dashed. The man in front of him was simply a fool, he thought.

"Everyone starts off facing the same level beast, the lowest possible a basic tier beast. Although this beast can be different and won't be the same for every participant. From there it will keep on increasing up till the emperor level beast."

This was the first time Ray had heard the use of the emperor tier beast. Straight away, the idea of a strong battle ahead of him was coming into his head. It seemed like it was a good decision to go to the empire after all. Emperor tier was a level just above the king tier.

After the explanation was finished, Ray handed over the information back to the man. Whatever was filled in on the sheet would be used to base his betting statistics straight away. Now looking at the sheet, his face had completely dropped.

The main thing that stood out was the fact that Ray was only a Rank D adventurer, at best he could imagine Ray beating an intermediate tier beast.

Giving out a big sigh, he gave Ray a special pass that would be used to show he was a contestant.

"Just wait for your name to be called around two o'clock. You free to roam around the arena or even watch the current one going on now. The time of you event may be delayed depending on how well the current person is doing, but the time will never be earlier than two o'clock. So please if you can stay here that will be best. And I do encourage you to watch what a real fight would look like, maybe you can get some tips." The man said with a smile.

Ray had long grown tired and used to this that the words didn't even register. They simply bounced off him. However, he did decide that he would enter the arena stands and watch what was going on. There was nothing else for him to do In the meantime, anyway.

Once he had entered the stands, he was surprised with how full it was. The stands were around 70 percent full. According to the notice board, these types of events happened every single day, which was why Ray was surprised to see so many people. Especially when there wasn't a set schedule, and it relied on people like himself asking to fight.

What Ray didn't realise is when a participant was taking part in an event. The arena had promoters on the outside who would advertise the time and place. In the city there were enough people who would pass by and were interested in watching the fights. This would eventually get others to come as well.

Right now, looking down on the floor, it was made mostly of a hard orange type of material, in certain places one could even see it had been stained with blood.

Suddenly, a loud thump was heard, as a large ape-like creature with eight arms had fallen to the floor. A man stood on top of the ape with a sword held in his hand. Full of strange purple spiked beast gear and a helmet covering his head.

"Ladies and gentlemen, Roki has just defeated the Advance tier ape, he now must decide if he wishes to move on to the next tier beast! Please cheer as loud as you want if you want him to move onto the next stage of the event."

Of course, the reaction was as expected as the crowd went wild screaming on the top of their lungs for the next level beast. All Ray could do right now was watch in excitement for his turn on the stage.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 421 - Emporor Tier
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Up In the stand Ray had missed the current fight of the contestant that was taking part, he was too busy focusing on what was going on around him, but he knew the person in the arena currently was quite strong. He had defeated the advanced tier beats coming out with minimal damage, and now he was moving on to the king tier beasts next.

The stage was quickly being cleared as they removed the beast's body at the same time the crystal was harvested and carried off in a different direction. The prizes for the event were the crystal itself, as well as fame. As for all earnings and losses from the betting, it would only affect the actual arena and had nothing to do with the contestant.

This was good for Ray as he only wanted the beast crystal in the first place. Carefully waiting, Ray wondered what type of king tier beats would come out. Not all tiered best had the same strength and it would vary. On top of this, there would also be only so many times Ray could obtain a crystal from a beast before it no longer was stored in his system. This was why it was taking him so long to level up.

Not only did not every beast give him a crystal, but he also couldn't fight the same beast again and again.

The arena floor had not been cleared and Roki was ready once again. He looked at the crowd and took in all their cheers; this was what he loved. Then his eyes seemed to catch something that was a bit unusual. Out of everyone who was there, there was one person who stood there still with his arms folded.

He didn't move, and there was no reaction at all. He stood out with his red armour and black hair, but the intense look in his eyes was what had caught his attention.

'Is he a fighter as well?' Roki thought, but he didn't have much time to worry about that. For the king tier beast was ready to be unleashed. The beasts were held underground. Here all the different tired beasts would stay locked behind galthrium made cells. When one was to go out, the cell bars would lift up and the beast would be led by the scent of blood..

It knew where to go to get its next meal, heading straight for the arena. From the large exit, Roki looked carefully at what his opponent would be. His heart almost felt like it was about to come out from his mouth. The long sword in his hand was slightly shaking, but it wasn't from fear, it was from excitement.

Finally, out of the cell came a creature the same size as Noir came out. It was as big as a standard house and stood on its large two legs. It had spikes going down its spine that continued until it eventually reached its tail, which was its most prominent feature. The tail itself looked like a large blade. It had a sharp edge to it but was nearly as big as the main body of the creature itself.

"A non elemental ability then, but it looks like it's physically strong." Roki said looking at the beast.

Using its large snout it started to sniff the air, until it finally got onto a certain scent and roared loudly heading straight for Roki in the centre.

"Is its eyesight bad?" Roki thought, otherwise the beast should have spotted him straight away, but for some reason it was using its nose.

The two started to charge towards each other into the centre, but once the beast reached the halfway point, it did a spin swinging out its tail towards Roki. It was unexpected for Roki, and the attack was faster then he thought. He had fought against beasts with tails before but not one like this. It seemed as if the blade like tail was able to even cut through the wind resistance, making it go faster than any tail attack he had seen before.

The only thing he could do was block the attack, placing the sword by his side. As the tail whacked into his sword, the force was great, flinging his body into the side of the arena. A bang was heard and dust and rubble was thrown to the floor.

The crowd seeing this cheered, as they did not care for a winner or loser they were just being entertained right now. Quickly getting up from the floor, Roki spat out some blood that had entered his mouth, and moved in once again.

When they were close enough, the beast tried the same attack again, spinning it's tail. This time Roki was prepared and infused his Ki into the blade he tried to match the power and timing with the heavy tail. For a second it looked like it had worked as the tail was stopped when the two forces had collided.

But a few seconds later and the tail hit him once again and slammed him into the wall on the other side once again. It was clear if he was to go on like this he would lose, but making a quick recovery he picked himself up and charged forward again.

"Is he an idiot." Someone from the crowd said.

"Does he think he can win by doing the same thing again and again."

The beast spun again, throwing out its tail and now Roki lifting up his sword was prepared to attack the tail again.

"He has the timing right now." Ray mumbled.

At that point, the sword was swung downard hitting the tail at the right time , to throw it of course. As the tail slammed into the ground it managed to slice around a meter deep before it completely stopped. Jumping up on the tail, Roki ran upward and across its body until it eventually reached the head.

Using all his strength, Roki empowered his sword with Ki until it was even visible to those on the outside. A faint green aura could be seen surrounding the sword, and with a single swing, the beast head had flopped onto the floor and the beast fell shortly after.

The crowd cheered in response once again and started to chant for him to move onto the next stage. Roki looked up again but unlike the last fight he was quite injured this time. Although he didn't want to disappoint the people watching him, at the same time he wasn't a fool who would risk his life for others.

Placing his sword into the ground was him signaling he would not be going on to the next round. The others knew this as they had become a frequent watcher of Roki's matches. They were hoping for the first time they would see him move on to the Emperor stage but it looked like today would not be that day. They all started to m.o.a.n in disappointment and some of them started to leave the arena completely.

"Are you going to watch the next contestant?" One of the audience members asked.

"No, have you seed the odds they gave him for the advanced tier. Do you really just want to watch someone beat a basic and intermediate tier and then give up? That's so boring."

Many people had the same thought as the man currently speaking, which was why they had decided to leave even though there was a new contestant participating. Ray too had left the crowd as it would soon be his turn.

In the reception area, Ray was now sitting down on a wooden bench that had no back patiently. There were many people now in the reception trying to find out about the next participant. Some chose to stay while most of them left.

But then, Roki had also come out from the arena after having some of his wounds tended to and entered the reception. In a few seconds, he was completely swarmed by a crowd of people who wished to talk to him.

But he wasn't concerned about them, because while looking through the crowds of people he spotted one person sitting on the bench on his own, and it was the same person who didn't care back at the arena as well.

'Is he a contestant?' Roki thought, seeing how strangely he was acting, on top of the fact that he had beast gear all over him.

"Will the contestant known as Nes Delon please make their way to the arena floor now." The speaker announcement spoke.

Hearing this Ray stood up from his seat and headed off towards the arena, walking right past the crowd and Roki, not even looking at them, but Roki noticed that the strange man had a smile on his face.

"Perhaps I should stay and watch his fight?" Roki thought.

****

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 422 - The odds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Roki had finished dealing with the crowd of people in front of him, he decided to rush off onto the arena floor. He didn't know why, but something in his gut stomach was telling him that he should go check out this mysterious person. Once entering the stands, there were far fewer people than he had expected which he thought was a little strange.

Then on the opposite end of where he was standing a large black chalk board like thing looked to have a few numbers written down, and those were the odds for the next contestant. Seeing the numbers that were written down, he was quite taken aback.

'Was my instinct off this time?' Roki thought.

The odds weren't just bad, but they seemed to be extremely bad for any average contestant that would take part in an event like this. Now Roki understood why there were fewer people than usual. Even with new contestants, many would usually stay because they could watch an existing match or it was a chance for them to make some big money as well.

Roki himself had quickly changed out of the equipment he was wearing before. Not many knew what he actually looked like, underneath all his armour. He had a short grey beard that went around his mouth and short grey hair to go with it on top of his head. If others knew that he was quite the old middle aged man, they wouldn't believe how quick and fast he could move.

He decided to sit down in the area next to a wealthy looking large rounded belly man with an odd shaped hat that slanted off to the side. Living in the empire himself, he knew which ones were wealthy or not, but the dead giveaway. More than anything was the young man who was by his side, taking all his orders. A smaller scrawny looking man, still well dressed but clearly not as nice as the other.

"So I brought you the betting odds of the next contestant." The scrawny man said. "I also managed to get information of his adventurer rank and the equipment he would be using."

After having a look over at the details, the large bellied man laughed, and allowed his belly to jiggle up and down. "Ha, ha, ha, this is an easy one if I have ever seen it. We can make a killing with this fellow. Put the maximum amount available on him winning against the basic tier and the intermediate tier, then place a bet on him getting beaten by the advanced tier. That is, if he even decides to take on the advanced tier." The man said.

"What makes you think he will beat the intermediate tier?" The scrawny man asked. "It looks to me based on his adventurer rank he might struggle."

"You might be right." The large man said, "But the only reason I think he will succeed is due to his equipment. You can see it is a high tier, and that is probably why he decided to take part in the tournament in the first place. But he will quickly learn that good equipment can only take you so far."

Usually, although Roki would hate to admit it, he would have agreed with the large man. The empire was a rich place, so there were many who were able to afford high levels of equipment. They would often believe in this too much and often lose at a certain stage. But for some reason, Roki still couldn't shake the feeling, and the smile he had seen from earlier.

'This one is different.' He thought.

"Everyone, our next contestant Nes Delon, will now be trying the first stage."

The first stage was the basic tier beast, and it could really be anything. Standing in the centre of the field, Ray pulled out his black raven sword that was at the advanced tier level. Even though his gauntlets were a higher tier, he had chosen to practice his sword as much as possible and only use his fists when necessary.

The metal cage opened and a beast the same size as a lion came in. It was a strange plant looking type beast, but it clearly had a head. Around its neck it was decorated in what could only be described as petals. It was slow in movement as it had two thick legs. Its body was green in color and it seemed to have no eyes.

But that didn't matter, for when it opened its mouth a flying seed was shot out right at Ray. Choosing to do nothing, he allowed the seed to hit his chest armour and fall to the floor in place doing no viable damage. This was expected, Ray's chest piece was at the advanced tier. Two levels higher than the basic tier level. The plant thing stood no chance.

Walking over to the beast, Ray allowed the beast to continuously fire the seeds hitting his chest, then once in a while it would fire one toward his face. When this happened he would use the flat side of his sword to block it from hitting him as well.

Finally, when he was close enough, Ray threw a diagonal swing, killing the beast completely. The members of the crowd were pleased, as some of them had made some easy money. But there was a maximum bet that was able to be put on in the first stages of the event. This way the arena wasn't able to lose much.

They didn't really care about the results for these beginning stage events, this just allowed those that wanted to bet and have fun to do so. Most of the money was made on higher stages, where it was harder to tell who would win even with information.

Because Ray hadn't done much, it was hard for Roki to tell if the man he was watching was skilled. As a swordsman himself he would usually have some idea, but with the swing at the end, it was neither good nor bad. As if someone had received knight training from a young age, but would have never been called a prodigy.

The next beast was called out, and it looked like Ray would be dealing with mostly plant type beasts today. The beast that came out this time was slightly larger than the one before and even had similar skills. But just like it seemed to be a repeat of last time. Only this time, Ray didn't allow the larger seeds to hit his chest piece, and instead was striking them down as they came towards him, then when he had finally reached the intermediate tier beast he swung down his blade slicing it in half and killing it in one strike again.

This time, there were some people in the crowd that looked upset as they had expected him to lose at this stage. The large bellied man from before even had a slightly concerned look on his face. He had expected the current contestant to win; the problem was, he never expected it to go as easy as it had done.

Inside the arena, when they were getting ready for the third round, Ray was starting to understand some difficulties with no longer being able to use mana steal. Every bit of Ki he used would consume a certain amount of mana. The tough part of the event was fights were done one after another with hardly any rest time in between.

Before he could rely on mana steel to make up for whatever he used, but he would no longer be doing that. The third beast was an advanced tier beast that was a large snake looking creature, once again it was green in colour though and had the same flower pattern around its neck.

Unlike the two before it, though, it moved incredibly fast around the arena, firing the seeds out when it could. Not wanting to waste energy, Ray didn't try blocking these and started to use some of the black sash skills to dodge the attacks. Still due to how fast the attacks were Ki needed to be used when avoiding them as well, just not as much as if he was to take the attack head on.

His footwork had gotten back to what it once was, Sir K during his stay had given him a refresher course. Although he wasn't able to improve his skills, he was able for it to return to what it once was before he started to learn magic.

Slowly the two were moving around the field but the others watching, though all Ray was doing was dodging, he could never win like this. But then, there were a few that had realised what he had done. While dodging the snake's attacks, he moved in certain directions pushing the beast back towards one of the walls. Now that it was basically trapped with one more attack, instead of dodging, Ray used his blade to slice through the large seed that was the size of his head.

He leapt up to the head and used a large amount of KI to attack as he sliced back down, hitting the floor. The cut was a strong one, but it wasn't a clean one as the blade had only managed to cut through three quarters of the snake's neck and it was now rolling around on the floor spewing black blood, but a few seconds later and the beast had died.

This time unlike the time before, rather than m.o.a.ns, or a few cheerful faces. The crowd cheered. Perhaps they would have a new warrior in the arena that would be exciting for them to watch.

'Now let's see how you do against the king tier?' Roki thought.

***

For Novel updates and artwork, remember you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 423: An expelled legend
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The bored crowd had suddenly gained a great interest in the new contestant. Their interest was growing, and this meant that people were starting to fill in from outside the arena as well. Although it was still hard to get people to watch such a fight on short notice. ;

Of course, not everyone was happy, as there were those that were filled with anger at the results. ; ;

"What the hell are the workers doing?!" The large man shouted as he slammed his fist down on his thigh. "They cheated me, they must have given false information. How in the whole of Bronzeland is such a low rank adventurer able to defeat an advanced tier and now go up against a king tier?" ; ;

At this point the large man had a choice, he could bet with the mystery man winning his fight, or he could bet against him. After giving it a few seconds, he decided to put the remainder of his money he had with him that day against the man. For some reason he felt like the man inside the ring was partly to blame, and he would be more thrilled if he lost while gaining a big earning. ;

Inside the arena, Ray was waiting patiently for the king tier beast. The arena was already being cleared, but for some reason it was taking a while at least longer than the fights he had before. Although he didn't mind as it gave him a chance to rest and regain his stamina. ; ;

As for the reason why it was taking so long? It was because the organisers watching had an interesting idea. In all honesty, they had never expected this to happen either. Inside one of the watching booths, there was a man in strange, long robbed clothing. His hands and neck were filled with jewels and gold. ; ;

"Why don't we try and make this a little more fun." The man thought. "Get the recording crystals ready, and select king tier beast B as well." ;

After waiting a few moments, the galthrium bars started to rise from the arena floor, and Ray could hear the sound of heavy footsteps coming in the distance. Drawing his sword, he was ready. ; ;

'Remember what you promised yourself. Don't use your gauntlets or magic. Otherwise, you will never improve and get stronger!' Ray thought as he gripped the hilt of his black raven sword tightly. He knew it would be a tough battle though, even if he was skilful with the sword. For his weapon was at the advanced level while going up against a king tier. ; ;

Finally, the beast had come out from the bars and gave out a terrifying roar, as it started to sniff around the arena. Upon seeing the beast, the crowd cheered louder than ever and Roki, who was watching, had a smirk on his face, as he looked at the direction of the booth. ; ;

"You sly man." Roki said. ; ;

Along the edge of the arena, there were now several guards who stood holding a recording crystal in their hand. It would allow them to catch everything that was to happen in the current event. ; ;

When seeing the beast that had appeared, even Ray was happy. It was a dinosaur large beast that stood on its two back legs, but its main feature was its large tail that was bladed, as if it was a large sword. It was the same beast that Roki, the previous contestant, had fought before Ray had entered. ; ;

"Let's see how you do against this?" Roki thought while his heart continued to thump with excitement. ;

As soon as the beast got a whiff of the scent of the person in front of him, it immediately started charging in at Ray. As it got close, it suddenly stopped and swung its giant sword tail towards Ray. Using his black sash footwork, he was able to avoid the attack smoothly. ; ;

The crowd gasped as they saw the tail come towards him thinking he would be hit, but instead it looked like the tail simply passed through his body, but to those who were watching more carefully they could see, Ray had stepped back and moved forward just at the right time. ; ;

Although feeling no impact, the king tier beast suddenly stopped its tail and swung back again. At this point, Ray had moved in too close to the beast, expecting to deliver an attack of his own. He had expected that the beast's momentum was too great for it to suddenly stop like it had done and throw an attack from the other side. ; ;

Seeing the tail as it was, Ray decided to deflect the attack upward. As the giant tail came towards him, he managed to hit it at the right time, however, his blade was slightly tilted at the wrong angle for him to fully parry the tail away, and he was eventually pushed back by the force and was hit. ; ;

However, unlike Roki, while flying mid-air, Ray was able to recover, and he stabbed his sword in the ground as hard as he could. It was a clean cut, and he had stopped himself from being hit into the wall. ; ;

"What amazing strength and amazing body he has. The sudden stop in force for something like that should have dislocated his shoulder, or perhaps even ripped his entire arm off." Roki said. ; ;

Watching the contestant with the single parry of his blade, Roki felt a little strange. The Footwork before was perfect as he avoided the strike. As for the parry, it could be considered poor. The only reason it had some effect against the beast tail was due to the brute strength that was used. ; ;

What had happened was a simple mistake, something a master swordsman would not make having practised hundreds of thousands of times, at least not as bad as the person in front of him. ; ;

If the fight was to continue like this Roki felt like if the two of them were to get into a fight, he could easily out duel him. ;

As the fight was going on, the arena, from outside, started to broadcast the battle going on inside. While they had hecklers shouting out the event on the streets. ; ;

"Everyone, we have a new contestant by the name of Nes Dalon, facing off against a king tier beast. Come in, come in!" The man shouted as a projector of the fight was being displayed behind him. ; ;

Walking through the city, a certain person who was dressed in ragged robes with dead eyes looked defeated. He looked like he was a simple push away from everything disappearing, but the sudden mention of a name had perked his ears up. ; ;

"Nes? Damn that cursed name. Why is it so popular these days?" The person thought, as he turned his head to look at the projector, he could see a closeup of the person who was currently doing battle with the king tier beast. The camera was focused on his face, as he lifted himself from the ground and held the black raven sword in his hand. ; ;

For a second, the robed man rubbed his eyes a few times. He had seen this face before, although not exactly the same, it looked nearly the same as the person he knew, only a few years older. ; ;

"Is it you, but how, you were dead… I killed you." Walking towards the arena, the man needed to confirm it with his own eyes. For the person known as Nes had ruined his life. For once he was the great Tower master, Roy, a grand wielder in fire magic. ;

**** ;

If you wish to support the series you can do, by following my Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga ;

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 424: The next tier
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Using his sword to face off against the beast was a lot harder than Ray had initially thought. He had defeated many king tier beasts in the past, including the Minotaurs and the flaming lion. But with both of those, he relied on his Dragon skills rather than his own.

It was a bit of a wakeup call for Ray. If he had never been blessed with his old skills of the past, where would he be right now. Would he have been able to achieve as much as he did just as a regular human, like everyone else.

Thinking of these things just made Ray more determined in trying to defeat the beast in front of him. He needed to improve himself. The large tail swung towards him, and once again Ray tried to get the timing down and attempted to deflect the attack.

He managed, but it was only thanks to his strength that the blow hadn't hit him full on.

"Come on! Again!" Ray shouted at the beast.

Although his swordsmanship wasn't the best he knew enough to know that his timing and technique was off. Something he was doing wasn't right. So what better time than to practice right now.

The large beast no longer struck once while he was taking a break. It was now swinging its tail from side to side continuously. Doing everything it could to get rid of the little pest. However, Ray thought this was perfect, as he was able to practice his parrying again and again.

Still, once in a while Ray would mess up, and the large sword tail would completely hit him. Ray was able to cover most of the blow using the sword, but it was still a powerful strike that would fling his body from side to side.

"You damn, giant beast, if I was my past self I would have defeated you with a single swipe of my own tail!" It was clear that the situation was starting to annoy him.

Taking a deep breath, he calmed himself down, however, the beast wouldn't let up. This one seemed to have a true hatred for Ray and was more agile than the one that had gone up against Roki. For one second, it was in front of Ray and then the next; it was in the air.

With its large body it had jumped and head down with a forward flip, the momentum carried its speed greatly and its tail was now about to hammer down on Ray himself.

Looking at his sword, Ray felt that if he was to block the blow with just that, then it would surely break. This left him with no choice. With hardly any time to spare, Ray placed the sword in his mouth as a place-holder, something he hadn't done in a long time since he was younger.

"You said these were pretty much unbreakable right, then let's put it to the test." Ray said, as he lifted both his hands, and reinforced his legs with Ki as well. The whole weight of the tail now slammed into Ray.

The audience all gasped, as they thought the new hopeful contestant was done for. Yet, for some reason, it looked as if the giant beast had remained in the air for a second.

The attack had landed, but Ray's gauntlets managed to withstand the power of the beast. His two feet were sunken in the ground a little, but it didn't matter.

Eventually, the beasts could no longer remain in its position, and fell back down onto the ground.

"This doesn't count as me not using my sword, right?"

Although the beast wasn't hurt, it had fallen down and was on its back due to the hit being off balance when making the attack. Quickly, Ray took the sword out from his mouth. Using all the Ki he could possibly gather, he jumped in the air, doing a spin of his own adding momentum, and finally a strike was made towards the neck.

The sword at first seemed to struggle but Ray wouldn't let the fight continue, he couldn't he needed it to end then and there. Using all the Ki he could gather in his body, without relying on the mana steal. He was eventually able to cut through the beast's neck.

Its legs and arms soon stopped moving around as the beast was defeated. But it wasn't the only thing that was completely beat. As for Ray, who was now on the floor gasping for air, it had indeed been a long time.

He had used far too much Ki in his last attack, and his body needed to recover. The crowd cheered at the new contestant that was able to defeat a king tier beast. They hadn't seen many over the years, and now they knew of two people.

Although Ray seemed more troubled when going up against the beast, people knew that style made fights. There would often be some beasts that another would be able to deal with easily. Just because one person could beat a type of beast yet another couldn't, didn't mean they would win a one-on-one duel.

As for Ray though, he was upset about the results. In the end he felt like he had cheated himself, for he had used his gauntlets when fighting and not the sword.

[King tier crystal obtained 1]

At least there seemed to be some rewards that he had received for the whole thing. The reason why he had come to the arena in the first place was to gather king tier crystals for his evolution, and it seemed like it was working.

[Would you like to absorb the king tier crystal]

[Yes]

[8/100 king tier points received]

Absorbing the crystal, allowed for Ray to gain his lost stamina, his body started to almost instantly feel better. He knew this was the effect of absorbing the crystals and now if he wanted to, he was ready to fight again.

A few seconds had passed and now the crowd was chanting something else. They continued to shout out the next tier beast.

"Emperor, Emperor, Emperor."

"Let's see, will you try to go past me? Roki said in excitement!"

*****

For updates and artwork, please follow my Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 425: Broadcasted to the city
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Ray had gone off to do his own thing, Slyvia and the others were busy looking for a place to stay. The empire offers free accommodation to all the guests, but due to them coming a little earlier, there was no such thing for them at the moment.

The group had been walking around for a while after putting their carriage away, knowing full well it would bring them too much attention. When they had pulled up in it, people were already starting to ask questions.

Now walking on foot, the city felt far larger than it did before, and they were in the main area. There was still the outer part of the cities as well.

"Come on!" Kyle complained. "That's like the fifth inn we have walked past already are we ever going to stop."

Usually, the others would tell Kyle off for his remarks, but honestly, both Martha and Harry felt the same way. Although they didn't do much, travelling in general was exhausting and they didn't understand why they needed to stop at a specific inn.

"Alright, this one!" Slyvia said. She had been staring at the inn markings for a while and finally found what she was looking for, a wolf with a scar above its right eye.

After entering the inn, the others were just happy that they would finally get some rest. They would want to have a good sleep before doing more exploring. They already felt like they had been walking for two hours.

The others decided to sit at a table, and ordered some food, grabbing a quick bite to eat. While Slyvia went to the counter to grab everyone's keys. The others started to wonder why she had selected this inn in particular. It looked no different to the others.

But there was a reason, for their group wasn't the only one to arrive early to the event. For later on in the day, she was to meet her brother. He had made it clear to select this inn in particular, giving her instructions beforehand.

'I hope everything is okay?' Slyvia thought. 'Judging by the contents of the letter he sent, it sounded like something quite urgent was going on.'

After paying for the rooms and grabbing the keys, she went to sit down and join the others at the table. In truth, she felt a little sad. She thought maybe on this trip she would have been able to spend some time with Ray, and the first thing he had done was rush off like that.

If it was going to be like this, then it would just be the same as when she was in the city. With Ray dropping by for a few moments before he wondered out again.

"I wish things were like they were back at the academy." Sylvia mumbled, and Martha had managed to catch what had been said.

"Don't worry about him too much." Martha replied. "I think once this is all over, you two will have all the time to spend in the world together." Delivering a wink at the end.

For some reason, Sylvia always felt awkward when talking about her love life, or at least feelings concerning Ray. Here she was complaining that she didn't get to spend time with him, when Martha couldn't even see her apparent boyfriend.

'You are a strong girl.' Slyvia thought.

The food and a few drinks had arrived on the table however Kyle's attention was more focused on something else. The empire seemed to have some things inside the inns that he had never seen before.

Up on the ceiling were quite large black rectangles. There wasn't just one however, there were several that were placed all across the ceiling in odd locations, allowing a person to see one from any angle.

"Excuse me?" Kyle said as he called over one of the pretty ladies that was serving them. "Do you mind telling me what those are?"

"I guess you guys aren't from around here, are you?" The server replied. "We call them picture shows. All the taverns and inns have them, and even some of the richer nobles. Whenever there is a big event going on all of the Picture shows will display them."

It sounded quite interesting, but the technology just seemed to advance for Kyle to get his head around and the server could see this.

"Dom, turn on the picture show!" She shouted.

From behind the counter, Dom lifted up a smaller square rectangle that fitted into the palm of his hand, and when pressing a button, the black square device came on showing various colours. Now the others understood why it was called a picture show.

At first they were impressed by all the movements, but after a few seconds of looking their mouths were left hanging wide open at what they could see.

"Is that Ray!" Sylvia shouted, and her head had already gone red with anger.

Right now, being displayed was Ray in the fighting areas, and it looked like he was facing off against some giant beast. The others watched carefully and they couldn't believe it. When he said he was going to do something, they never thought he would be doing something like this.

After watching him for a while, it looked as if he had defeated the beast, and now they were busy asking him if he would move onto the next round to take on the emperor tier beast.

Standing in the arena, Ray was debating a little bit of what to do. The king tier beast proved more of a challenge to him than he had thought. It wasn't that he didn't think he could face off against an emperor tier. The problem was he knew he wouldn't be able to defeat one just using his gauntlets and sword. He would have to go all out using his magic abilities.

Still, he could always see what the emperor tier beast looked like and try to fight it for experience dropping it out halfway. Just as Ray was in the middle of debating what to do, a screen appeared in front of him and it was a message from Sylvia.

"Ray, what on earth do you think you are doing? Your match is being broadcasted to the whole city. Stop right now and get back here this instant. If people know who you are before the match, or if the empire knows you are here. This is meant to be a discreet operation. Discreet, I know you may have trouble understanding that, but this is serious…."

"Look, I know you are free to do what you want to do, you always have been that way and will carry on to be. That's what I li… li… That's what is great about you, but please consider my advice. Leave the area now and come to this location. Look for the Blue wolf Inn. It should have the marking of a wolf with a blue scarf around its neck, and a cut going through its right eye. Please listen to me."

It was quite a large message and seemed to be an emotional one as well. Ray wasn't that content on fighting the next beast anyway, and the message had managed to convince him. He gave a quick wave showing that he would not be taking on the next tier beast and the crowd sighed in disappointment.

However, it was expected after seeing how difficult it was for him to take on the king tier beast. Not many expect him to go to the next stage.

"I guess you aren't a complete fool." Rookie thought, perhaps we shall see each other again.

With the event over, it was time for the arena to call it a day. There were no more scheduled participants and anyone who did want to take part would have to register for tomorrow. As Ray made his way down to the reception area, he was stopped by one of the workers just outside the arena exit.

"Were sorry sir, but we can't seem to find the beast crystal inside the beast that you killed. This is the first time something like this has happened." The staff seemed to be very polite and apologetic about this matter. Of course, Ray knew where the crystal was, it had already been consumed by him, so there wouldn't be a beast crystal inside.

"Usually, the participants would take the crystals from the beast they have killed, but because we were unable to find one form the king tier beast, and you have put on quite a show for us, we have decided to give you one as a gift. It will be waiting for you at the reception area."

This was a surprise Ray wasn't quite expecting. Entering the reception area, there were many people leaving. What Ray didn't notice was that there was a certain individual watching him closer than others.

"Is it really you." Roy thought. "I have to find out."

Carefully tracking Ray's every move, Roy wasn't going to let him out of his sight.

*****

For updates and artwork, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 426: Return of the black liquid
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once Ray had entered the reception area, he was charted off to the side by one of the arena staff to a separate section. There were a few guards placed around him and they took him to the corner of the room where he could sit down while they were to get him the crystal they had promised.

While waiting, there were many who were leaving the arena that had spotted Ray in the corner. Now it made sense why they had implemented the guards there in the first place.

"Hey that's him right, that new guy." One of the crowd members said.

"Good job today, I hope we can see you fighting again."

"Yeah, maybe you can take on the emperor tier beast sometime. No one has been able to beat it yet. I think Roki was the closest."

As the crowd left the arena, nearly all of them had nothing but words of praise for Ray, and eventually the place was silent. That's when he finally saw an older looking man enter the reception area and head off to the registration area.

With his good hearing, Ray was able to hear everything that was being said. Now the room was far quieter than before.

"I would like to register again for tomorrow as usual, please." The older gentleman said.

"Of course." The man replied, as he was put into the event that would go on tomorrow. Before leaving, the man decided to walk over to Ray and looked over at him.

"I hope I can see you fight again tomorrow." The man said. "Let's see who can beast the emperor tier beast first."

As the old man walked away, Ray noticed the armour he was wearing, it was the same armour as the contestant who had entered before him.

'Roki was his name, if I'm not mistaken.' Ray thought. 'He was quite skilful with the sword. At least more skilful than me, but I don't believe he will be ready for the emperor tier just yet.'

Thinking back to what just happened, it looked as if the event for fighting beasts was on every day, until the all kingdom tournament. Maybe a bit of competition was what he needed, and it would be good to put himself up for registration again. After all, the main reason he had done this was so he could evolve using the king tier crystals.

What better way to hunt for king tier beasts than this. They were practically being given to him.

After a while, the man had returned with a crystal in hand. It was clear in colour showing the quality of the crystal itself.

"Thank you." Ray said as he grabbed the crystal and continued to hold it in his hand. Usually he would have put it in his system storage, but the person in front was looking at him, so he couldn't do it now, so it just felt a little awkward as the man was waiting for him to do something with the crystal.

Ignoring the man's strange looks, with the crystal still in his hand, Ray walked over confidently to the registration area he had gone through this morning. It was the same person who was there as before.

"Oh, you!" The man said excitedly. "Are you here to register for tomorrow as well?" The tone of the man this time was complexity different to before.

"Yes."

From now on, Ray would be able to use his event to not only get king tier beast crystals but also to improve his swordsmanship skills in time for the event. However, he would have to be careful from now on. If he was to kill a beast, he would need to make it apparent that he had obtained the crystal inside before the organisers.

They were friendly enough this time to give him a king tier crystal, but if it happened more, then once they would know something was up.

After registering for the event tomorrow, Ray had left the arena to go look for the Inn that Slyvia had asked him to go to, but back at the arena, news of the new contestant registering again was spread.

The organiser slash owner of the arena had been informed and a large smirk appeared on his face. "Who would have thought something so interesting would occur before the event. Make sure tomorrow that both Roki and this new character face the same beasts. Try to convince him to carry on registering day after day, and we will continue to build up this fierce competition between the two."

"Also, were you able to record everything in today's fight?"

"Yes, sir."

"Good, then broadcast both his and Roki match with the king tier beast today side by side. Show the highlights of the event. I want this arena filled tomorrow."

While walking outside and trying to locate the Inn. Ray noticed some strange reactions from the people outside that he wasn't getting before. There were quite a few that would point at him, then whisper to each other.

From time to time, some would praise him on his good job with slaying the beast. Ray assumed that those people that did had watched the fight in the arena.

Still, he realised that he was getting far more attention than when he had red hair. Finally he had found the inn and entered, and when he did, the reaction from inside was no different from outside. As people including the workers, quickly whispered while looking at him from the corner of their eyes.

"Just what is going on?" Ray thought.

"Over here." A familiar voice shouted, and that's when Ray spotted Kyle, who looked to be sitting opposite a girl. It was only him though, and there was no sign of the others.

"Come on, take a seat." Kyle said, as he passed Ray one of his drinks on the table. The girl who was sitting opposite Kyle, too couldn't stop looking at Ray and her face started to get a little red. Sure Ray was handsome, but that wasn't the main reason, she felt like she was sat opposite a superstar.

"Psh, why the hell did I invite you over?" Kyle said. "You're the worst wingman ever, you would just steal all the girls away from me."

"Sir, are you the man from the Picture Show, I saw your fight, and it was very impressive." She said.

Not knowing what was going on, Ray had a confused look on his face and it was Kyle's job to fill him in on the details.

After explaining that Ray's match was broadcasted to the whole empire, he now understood why so many people were looking at him.

"So where are the others?" Ray asked.

"Most of them have gone to sleep, as for Slyvia." Kyle said as he took a big sip from his beer. "I would stay clear from her for a while. She stormed off, after watching your fight for the third time in a fit of rage."

Kyle took another big sip from his beer, while looking out from the corner of his eye and placed it down. "Also, I don't know if you noticed, but you're being followed."

Although Kyle and the others thought Slyvia had stormed off in a fit of rage that was only partially true. The real reason she had left was because she was to meet up with someone. She stood waiting behind the tavern down a dark alleyway. She herself was wearing a hood that hid her face.

Finally, from the shadows another person appeared. "It's been a long time sister."

"It sure has Mathew." Mathew was the Slyvia's eldest brother and was a general in the Allure kingdom army. He had been asked by the queen to escort their contender, and that was the reason for him being in the empire.

However, both he and his sister would frequently contact each other, updating them on what was happening, and eventually that led to the meeting here and now. "I would love to catch up and ask how you are doing, but just seeing you are here well and healthy and as beautiful as ever, I can tell you are doing good little sister.

"Perhaps I was wrong about Ray, and he certainly would make a good husband for you in the future…Who would have thought that our little sister could possibly become a queen."

Hearing all these remarks was causing Slyvia's cheeks to flush with embarrassment. Her brothers had always been teasers, but not Mathew. He was quite serious when speaking to her, so it seemed to have a worse effect by the fact that he was the one that was joking about.

"That's enough of that now." Said Mathew. "You are a clever girl, so I'm sure you have already noticed that this city is unlike others. I am not only here as an escort but also under a strict investigation and I'm here to talk about this."

In his hand, Mathew had a small little test tube of black liquid that looked to be moving about alive. Slyvia had seen this liquid once before, and it was last used at the tournament at Avrion.

"This liquid is being traded here in the empire."

*****

For updates and artwork, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 427: Ray True form
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seeing the black liquid infront of her had brought back bad memories, not just any memories but painful memories. The last time it was scene was during the Avrion tournament when the dark guild had used it to turn the students into some type of mindless zombies.

In the end, Slyvia's brother Mathew managed to save most of them by using his water magic to extract the liquid out of them, but still many had died that day and they had taken a big hit.

"As I said, I'm sure you have noticed that the empire seems just a little too perfect. In such a wealthy establishment there woudl usually be a divide of the wealthy and th not, but here I can see no such thing. At first it seems like some type of Utopia but when digging into things it docent appear to be the case at all.

"Not too far form the empire from time to time, we would pick up people who were infected with this exact stuff. Leads went form one to another which eventually led us to this place." Mathew explained.

"Now, I'm not asking for your help or anything like that, but I just don't want a repeat of what happened at Avrion to happen here. We are still unsure if it has anything to do with the emperor himself, or if its just someone who is hiding in the empire. It's best if we keep this meeting as short as possible, and all I will say is stay safe, stay aware and be prepared for anything. If possible never travel alone or in pairs."

With the quick message delivered, as Mthew said there was no time for catching up, as he had already walked off without giving his sister a proper goodbye.

"What timing for all this to happen, is it seprate movements moving, or is this the Shadow plague doing. Perhaps this is their plan all along. The empire is located below the kingdoms, and the shadow continent above. If they take over the empire, then all of the kingdoms, including the red wing kingdom will be surrounded and crushed.

"If it turns out that the empire isn't working with the shadow and if they can't beat it, then we might have to give a helping hand to our enemy."

With all these thought in her head, Slyvia made her way and started to head back into the in.

Meanwhile, the pretty lady who was at the table continued to chat away with Kyle. Originally she was interested in Ray when he had appeared, but that interest had quickly disappeared when she realised it was almost impossible to talk to him.

With every question that would be asked, Ray would reply with one word answers, and eventually she grew tired of this thinking nothing else was progressing.

"Well, why don't you go up ahead and enter your room Ray. " Kyle said as he pulled out a key with a wooden tag on it, and handed it over to Ray.

The wooden tag had a number on it, showing which room he would be staying at. "I'll stay here for a little while longer and see if anything happnes." Kyle said with a wink.

The reason for Kyle doing this, was to see if the person who had entered in after ray was truly following him or just giving him strange looks for some reason. After all ray had become a type of celebrity overnight, so maybe someone was just fascinated with him.

As Ray went to the staircase to go up to his room, a large man was stood by the stairwell, and he would take a look at the key before allowing one to go up. After passing the man, Ray continued onward to his room.

Then, after a few seconds, the person who had entered with Ray tried to follow in after.

"I guess he really is being folowed, but who is this guy?" Kyle thought having never seen him before.

When Roy approached the staircase, the large man blocked his path and held out his hand.

"Room key." The man asked.

"Oh, I'm with the gentleman that went up earlier, do you mind letting me past." Roy tried to ask.

The large man looked at Roy up and down, and could see that his clothes had holes, was ripped partly here and there. 'Probaly just a bum trying to get in for free.'

"Sorry, no room key, no entrance, even if there are multiple occupants per room, we comply and give each guest their own key."

Scornign at the man, Roy wished he could just burn him here and then, but he knew better when he was in a kingdom like this. So instead he decided to head to the counter.

"Excuse me, I would like a room for the night." Roy asked.

"Sure, that will be two silvers." The person asked.

Two silvers for a room was a lot to ask, but it seemed like everything in the empire was more expensive compared to the other kingdoms. Fishing through his pockets, Roy eventually brought out some coins, and when he opened his plan, all that could be seen was five bronze coins.

The person looked at Roy for a second, before calling the guard over and a few seconds, later. Roy was seen flying through the front door and being thrown out on the street.

"Maybe, we don't have to worry so much about him after all." Kyle thought. "Now Ray, for what I have done for you tonight, you can that me later."

Entering the room, Ray could see that everything was quite well made. Although the rooms were expensive, they were certainly worth the price that one would pay for them. The floor was made out of marble, there was a luxurious bathtub and two beds that were perfectly made.

Ray was tired after fighting for most of the day, and he decided that now he was in his own room, he was free to take of his beast gear, placing it back into his diminesninal space.

Taking off his top, he wished to change into something more comfy, and when looking at himself in the mirror he could see he was still disguised as Nes.

Still tired form everything, eh decided to cancel the transformation and for a while just be himself. His black hair started to turn red, and the scales on his arm, including the little patches could be seen.

This was his current true form that he hadn't see in a while. "Will I ever turn back into a dragon."

"Ray!" Slyvia said, having opened the door, and she couldn't keep her eyes off of Ray's body. For more reaosons then one.

****

For Updates and MDS artwork, feel free to follow me on instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 428: My name is not Ray...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Moments before Ray had entered the inn, the group was still together. Slyvia had split from the rest saying she had something important to do at this point, and then she had gone off to see her brother. Before leaving though, she had handed the inn room keys to Kyle in a rush.

Martha, Harry, and Kyle were sitting still at their table and Kyle had spread out the three keys that had been given to him.

"I'm assuming it's two per room," Martha said. "So one of us gets a room to ourselves then?"

"Well, I think it's pretty obvious, right?" Harry replied. "Martha and Slyvia share a room, and then me and Kyle for the other one, leaving Ray with the room to himself."

"Pft, you guys are so boring," Kyle complained. "Besides, why should Ray get the room to himself?"

The others didn't even bother to reply to Kyle's remark, as they felt it was pretty obvious as to why Ray should have been given the single room. After all, technically he was their king and leader.

"Here is my suggestion, Martha and Harry in one room, me in the single room to have some fun, and that leaves both Ray and Slyvia in the last room together," Kyle suggested.

Hearing about Kyle's sly plan, for once Martha didn't disagree, and she had a smile on her face. "You sly dog, Kyle. You're a genius. I'm tired of those two tip toeing around each other, maybe a night together is exactly what they need."

And all of that was what had led to this exact scenario that Slyvia was in now. She had opened the door and the first thing that came into view was Ray's bare upper naked body. Her eyes were first focused on his chizled abs that looked as if they had been carved from a rock.

"I'm so sorry!" She cried as she quickly shut the door.

Her face had gotten hotter than it had ever been before, she was so embarrassed and drained by what had just happened, she leaned her back against the door and slid down it until she was on the floor with her two hands covering her face.

'That was Ray's, Ray's body.' She thought. When closing her eyes, the image of his body had appeared in her head once again. First, the hard muscle abs came into vision, but then when her mind started to slowly forget about the abs, a clearer whole picture started to come into view.

'What was on his arms, and his face… what was that?' The image started to become clearer in her mind, and she was sure there was something different about Ray. From his hand up to his forearm, they were covered in a red scale like material, and on top of them were small protrusions like fins.

Then, even Ray's face had scales going down the side. Although she was initially distracted by something else, she was sure she wasn't wrong about what she had seen.

Ray had always been one to hide things. He could do amazing things that the others had never heard of before, and so far Slyvia had laid off asking him why. She had her own reasoning as to why Ray was able to do these things, because he was the chosen one, picked by the Divine being. Perhaps they had even given him a blessing.

But, now that she had seen his form, it reminded her of what Martha and the others looked like when they had gone through the beasting process, but Ray hadn't done any such thing, or at least not anything that she was aware of.

After shaking off the lewd thoughts she had in her head, she waited a while before proceeding to knock again.

*Knock *Knock

"Come in," Ray said.

Opening the door, Ray was now fully clothed in something more relaxing. It was a short-sleeve shirt and shorts. A thin cloth material meant for sleeping. His arms were fully showing and Slyvia couldn't help but look at them and as she did, she noticed they were completely bare. Normal skin, no scales, nothing.

However, she was sure she hadn't made a mistake. She wouldn't be so fooled as she knew Ray was able to alter his entire appearance. Just altering his arms would be easy work for someone like him.

Ray too, wasn't oblivious to the constant stairs that Slyvia was giving him as she continued to look at his arms. He had let his guard down for a single second, and for the first time, he had been caught.

'Should I tell her the truth?' Ray thought. "She has always been supportive.'

The last person who had seen Ray's real body was Gary, and he had a more than accepting approach to Ray's form, but he hadn't even told him the complete truth. Deep down in his heart, Ray didn't know why, but he just couldn't bring himself to tell anyone of his past.

'Was he was ashamed of it? What did he care about what people thought of him? Or when did he start to care about what people thought about him?' These mixed feelings were beginning to frustrate him, and he felt like he needed to make a decision.

"Ray, those scales on your arms, and the fins as well as the scales on your face. I didn't imagine it, did I?" Slyvia asked. "It's okay if you don't want to tell me. I agreed to help you and follow you no matter what, but please. I want to know everything about you." As she said this, she lifted her hand and brought it closer to Ray's, stroking him on his forearm seeing if she could feel anything, but nothing was felt.

Then a few seconds later, she pulled her hand away after realizing what she was doing.

"The truth is… I also went through the beasting process like the others. I just didn't want to tell anyone. I and Lenny did it in secret in preparations for this tournament."

It was a logical explanation, and Slyvia decided to head to her bed without saying anything. Ray didn't know why, but she seemed a little annoyed. She covered herself in the bedsheets and turned off the lamp by her side.

Ray was complexity confused by the actions that had just occurred, and everything had happened so fast like a storm.

"Ray, we have known each other for so long." She said. "It's fine if you don't want to tell me, but what I didn't expect was for you to lie to my face like that. Goodnight."

The two of them sat in darkness and Ray was still confused about what he had just done. He didn't really understand humans that much and women just seemed to be a little more confusing to him.

However, what he did know was Slyvia's words had stung and hit him hard. So he decided to eventually sit on the edge of her bed.

"Your right," Ray said. "If you want the truth, then I will tell you the truth. My real name is not Ray. It's Sen. You may have heard about me before, but I am the great red dragon that used to cause fear and destruction on this land."

*****

For Updates and MDS artwork, feel free to follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 429: A lie or the truth?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Finally, Ray had done it. He had told someone about who he really was. The feeling he was feeling right now was hard for him to describe. This deep dark secret that he had kept with him this whole time, it had been released and suddenly, a hidden weight was lifted off of his shoulders.

It was a good feeling, and Ray honestly didn't know why he hadn't done so sooner. It felt so good that Ray had decided that he would continue to tell Slyvia about everything.

"When my death came along as the Great Red Dragon Sen, I was reincarnated into a weak and pathetic human body.?I was blessed with two wonderful parents, but to me they were complete strangers. As time went on, I eventually learned that I was still able to use my dragon abilities. But I was still stuck in this body."

"Right now I'm on a quest to get my body back, to return to what I once was. What I didn't realize though, was since my death and my reincarnation into a human, that the world had vastly changed and there was a new threat called the Shadow."

Ray decided to stop there, any other details about himself could be filled in and if he gave too much, it would perhaps be too much for one to handle. He would need to see their initial reaction first before he went further into talking about the Divine being and so on.

Slyvia had lifted herself from the bed, was still partly covered in the bedsheets, her face was looking towards the bed and she still hadn't made eye contact. Her body was slightly shivering still. It couldn't have been due to the temperature of the room, Ray thought. It was fine even without the sheets, which meant only one thing. She was reacting to what he had said.

"If you no longer wish to follow me, I complete unders…"

Before Ray could finish his sentence, the bedsheet was thrown over his face. Slyvia then quickly got both the ends, and proceeded to tie him up, before getting up and heading to the door.

"You little boy Ray, Reincarnated into a human? I thought you were better than that!" She shouted. "I told you to not lie to me and then you come up with an even bigger lie!" The door was slammed so hard that the vibrations could be felt even on the bed.

Ripping through the sheets, Ray could see she really had left the room.

"She didn't believe me?"?The good feelings and weight that he felt lifted off him just moments ago, was suddenly put back on 'I guess that's quite the normal reaction huh, too unbelievable even after everything that has happened.'

Slyvia, continued to storm out of the room and went next door giving a loud knock before entering. As she entered, both Harry and Martha were seen together standing with a worried look on their faces.

"What's with you two?" Slyvia spoke seeing the look on their faces.

"Well, I'm not going to lie to you, Sylvia, but we heard you shouting. I think the whole Inn heard you shouting.??? Martha replied. "What happened?"

Slyvia went towards Harry's bed. She could tell which one was his, due to the weapons that were packed near the side. She proceeded to jump on the bed while in her sour mood.

"You can go stay with Ray, I'm not going to sleep in the same room as that guy…"

Slyvia went into details of her conversation with Ray, telling them everything. She didn't talk about the appearance she had seen, because that felt a little too personal, and whenever she would think back to the image, her face would get flustered.

Instead, she said she was curious about Ray's power and asked about that, and then told them this reply about claiming to be the great red dragon Sen. After she was done complaining, Slyvia nearly went straight to sleep.

It was the only thing that would calm her down. Harry left the room and went to sleep with Ray, and Martha was left to think about what she had just heard.

Although the idea did seem far-fetched and crazy, she started to wonder if it was true. She remembered so many things that didn't add up. Ray knowing the great Wyvern and it was even heeding to its command. How when he was cut, he had black blood oozing from him, and calming to have gone through the beasting process before them even though he sounded just as surprised to learn of the beasting process as everyone else.

If you looked at it, the story did make sense. Ray had red hair and knew the Divine being. Dragons in a way were considered myths that were as strong as gods. How else would Ray be so close with the divine being? And on top of all that there was the very last thing. The crest that every member of the red wings had.

It was a red dragon, even the name of the organization. If Ray wasn't the red Dragon Sen, then he was someone who was obsessed with it.

The next day had arrived, and a note was left for the boys to read. Apparently, both Martha and Slyvia had gone out together, and she decided to do some exploring without them. The truth was, Sylvia was going to try to help out her brother in this short amount of time, and see if there was anything she could find out about the black liquid. Originally she wanted to go as a group, but she still didn't want to look at Ray.

The boys were free to do what they wanted but were left with a single task.

To watch over Ray and make sure he didn't do anything crazy. Right now, both Kyle and Harry had read the note, which was put underneath their room doors.

However, as Harry looked around the room there was no sight of Ray at all.

"Why would you give me such an impossible task. How am I meant to control that monster." Harry thought.

*****

For Updates and MDS artwork, feel free to follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 430: The poor man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Going out from the Tavern, the two girls were wondering where they would set off to. Slyvia's goal was to find out more information on the black liquid. Her brother had somehow managed to link the black liquid from the shadow with the empire, or at least he had found proof that it was being traded here in the empire.

There was no way that if she asked her brother to tell her where he had found it, he would tell her. To put it simply, they just wouldn't want her to get involved. But Slyvia felt like she had to. This matter was perhaps bigger than her brother had realized. If the empire was working with the shadow or it got taken over, then they were all doomed.

From leaving the Inn they decided to go in a random direction and start asking questions around the city, but that didn't seem to be of much help. They went down street after street and saw shops after shops, but it was hard trying to get a direct answer from anybody.

In the end, it looked and felt as if the two girls were wasting their time. Perhaps it would have been better spent researching Ray's opponents for the tournament.

"This liquid, if it's here it means it's being used somewhere, right?" Martha asked." Remember that liquid turned the students into mindless zombies. If they're testing it out, they can't exactly do it in the open, and who would be crazy enough to try it for free?"

"That's the problem," Slyvia replied. "It seems weird that the liquid was even being traded here in the first place. What need would they have, the empire is one of the strongest forces, stronger than any of the other kingdoms? Why would it need to rely on help with the shadow?"

"The city is so nice here, there isn't a single person that looks unhappy, so who would be desperate enough to turn to the shadow for help?"

That was when the two girls spotted someone walking down one of the streets in a full set of ragged clothing. They both spotted it straight away, and they weren't the only ones in the street looking at the person. It stood out, for it was the first person they had both seen that was dressed like this.

"Damn that Nes. I waited all morning for him to leave the Inn, and then I fell asleep outside!" Roy complained. "This is all his fault. Why did this have to happen to me?"

The person who everyone was staring at and waddling down the street was Roy. After not having enough money to enter the Inn. Roy quickly realized he didn't have enough money to enter any Inn. With his skills he thought it would be easy for him to get work at the empire, but while he was asleep in the forest one day, someone had stolen all of his belongings and clothing.

He was left to do odd jobs to get him to buy stuff, and he had bought the basics of basics. Every job he went for in the empire they had turned him down at the doorstep. It seemed like one's appearance was a big deal here.

If he could, Roy would have left the empire long ago and gone to a different kingdom. The problem was how large and vast the empire was. To leave he would have to earn coin for that, and whatever little coin he did earn, he needed to spend on food.

Right now, he was in a vicious cycle that he couldn't get out of. Seeing Nes fighting had brought back memories for him. Everything was his fault, and he was sure that the two people one and the same.

He had always thought it was strange that the student had died from his fire attack that day. He was careful to measure the student's power with his own. Sure that it wouldn't kill the student. Yet somehow he had just disappeared, vanished, not even a body left behind. The more he thought about the more stupid he felt with himself and Roland academy for being fooled so easily.

His belly was rumbling with pain, and he hardly had any energy left. If he was to get into a scrap or a fight now, he wasn't even sure he would be able to perform at his full capabilities. Not to mention he had spent the money on mostly booze rather than food.

Without realizing it, Martha could see that the two of them had been following the poor man for a while.

"What are we doing, why are we following him? Did you spot something?" Martha asked.

"Kinda," Slyvia replied. "Remember what we said earlier right, who would be desperate enough to do such a thing and be tempted by the shadow. Well, I think we have found your answer. Isn't it strange that there are no poor people? Perhaps that's because these are the very people they are targeting. Getting rid of two birds with one stone."

Martha couldn't disagree with Slyvia's reasoning. She was always a smart girl when it came to things like these, and they had no other leads, so what better thing could they do but watch a fool stumble around.

And after following Roy for around thirty minutes more, it looked like they were onto something, as they weren't the only ones that were following him now. Two hooded men, one large and one small, were now closely following Roy behind as well.

Everywhere he stopped, they would stop near as well. They weren't exactly being discreet about it, but Slyvia supposed they never expected trained knights to be following the same person like them in the first place.

Eventually though, Roy suddenly took a turn into an alleyway that was between a few stalls. It was a strange act, but perhaps he just wanted somewhere to lie down for a while. The two hooded men looked at each other briefly before deciding to go in after him.

"What sort of thing did I do to have the pleasure of two fine gentlemen like yourselves following me around?" Roy asked.

"We thought you caught on to us." The large man said. "We weren't trying to hide it, but we wanted to meet you and cut a deal. You need money right, we can give you enough to last you a lifetime. You will never have to work again, all you need to do is follow us?"

"And by us, are you referring to those two girls who are with you as well?" Roy said.

The two men were confused by Roy's words and quickly turned their head, at the last second. They could see the two girls move their heads to hide behind the wall but it was too late, they had been seen.

One of the men was left with Roy to discuss further details while the other went toward the girls.

"What do we do now?" Martha asked, with her back against the wall. Slyvia hadn't run, so she had chosen to not run as well.

Slyvia thought about it. Right now, this was the only lead they had, so if they let this chance slip by them, how long would it be until they found another golden opportunity like this one.

"We stay," Sylvia said.

*****

If you want updates and artwork, please follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 431: Wont reply
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Walking around were the two boys, Harry and Kyle as well. Their duty or job for the day was to try to find Ray, and they were beginning to think just where he would be. If there was one thing they were scared of, it was returning back to the inn and meeting Sylvia empty-handed.

After searching the streets and the nearby area, they could see no signs of Ray anywhere.

"Where would he have rushed off to, so early in the morning?" Harry asked.

And then something had clicked inside Kyle's head, a thought. Something that only Ray would be brave enough to do.

"You don't think he decided to go to the arena again, do you?" Kyle said. "I mean, I know Slyvia said for him to stop and come back, but she didn't specifically tell him to stop going to the arena, right?"

"Are you serious, do you really think, that Ray's that dense to not understand why Slyvia was calling him back? To not call attention to himself." Harry replied.

As he said those words, a man walking past yelling in the streets was heard.

"Everyone, we have a special event for you tonight. Come see as the newbie Nes goes head to head with Roki. Who will be the faster one to defeat the king tier beast this time? Please come place your bets."

The two of them looked at each other, before rushing off to their destination.

When they had finally arrived at the arena, they could see that there were advertisements spread across everywhere trying to get people to come in and watch the fight, and the outside of the arena already looked busy.

There were screens that were displaying the recordings of both Ray's match from yesterday as well as Roki's. It looked like they were taking bets to see who would defeat the king tier beast faster this time.

After looking everywhere for Ray, they could only assume they were too late.

"Well, we might as well just go in and support him right," Kyle said with a cheeky laugh. "He had gone up to the betting counter and had but a single gold coin on Ray to defeat the king tier beast faster."

This had reminded him long ago of the betting ring he had set up himself at Avrion. When they thought they also saw there was a chance to bet on whether Roki or Nes would take on the Emperor tier beast, and it seemed like the odds were pretty low.

For this one, Kyle decided not to for now. Even Ray wouldn't be mad enough to take on an emperor beast, he thought. At least not without being able to use his magic.

When entering the arena, the two got to their seats and looked around the area. As they had thought, it was completely packed and not a single seat was empty. Whatever advertisement and marketing they were doing, it had clearly worked.

First, they watched the warm up contestants. These people would take on the basic tier and mostly get up to the intermediate tier before dropping out. Some of them got to the advanced tier, but no one would go further than that.

Then finally it was time for Roki to enter the stage. Roki had to start from the beginning like everyone else and would start fighting a basic tier beast. But before his event started, they had an announcement to make.

"Today is a special day for you all. We know why most of you are here, and it's to see how Roki and the newbie face off against each other. So we are going to change the rules a little for our last two contestants."

"After one contestant finishes dealing with the beast, then the next one will step in and fight the exact same beast. The two will take it in turns going up in rank as they face the beast. This will give each contestant more time to rest and hopefully bring out their full potential."

Usually, the beasts that were elected were randomized, but to make the betting fair and the competition exciting, they had chosen to do the event this way just for these two people, and it seemed like no one was complaining about it.

The fight had started and Roki was able to kill the basic tier beast with a single swing; it was fast and clean.

Next was Ray's turn. Kyle had only betted on the results of the king tier match, so he was just cheering Ray on for fun at this point.

As the beast came charging towards him, Ray also swung his sword down, only his strike wasn't as smooth. However, it had produced the same result: slicing the beast head off, only his was done with raw power.

The two continued to take it in turns until eventually, it was time for them to face off against a new king tier beast again.

This time, the king tier beast was a large lizard-like creature that mainly used its tongue to attack. It would come out at a light speed and stick to objects pulling them in. Roki did well against this opponent, dodging most of the tongue attacks.

He had been hit a few times and slammed to the ground, but after getting a few hits on the outage and slicing it off, it was easy work for him from there.

Then it was Ray's turn. Kyle continuously begged that Ray would be able to defeat the beast quicker. That gold coin that was given to him was given by Slyvia, and it was his entire expenses for the whole of the trip.

When Ray came to the stage, he struggled a fair bit more, but while watching the fight, Roki noticed something. Although his swordsmanship hadn't improved, something else did.

'Are his movements and strikes more powerful now, but how?' Roki thought he might have been imagining things or Ray had been holding back last time, but he wasn't wrong in his thoughts.

This was because Ray had consumed the king tier crystal. The improvements were ever so little, but Roki was able to tell.

Eventually, Ray had defeated the beast, but it was at a speed that was slower than Roki's. Then it was time for the next step. Whether or not, they would go ahead and fight the Emperor tier beast. Roki had declined, and so had Ray. It hadn't come as a surprise, but the announcer then did something else. Asking them if they would compete again tomorrow against a new king tier beast.

Roki had put his thumb up, and then the same question was asked to Ray. Ray's response to this was the same as well.

Kyle and Harry looked at each other and thought they better tell Sylvia about this. She was perhaps the only one that would be able to convince Ray not to.

When Ray had exited the arena, he was surprised to see Harry and Kyle standing there, but it seemed like they had ignored ray exiting and they were discussing something else.

"What are you two doing here?" Ray asked.

Kyle looked a little nervous before he said his next few words carefully.

"Ray, it might not be a big deal, but it's just Slyvia and Martha. They're not replying to the messages I'm sending them."

****

For MDS updates and artwork please follow on Instagram: JKSmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 432: We can panic
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Did I do something wrong in my previous life or something?" Kyle said as he stomped his foot on the ground a few times, only for the dust on the floor to rise and fall.

Both Kyle and Harry were waiting outside the venue. As soon as Ray had finished fighting the king tier beast they had left. They knew he would be there for a while as they needed to finalize a few things, and they didn't like the contestants leaving at the same time as the audience members.

"Why did he have to use his sword throughout the whole fight? Couldn't he have just punched it like he usually does, or even better, he could have used magic?" Kyle continued to complain.

"I believe magic is not allowed in these types of events. It's for fighting only. That's why I was elected instead of someone like Bliss." Harry replied.

The reason for Kyles's frustration was because he had lost his only spending money. The gold coin he had betted, he was sure Ray would be a winner. Although Ray had defeated the beast, and with ease compared to last time, his skills were sloppy to say the least.

Even to Kyle, it was clear he had been relying far too much on his magic and other things and hadn't kept up with the regular training like the rest of them, but there was one thing he had to admit and that was the person he was going up against ,Roki. He on the other hand was a master swordsman.

His skills reminded him of the former White sash master knight. But Kyle wouldn't say that In front of Harry, after all, that was his so-called Dad.

What was more concerning for both of them though at this point, was how Slyvia hadn't replied yet. During the fight, they had sent her a message. They were expecting her to reply in an instant, just like when she found out in the inn. She had sent a message to Ray straight away.

So they expected her to do the same, telling them to tell Ray to stop, but there was no such thing and it was starting to worry them a little.

They sent a few more messages while waiting, and still there was nothing. That's when Kyle decided to send one to Martha, but she too hadn't replied.

At that Moment Ray had come out, and they had informed him of the news. Now in his void, he had two king tier crystals; he didn't know what to do with them. He wasn't so lucky this time to obtain the crystal once killing the beast.

So he decided to register once again for the next day. There was only a week or so before the main event.

After hearing from the guys what they said, Ray too had decided to send a message, one which sounded a bit more urgent.

"Wait, maybe you should also add an apology in there for last night." Harry said carefully, as he felt he was treading on uncharted territory there.

Ray paused for a second and decided to reword the message before sending it off. Saying sorry.

"So what did you send?" Kyle asked out of interest.

"I'm sorry about yesterday's matter, but you shouldn't scare the other two. Reply immediately or we will turn this whole city upside down looking for you. If you don't reply, I'll assume you may have died."

The others looked at each other and felt the message surely was strange, and the message wasn't really an apologetic one either.

"Well, the good thing is we know they aren't dead. They still come up on the Red wings members list." Said Harry. "Maybe we should head back to the inn for now. Perhaps she really is playing a joke on us and is still upset with you."

With that, the three boys decided to head back to the inn, and honestly, Ray had expected to see the two girls there, but there was no such thing. There wasn't even a note.

Slyvia, no matter how angry she was, would have never left without leaving a note, and Harry doubted she would be able to pull off a nasty joke like this for this long. Especially when they were in another city.

"Maybe we are panicking too much," Kyle said "What could happen to them here? This place is safe, as safe can be, right? Why don't we rest for the day, and if they don't come tomorrow, then we can start to panic."

The boys decided to do just that, but when they woke up in the morning, it was the same thing again. No messages, no replies, and no notes.

"Okay, now we have permission to panic," Kyle said as the three of them were sat down at a table.

"What do we do?" Harry asked.

Just then, an advertisement came on the screen in the Inn behind them. It was a similar advert to yesterday advertising the arena. It showed the battle that had happened yesterday and telling others to come again today, as both Roki and Nes would be going head to head once more.

"I think you should go to the arena, Ray," Harry said. "We know why you're going, you want to get stronger before the big fight with Gary. There aren't any king tier beast in the Alure kingdom, so this is the only place where you can find them with ease. The girls are strong, and I'm not just talking about Martha but Sylvia as well."

"They will be fine, and you can trust both me and Kyle to find them for you. So you go to that tournament and get a faster time than that Roki fella."

For some reason, Ray wanted to help find Slyvia and the others as well. He knew getting stronger was important, but something was telling him to go look for her. But Harry's words had managed to convince him.

If the words had come from Kyle, then perhaps Ray would have decided to ignore them, but Harry was a smart person and it was clear the two girls were still alive.

"Harry, I leave everything to you. You're in charge."

Ray said as he left to go to the arena.

"You are in charge!" Kyle complained. "Does he remember you two used to not be friends?"

But Ray had already disappeared.

****

For MDS updates and artwork follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 433: The Utopia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Still, the two girls had their backs up against the wall. It was just from the alleyway where the man was coming down their way. The girls were hesitating about what to do. But whatever was going to happen, Martha wanted to stay by Slyvia's side. Even if she didn't agree with the decision she was about to make.

Unlike her, Slyvia hadn't gone through the beasting process. Yes, she was strong, but not empire strong or to mess with the shadow. On top of this, she hadn't really fought in a long time. She had been too busy doing her duties back at the kingdom.

Slyvia quickly turned and faced the robbed man that was walking his way.

"I'm so sorry we were eavesdropping on you good sir, but we heard about what you said and we were just thinking that perhaps we could come with you?"

The man looked at the girls up and down, and he could see they were gently dressed. He couldn't imagine what reason they would need to be taken along, unlike Roy who was behind them.

Seeing this, Martha was quick on her feet. "We are sisters you see, and our family. They recently betted all our money on one of the fights in the arena. Apparently, there was some new unexpected guy that had shown up. It had surprised everyone." Said Martha.

"Our parents told us to go look for work, and we wish to help them, but we aren't strong enough to go out and hunt."

Turning around, the robbed man looked at his partner, who had already convinced Roy to come along with them. They too had heard of the news of the man at the arena yesterday, so it was quite possible. The other man just shrugged his shoulders. Their aim was to bring as many people as they could anyway, and if people were volunteering to come with them, then why should they worry too much.

The girls and Roy were escorted by the two men. Roy willingly gave himself in based on their offer. He thought there was no harm in him going with them, and it wasn't like he was going to get tricked out of even more money.

Besides, if someone was going to try to do something to him, harvest his organs or such, he was confident in his fire powers to deal with them. Something that the two men with them didn't know.

They continued to follow the men, and it looked like they were taking them out from the center of the city. Then they had finally reached a large wall closer to the outside. It was hard to tell where they really were or what exactly went on behind such a wall, but the wall went far to both the left and right, to the point where they couldn't see the ends.

"Here is where you three will be staying, this place operates different from the rest, and you are free to leave at any designated day. Essentially if you want to leave, you must let us know a week in advance and we shall let you do so." One of the men said.

"And how many people usually want to leave?" Slyvia asked.

"Most people never leave. They are just like yourself with nowhere to go, and we offer them comfort. Maybe it gets a little too comfy in there." The man replied.

The man asked the three of them again before entering, it was as if he wanted all of them to be sure, and from the sound of it, they could leave whenever they wanted. It kind of seemed to be perfect to be true, but there was also a chance she wasn't in the right place at all.

They walked up to an unguarded part of the wall, where there was a door. There was nothing but a simple key used to open it. Which seemed to be in line with their story of them being able to leave whenever they wanted.

When the door opened and the girls walked through, Sylvia even inspected it to see if it was made out of Glathrium which it was not.

When they entered, they could see what looked like a mini town inside. There were people, kids and such, all wearing the same basic cloth clothing. But they weren't dirty or such, it just looked simple.

"All of these people were like you, struggling to eat and live. So we took them off from the streets, gave them a place to live and housing." The men explained as they walked through the small town, and started to head for the bigger building towards the back.

This was the reason why they had seen no poor people out on the streets because they would have been recruited to join this place. At the moment, just from first impressions, it didn't look like the type of place that would be up to mischief.

Instead, it just looked like the Empire was trying to hide their dirty laundry. To have the impression that they didn't have the same problems as every other kingdom.

But they weren't completely buying it, not yet at least.

"For free?" Martha asked, hoping they could find their answer.

"Of course not." The man replied. "We are heading to the registration area to get you registered, remember if you want to leave this place then you must go back here and give a week's notice. Someone will then come and collect you. Escorting you out of here.

"And by the way, your week started as soon as you walked through that door, so even if you wanted to leave now you will have to give your week's notice."

The two girls slightly glanced looking at each other. If this really wasn't the place they were meant to be at, then that meant without sneaking out or causing some form of trouble they would miss Ray's event.

Whatever the cost they needed to be there.

"There is a research center, there's nothing too dangerous inside, but groups at a time will be asked to enter. You are free to define an experiment as such at any point and time. A doctor will explain all the possible side effects. However, to stay in this facility you must take at least one test per month. That is what we ask, and all the people here already know it as well."

Looking at the research center, standing opposite the registration center they were going to, Sylvia knew she would find her answers in there. What possible experiments could the empire be doing, if it wasn't related to the black liquid?

****

For MDS updates and artwork, please follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 434: Joining the group
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The registration center looked to be the place where most of the guards worked and stayed at. It was kind of a dorm for them. On the way there, they saw several knights that were stationed around the place. However, they were all wearing different equipment than the regular empire knights.

Which was making Sylvia unsure if this was a private organization within the empire or if it was really related to the empire. Inside there was a reception room, a waiting area with seats, not many people were being recruited into the place so there was no line for the resignation and no one waiting inside.

There were a few forms on the desk that they needed to fill in. The form asked certain questions about where they were raised from, who their family members were, and if they still kept in contact with them. Of course, all the information Sylvia and Martha provided was fake. Even if they did find out, it wasn't real, it wouldn't be too much of a bother for them in the first place.

After all, they were high officials in their own kingdom. It wasn't exactly like Ray would give in to any demands from the empire.

The man behind the desk glanced over the information and then looked at the two girls. "You'll have to hand your equipment over to us as well. There will be no need for that here."

The girls looked at each other, unsure. The equipment they had was quite top tier, especially Martha's bow, which was a king tier item.

'"It's just a formality, we will keep it in the storage room for you. From time to time there may be arguments as such, and we don't have the time to also be dealing with fights in this place. So we would rather lessen the damage to a minimum. There are quite a few low-ranked adventures here who were never able to make a living, so it wouldn't be fair to allow them to carry their weapons amongst the rest of the people here."

"If you change your mind and decide to leave this place, will give you back your equipment as well."

The two girls didn't really have a choice. Slyvia gave her advanced tier sword along with her shield, while Martha handed in her king tier bow, an advanced dagger she also carried. They were however, allowed to keep their armour on.

Roy had nothing on him to give and was fine how he was, however, he did notice something when the girls gave their equipment in, and that was the level of equipment. Maybe these men who worked behind a desk and whose job was to recruit people couldn't tell, but Roy could.

The level of gear the two girls had handed in wasn't something that anybody could obtain, especially the bow. He had a feeling that the girl's reasons for being here might have differed completely from his own. The look in their eyes was different from the others. The people here had already given up, become complacent, but these girls.

The problem was, he was deciding should he stay well away from them, or find out what they were trying to do.

There were a few more things they needed to do before they were registered, they needed to have their weight and height checked and do a bunch of basic strength tests. While doing, they noticed a desk that was stationed not too far away. As they were wrapping up, they could see another man enter into the registration area and approach the desk. The three of them were listening in to their conversation greatly.

"Hi, I would like to give my weeks' notice and leave this place." The man said, as his eyes darted around him, looking to see if someone was following him.

"Certainly, I can process that for you, do you mind telling us why you are leaving?" The staff member asked.

"I feel like if I stay here, I might end up staying here forever. I want to go back and try to reconnect with my family, change my life." The man replied, rubbing his arm back and down.

"If you'd like we could try to contact your family and bring them here?"

???No!" The man snapped back, but then realized what he had done. "I mean, it's okay. If I could just leave, then that will be fine."

The worker filled in some paperwork and gave some papers for the man to fill in.

"Okay, there will be someone to escort you out of her in a week's time, I hope you have a nice day."

The girls, as well as Roy, noted how strange the man had acted when he came in. Perhaps they could get some answers from him, as to why he wished to leave this place.

"It quite common." The escort that had come with them said. "Some people, once they are back up on their feet again, feel the need to leave this place as soon as possible."

The girls just smiled back at the man. After the three were taken to their living space. There were many large buildings that were just full of rooms. It reminded the girls of the dorms back at Avrion academy. The only difference was each of them got their own separate little room that had everything one would need in it. There was even a nice hot meal waiting for them.

"You get three meals a day, at the same time. You are free to do as you wish. As for the research lab. There is a bulletin board in the center of the place. It will inform you of when you are free to go to the research center. If you don't within a month, someone will come collect you. Someone like me and you will be forced to do a research trial or leave this place. "

With that said, the two men left, and they were finally on their own.

The girls and Roy were a bit hungry and the smell of the food was captivating. The girls were a bit worried there might have been something in the food. Besides, if they could, they would want to try to leave this place by the end of today if possible. But it seemed like it might prove harder with their weapons having been taken off them.

Roy seeing the two girls leave was wondering where they were going. He didn't know why but he was a little attracted to their presence. Maybe it was the fact that he hadn't talked to anyone for a long time, and he just wanted to be doing something again.

Perhaps he felt like helping these girls would no longer make him feel worthless, so he decided to call out to them.

"Where are you girls going?" Roy asked.

"We were going to ask that man why he wanted to leave this place. We're still unsure if this is for us or not." Martha replied.

It seemed like a reasonable answer. They didn't even know what the research trials would be. They could be using the humans as experiments for anything and the scared worried man was certainly one to talk to.

"Do you mind if I tag along?" Roy asked. "I don't exactly get the best feeling from this place either."

The girls for now saw no problem with this. They were hundreds of people around them seeing what they were doing anyway, and if this place really was doing something. Slyvia would want to inform them and get them out of here anyway.

Roy noticed at that moment, that the girl who had wielded the bow, was waiting for the other girl to give an answer. The blonde-haired girl was the leader of the two, and he made a note of that.

"Sure," Sylvia replied.

*****

For MVS updates and artwork, you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 435: Crazy girls
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Roy was happily following the girls around and while doing so he would often stuff his face with a piece of meat which was given to him from his room. He hadn't eaten anything good in a while and needed to regain his strength. Especially if his gut feeling was right about what was going on.

Unlike with the girls though, the idea of the food being tampered with didn't cross his mind for a second. The girls were going from area to area trying to see if they could spot the man from before. The one they had seen trying to leave the facility.

They were sure of it, that he would have some answers to the questions they had. It wasn't long since they had left the registration facility's, so they thought he would be nearby and they weren't wrong as they spotted him going into one of the dorms, that weren't too far from theirs.

Even then, as he entered his room, they could see the man looking around before entering his room. Still scared to see if someone was following him.

"Why don't we just stand by for a while?" Slyvia said.

And Martha and the two agreed. Roy knew what she was doing and thought it was a clever move on her part. Their group was following the man, but what they were waiting to see was if another person was following him too.

Was he just being paranoid, or was someone in the facility really after him? This only confirmed Roy's thoughts from before. These weren't just any random adventures. They had been trained and were quite skilled.

After waiting a while though, it didn't seem like anyone was following the man, and at the same time it didn't seem like the man was going to come out anytime soon. So they decided to approach the door together.

As they reached the door, a knock was made.

"Hello." Martha said. "Is anybody inside?"

But there was no reply at all.

"We know you're in there. We are new here and just wanted to ask a few questions. Someone said you have been here a while." But still there was no answer.

Off to the side, Slyvia saw that they were starting to deliver the food, and she had come up with an idea.

No matter what, everybody needed to eat something to live, and it would be the same for the man. The people delivering the food had knocked, and still the man hadn't opened the door. Then they placed the food tray just outside and left.

The second the man peaked the door open to grab his food, Martha had grabbed the door.

"What the hell! Let go!" The man said as he tried to slam it back shut, not caring about his food anymore.

"We just want to ask you a few questions?" Martha said with a pleasant smile on her face.

When looking at her hand, the man could see she was only using one, and even though he was yanking it with all his strength and power, the door wasn't budging. She looked to be using no effort at all. But he was a man, and she was a small woman. How was this happening, and this just set even more fear into him.

Pulling the door open, the girls walked in and that included Roy. Who now was a little afraid after seeing what Martha was capable of.

'Maybe I should just stay clear of this for now.'

"You keep watch for us." Sylvia ordered, and Roy didn't know why but he complied and stood outside the door waiting to see if anyone was coming. From the tone of her voice, it sounded like she was one who was used to barking around orders, and not wanting to get in a scrap with he listened, but not without pressing his ear up against the door so he could hear what they were talking about.

The man sat on his bed and he was visibly shaking, as if he was expecting this to come.

"Just please, let me leave… I promise I won't tell anyone about what I saw." The man said, still shaking.

"I think you have us wrong, we really are new people here." Sylvia said in a calming voice. "We just joined, and this place seemed a little too good to be true. Then we overheard you wanting to leave this place, and we just wanted to know why."

The man didn't calm down after hearing this and his eyes continued to dart around the room looking to see if someone was listening. "I don't know if what your saying is the truth, but if you really aren't lying. Then leave this place now. Leave before they do anything." the man replied. "If you leave now, maybe nothing will happen to you, just whatever you do don't go to the research facility."

The two girls tried to press the man for more answers, asking him questions in turns, trying both a nice approach and sometimes an aggressive approach, as if Slyvia was playing the good cop and Martha was playing the bad cop.

Roy had even heard something break from outside and was a little worried for the man. But Martha had only broken a table inside, hoping to intimidate the man to tell them more, but it didn't work. Whatever had happened, he was more frightned of them than the two girls in front of him.

"Come on, this is a waste of our time lets go." Slyvia said.

When the two girls left the room, they walked straight past Roy and were heading in a direction.

"Wait, were are you going?" Roy asked.

"You can go home." Slyvia replied. "I don't have time to waste here. Ray is waiting for us. I'm heading to that research facility now, and we are going to see what the hell they are hiding from us."

*****

For updates and MDs artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 436: Injection of the shadow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The first step to entering the research facility was to head to the bulletin board that was stationed in the middle of the strange settlement. As the girls walked over, Roy continued to follow them. He knew what they were planning to do, but thought that if he was going to live in the place anyway, then he needed to do one trial. So, he might as well have got it over and done with straight away.

Knowing full well though, that the girls would be up to something. He would follow them, but try his best not to get involved at the same time. On the bulletin board there were several different times mentioned that one could go to the research facility at, other than times though, there wasn't much else.

No information on what type of test they would be doing or anything about why they were doing it. Secretive as ever and most kingdoms would have banned an operation such as this one.

Sylvia knew it was important to be transparent to your people. Even when they had asked students to go through the beasting process they made sure to tell them what was happening and all of the possibilities. They could have easily just done what this facility right here was doing now as well.

When the three arrived, the research facility reminded them of a hospital. Inside there were many men and women with long white robed clothing. However, just as equally there seemed to be the same amount of guards as well.

This was the first tell tale sign. What was the need for manpower in a building such as this one?

After the three registered for their trial, they could see there were about ten others who were present there with them. Including them three, it was thirteen.

They waited in the reception room and weren't allowed to go anywhere else. Several times, Sylvia had stood up, and a guard had told her to sit down until they called them. She had even tried going to the toilet where someone followed her completely.

It didn't seem like they would freely be able to explore such a place anytime soon.

"Alright everyone, we will be changing rooms now." One of the guards said.

From the reception area, the group was escorted to a different room. The space in this room was a lot larger than the others, and seats had been prepared that were quite far apart. Standing at the front was a man with glasses and a white robe. Presumably one of the doctors or a scientist.

"Before we begin I wanted to inform you all what this trial will be about so as to not scare you." The doctor explained. "I see there are a lot of new faces here, so I think this will ease them in a bit."

Straight away, the doctor had pulled out a syringe, from a metal box that was on the table by his side. Inside the syringe was a black liquid, one that was constantly moving. It looked exactly the same as the liquid her brother had shown her.

She knew what it was, but the others didn't have a clue. But it was clear the liquid looked menacing and alive as it moved about in the syringe.

"Now not to worry, you see I guarantee you all there will be no harm involved in this. I won't lie to you all. Inside hear is part of the disease that you have all come to know, as the shadow plague. As you know, more and more people are falling to the disease, and that's why we have it here."

"What we are trying to do is to create a vaccine. I assure you, this is as safe as safe can be. A small amount of shadow will be injected inside you and we will see how one acts. You will be split into groups. If it's your first time, the dose will be very minimal and we will monitor you for the first hour or so. For the others, we will increase the dose."

Inside Sylvia was smiling, they had come to the right place after all, but at the same time she was worried. What now? What was she meant to do in the facility with all these guards. She never intended to fight them, but just wanted to find out more information.

There were a few things she did know about the liquid, not everyone was affected in the same way. There were times when the dark guild members, including others had taken it to gain a boost in their strength. Their mind hadn't completely been taken over by the shadow and they seemed to function quite fine.

Then there was the liquid all the students had taken that time. The question was, which type of liquid was this.

Judging by the fact that there were some people here who had taken the liquid before, she was inclined to believe the enhancing type of black liquid.

However, there was no way to be certain.

The patients waited one by one as they were injected, it didn't look like any of them had put up a fight. They didn't really have a choice and it looked like the facility with housing and free food had already won them over.

Looking at them, Slyvia was waiting to see a change or a turn, but there was no such thing, and several more white robbed men and girls had come to monitor the patients.

"Slyvia, are we really going to let something like that inside our body." Martha whispered. "After what happened with Monk and Gary…I really don't think I can."

Still, did it mean they needed to fight now, run away, or try to find out the truth. They could always escape and ask Ray for help.

While she was busy thinking, one of the white robbed females had come over, she opened her metal briefcase and four syringes could be seen.

"Okay let's see who's going first."

Roy didn't care about the liquid too much. He too didn't know what it did, but was confident in his body to reject any bad substance, a bit too confident that he could just sort out everything with his powers.

After hearing Martha's words, Slyvia made the choice.

"I will go first." She said.

The needle was prepared and the liquid could be seen moving about. It was pressed into her shoulder and slowly the liquid started to go in, until finally it had entered her body.

*BAng

Suddenly, a loud explosion was heard and soon after the sound of alarms followed.

"This is an emergency will all guards, please come to the ground floor. I repeat will all the guards please come to the ground floor."

Something was happening in the facility.

*****

For MDS artwork and updates please follow on instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 437: Quicker time
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had arrived outside the arena. He had gone to participate in today's event just like the other two had told him, but while he was inside preparing himself, he couldn't help but feel a little guilty inside.

He was here, while the others were busy looking for the girls who could very well be in trouble. For some reason, he just couldn't get everything off his mind and worse of all, the last memory he had of Slyvia was a bad one.

If Slyvia did really disappear and he never saw her again, did he want that to be his last words? Before the event would start, Ray decided to send one more message again, seeing if anything would get through. He waited and waited and even sent a message to the guys.

They had replied but with no update on the situation, wherever they were it didn't look like it was going to be easy. Eventually, Ray's name had been called into the arena with no response from the girls.

The event was set up the same as last time. With each contestant going through the different rank beasts starting from the lowest. Just like before there was a large betting pool going on between the contender Nes and Roki.

Each time Ray fought he used his sword to kill the beast, but for some reason, it was taking him longer than usual, even for the low tier beasts.

"He's being hesitant, as if his mind is stuck or lost somewhere else." Roki thought looking at him.

There was a clear difference in clear times between the two today, unlike the days before. This caused an effect in the betting booths. Far more people were betting on Roki this time to defeat the king tier beast faster.

Even the arena crew could see this so they had to alter the odds, giving Ray a better chance if he was to win, to allow more people to bet on that.

The large man who had lost a lot of his money the first time Ray was there had come back today, and he too had decided to put everything he did on Roki winning. Roki was the favorite to get a faster clear time, anyway. Now with the way Ray was, many believed he had no chance.

Eventually, it had reached the advanced tier level beast, and what surprised many people was Roki himself was still improving. He was a middle-aged man, and past his peak, some would say. But they could tell with each fight he was getting better. Avoiding more strikes and more blows.

While Ray was having his worst day, Roki seemed to be having his best day and he had managed to defeat the advanced tier beast without taking a single hit.

"Do you think today's going to be the day?" Someone from the crowd asked.

"You mean, you think he might try to take on the emperor tier beast today?" Another asked.

It seemed more and more likely. After all, he wasn't hurt and in his best condition. A contestant didn't need to defeat an emperor tier beats. They could always just try to fight it and forfeit in the middle of the fight.

Moving on, it was Ray's turn to take care of the advanced beast. He still decided he would use his sword, in the end it was one of his goals. To get better at swordsmanship while obtaining crystals, but he was unfocused and eventually took a heavy blow from the three-tailed creature in the chest.

It had sent him a few feet back and cracked his armour a little. His chest piece had seen better days, and it was probably time to use one of the king tier equipment he had to make something better out of it.

It was a struggle, but Ray eventually managed to cut the tails off and striked the beast's head off with a couple of strikes as well. It was Ray's worst performance of the day.

It was time for what everyone had been waiting for, to see the two contestants compete again for the best time against the king tier beats. However, the fanfare and excitement that was there yesterday, just wasn't there today.

If anyone was to take a look, there would be a clear winner, but when Roki's fight had started, the excitement was won back a little. For he was doing better than ever. Even now he still hadn't been hit and was blocking blows from the beast perfectly.

It was a fairly large, Fox like creature, that had an elemental ability of fire. Using Ki in his sword, Roki was able to deflect the attacks hitting the flames back at it.

Even if it could produce fire, it didn't mean it was immune to its attacks. Finally, Roki had managed to finish it off after hurting it enough with its own attacks and slamming his sword in its head.

Seeing such a perfect performance, the crowd wasn't excited to see Ray now, but were excited wondering if Roki was going to take on the emperor tier beast.

"Sir, should we allow Roki to move onto the next stage, or proceed as planned with the alternate style. The contestant known as Nes hasn't been doing the best today." The man said.

Two men were in the glass booths watching the arena. It was the owner talking with one of his men. It was true that now the excitement had moved on and the owner was trying to decide what to do. He too could tell Ray was strange today, but what could be the reason.

It took a long time for him to decide, but in the end, he had chosen to go with his gut.

"Let's stick to the normal schedule, besides it will give time for Roki to rest if he does choose to go against the emperor beast."

Finally, it was time for Ray to go against the king tier beast. He walked out onto the arena floor and there weren't the usual cheers as they were yesterday. It wasn't quite, but it was as if they were just watching some in-between entertainment until they got to the real show.

The gates were opened and Ray was to wait for the king tier beast to appear.

'What am I doing here?' Ray thought. 'I need to get stronger, yes, but why am I messing around with this stupid sword. I'm just waiting time.'

The fire Fox had entered the ring, and Ray had placed his sword away. Seeing this the crowd felt like his actions were odd. They could then see him walking towards the fire fox, slowly.

'No more playing games, I need to get out of here.' Ray thought.

A fire ball was shot towards him and everyone there including Roki was expecting him to move, but he did nothing. Allowing the flame ball to hit him completely, for a second they could see a human figure covered in flames, but moments after a man walking out of them. He had burn marks over his body and such, but was hardly hurt and was walking as normal.

Ray had recently gained the fire resistance skill and due to his high amount of stats in the fire element, the Fox's attack hurt, but he knew it wouldn't kill him.

Then when Ray was close enough, using the Ki in his legs, he leapt forward, readied his fist as hard as he could and slammed it right into the Fox's face. The Fox was a large beast, and the audience couldn't believe what they were seeing, how could a human have such strength, to fling something so large to the other side of the arena.

Ray wasn't done there. He continued to move forward, hitting the Fox over and over. It tried to swipe its paws at Ray, but using his strong gauntlets and strength he was able to block the attacks. Hitting them away and his gauntlets remained unscathed.

Another fire ball was shot at Ray, but he took it head-on once again. Hurting him but not enough to do any real damage and with it, he was able to deliver the final push, slamming the Fox's head into the side of the arena wall and forming a large crater at the same time.

At that point, Ray had stopped hitting the Fox and started to walk away. He knew the match was over. And it was with a time, that was far faster than Roki's.

*****

Hey guys, I will be making an MDS Manga. I will be posting it on Patreon and discord: Jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 438: The kingdoms meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Both Harry and Kyle had gone from tavern to tavern searching for the girls, seeing if they could find out any information, but they have had no such luck so far. Their search led them onto the streets. They looked everywhere and Kyle had even drawn pictures of the two.

"Excuse me, have you seen these two, one of them is a blond with a scrunched up face. Her eyebrows sometimes look like they are touching each other." Kyle asked, but there were no answers.

It was a large city and them just going around wasn't going to work.

The two didn't know what to do, and that's when they decided to stop by at another tavern, and got a few drinks, as they let their minds refocus on what was the next step.

"Let's think of this more logically," Harry said. "What could have been so important to Sylvia that she had to go off in the first place?"

"Well, she is a busybody," Kyle replied. "If she isn't replying to the messages, my guess is she got in the empire's business and they caught somewhere for snooping."

Harry looked a bit down hearing that, because although Kyle was speaking about it freely as if it was just a random guess. It was most likely true. While the two were trying to think like Slyvia and what she would have possibly done a message was received.

It was from Ray, asking for an update, they told him the truth and said there was no news yet, but tried to spin it in a positive light. No news was also good news. At least they hadn't found her body somewhere and their names were still showing up under the red wing army, so they had to be alive.

The screens in the inn started to play the big event once again. The one that had been showing for the last few days. The arena fights that were going on.

"Oh man, the missing girls are really affecting him," Kyle said, watching Ray perform poorly in his fights so far.

"He never used to be like this," Harry said. "Before, he wouldn't let his mind affect him so easily. I'm afraid if we don't find these girls, then he won't fare well in the all kingdom tournament."

"Did you say the all kingdom tournament?" A female voice that was sitting at the bar said. She had short brown hair and two daggers around her waist, by her side a family large fat man, who wielded an axe.

That's when the two of them noticed something. There were an odd amount of adventures in this inn at the moment. Their minds too were unfocused for them to not notice such a thing.

Harry looked around and noticed that many of them carried the different crests of different kingdoms.

'I guess it's about that time right.' Harry thought. 'For the other participants of the all kingdom tournament to start arriving in the city. It looks like they all decided to meet up beforehand and our kingdom didn't get the memo.'

In total, there were six different kingdoms, seven if one was to include the Redwing kingdom, then each kingdom was allowed two participants each. It looked like all of the participants were in the inn. The contestants were also allowed to bring guards, and most likely they had some with them.

However, these were meant to be the strongest fighters in their kingdom. If someone couldn't even take care of their guards, what was the use of fighting against them?

"So my guess is that you two are from the Redwing kingdom and that's one of your fighters?" The female said with a smile. "Well looks like the rumors were greatly exaggerated about your strength. I can't believe our leaders were scared of you. I hope the other person is better, otherwise, you guys will be the first ones to be knocked out."

Kyle calmly drank his drink in one go and stood up from his seat as he walked over towards the girl. He stopped and looked at her for a few seconds.

"Would you care to drink with me, my room isn't far from here?" Kyle suggested holding out his hand.

The girl started to laugh hysterically.

"Is there something wrong with your head? Do you know how many men wish to court me every day, and you think some bald-headed freak like you is able to win me over. I only go out with those that are stronger than me." The girl said.

Next on the screen, Roki was the one to go, and they all saw his beautiful swordsmanship. He hadn't taken a hit and killed the beast perfectly. The look on the other contestants' faces were now more serious than before.

"That's one of the Empire's men." One said.

"Yes, he is very skillful and will be tough to beat, I also doubt the empire will allow their best men to just show off their skills like so. They must have someone better hiding behind the scenes as well." Another kingdom member replied.

"Please," Kyle said. "Harry could do the same sort of swordplay when he was fifteen. If you are impressed by that, you all are really fools."

All of the fighters there were warriors. Warriors with pride and they didn't like to be mocked. They also appreciated skilled fighters when they saw one. They could tell Roki had skill, while the other person before him seemed to be getting through everything by pure luck.

Because of this, the man standing by the female's side by the bar stood up and went to walk towards Kyle. However, the next second Kyle was no longer in front of him and had disappeared, he too was now by the counter and had placed a small pouch on the table.

Bypassing the large man before his very eyes.

Looking at this, Harry started to grab around his waist.

'When did he?' He knew Kyle had no money. The pouch that was on the table was his.

"If you think this man is so skillful, why don't we make a bet. Him against ours to see who can clear the king tier beast quicker?" Kyle asked.

*****

MDS will be getting a manga, will announce it here when the first chapter is complete. Will be on P.a.t.r.e.o.n first :jksmanga (You can help support my series being adapted into other works)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 439: Bad luck or good luck
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seeing what Kyle was doing, Harry couldn't help but shake his head in disbelief. It wasn't that he didn't believe in Ray to be able to clear the king tier beast quicker than Roki, it was that he didn't like that Kyle was the one who had made the bet.

Harry thought in his past life, he must have cheated with the goddess of luck, because whatever he touched with his hands would end up going wrong, and that included bets like this one. Not only that, but it was his money in the end.

Kyle had already lost his own money, if he then further betted Harry's money, they would have no money left. Slyvia was the one who was in charge of the funds, and she had taken the rest of the coins with her. She left a reasonable amount with Harry thinking he would be more responsible.

If they lost this, then how would they pay for the inn and where would they stay? Never mind that, how would they even pay for the bill for the drinks they had just had.

Standing up from his seat, he wanted to go out and stop him, but another person had come in his way, another participant of the all kingdom tournament. A man with a ponytail and a spear on his back.

"Don't stop it when things are just starting to get interesting." The ponytail man said.

Opening up the pouch on the counter, the female was surprised to see four gold coins. She never expected these two to have such money on them. She looked at Kyle once again, and could see a huge grin on his face. This man was surely a fool.

"I will call your bluff." The women said.

Now everyone's eyes were glued to the screen, and it was Roki's turn to fight the king tier beast. He was doing well, doing better than he had done the last two days, and Kyle hated to admit it, but even he was getting nervous now.

Roki hadn't been hit a single time, and all his attacks were perfect today.

"Are you getting cold feet?" The girl asked, seeing the scrunched up look on his face.

"Whatever, just you wait," Kyle replied.

Eventually, Roki had killed the beast in record time. It was a personal best for him. The contestants were amazed, and the girl went ahead to grab the pouch of money.

"Wait," Kyle said, grabbing her hand at lightning speed. She hadn't even seen it move. "The match is not over."

'How is he so fast? Just now, and the move before. I didn't see any of it. He may be an idiot, but he is one to keep an eye on.' The girl thought.

Finally, it was Ray's turn. The match only lasted a few moments, and soon after the huge grin on Kyle's face had nearly reached his eyes it went up that wide. They had all seen Ray beat the king tier beast in less than a minute with his bare hands.

"But, he was doing so badly before….why…how!" One of them said.

It truly did seem strange, to see someone struggling so much against beast of lower tiers and then for this to suddenly happen.

Now, Kyle's face was right up in front of the girls with his hands held out. Although the girl didn't want to, she was honest to her word and gave Kyle four gold coins.

He held them up in the air and looked around.

'I knew today would be a good day. Maybe I can get even more out of these suckers. If Ray decided to give up his sword, then I have a good idea what he's planning on next.' Kyle thought.

"Why don't we make things even more interesting. How about I put these eight gold coins up for grab, and I bet that our little Nes will be going against the emperor tier beast next." Kyle said.

Before Harry could intervene with anything, the girl had already placed her gold coins on the table. "You're on." She replied.

The others would have got in on the bet if the girl hadn't reacted fast enough. Because they all didn't believe that someone would dare go against an emperor tier.

As for Harry, he had a different thought to how Ray was thinking. The reason he dealt with the king tier beast quickly and why he was hesitant before, wasn't out of anger, but because he wanted to rush to go and find the girls. If his hunch was right…

The arena then asked if the contestant Nes would have liked to go onto the next stage and face the emperor tier beast. Lifting his hand up, Ray proceeded to give a thumbs down, not moving onto the next stage.

It was as Harry had thought. Ray wanted to get out of the arena to look for the girls.

"Nooo!" Kyle cried out and went to his knees. His hands on top of his bald head. If he had hair, he would have been pulling it out right now, but there was none left.

"Well, you win some you lose some." The girl said, laughing as she went to leave the place, and the rest soon followed after.

"What the hell were you thinking!" Harry shouted. "Why did you have to be so greedy? What are we meant to do now, how are we meant to pay the bill!"

Harry was angry, and he had a right to be, but his voice was so loud that a fairly large beaded man had heard what he said.

"Did I just hear someone say they couldn't afford to pay the bill?" The man asked. He was the owner of the place, and the two of them had bought a lot of drinks beforehand.

"Sir, I'm sorry, we can pay just not right now. I promise we will give you back your money." Harry said. Thinking that his honourable presence would have convinced the man.

But it had no effect at all. A few seconds later and the man had placed them in a room telling them to wait, and he would deal with them later.

The two of them had no clue what would happen, and a few seconds later, two robbed men had entered the room. It was men they both had never seen before.

"We hear you guys are having money troubles, is that correct?" One of the robbed men asked.

"How about if we said we could invite you to a place where money was no problem, a Utopia."

******

For MVS Updates and artwork please follow on instagram: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 440: Ray alone
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Anger, sadness, and fear. Ray didn't know what exactly he was feeling right now. All he knew was that at this moment, all he wanted to do was to go and see if the girls were alright. It was strange, but he hadn't felt like this before.

Even when he was away from the Redwing kingdom and when he wasn't with the girls, just knowing they were alive was enough. So he didn't understand why was he worried about them now.

He knew they were alive, right? But still, it didn't change that fact, and it was the very reason why he had used all his strength to finish the fight as quickly as possible. He wasn't even trying to get a faster time than Roki. He had completely forgotten about the entire competition altogether.

After declining to fight the emperor tier beast, Ray walked up to the dead beast and then using his fist, he impaled its chest. At this moment, accessing his system he made the beast crystal appear in his hand that was in his inventory and pulled it out from the beast lifting it up in the air.

"Wow, like a real gladiator, I'm really starting to like this guy!" Someone from the crowd said and they all let out an almighty cheer as he raised his hand.

Even if they were upset at him for not taking on the Emperor tier beast, they couldn't be upset for too long after he had given the impressive performance he had done.

However, his reason for doing this wasn't to gloat in his victory. It was because after killing the beast; the system had automatically given him a crystal. If they were to check the beast for a crystal, they would find no result. Not wanting to cause any suspicion, Ray needed to make it look like he was the one that had extracted the crystal.

It was safe to say Ray was in a rush to leave the place. He had decided that it would be best for him to look for the girls rather than to focus on the event anymore. But there were still some procedures he needed to go through before leaving, and he also needed to wait for the audience to leave the field.

At the reception area, the crowd had left and Roki was busy registering for the event once again for the next day. That was when he saw Nes walk past him, however this time, he had walked straight past the registration center.

Roki looked on the sheet and he could see no such name.

'Is he not planning to participate, tomorrow?' Roki thought.

Exiting from the arena, the first thing Ray decided to do was send to a message to the guys asking where they would meet up. He waited and waited, but in the end, got no such reply. Thinking that they might have gone back to the inn and fallen asleep, Ray returned to the inn but still could see no one there.

"What happened to them?" Ray said. "Has their fate become the same as the girls?"

He popped up the list and all four of their names were still present on the Redwings list. It settled his heart a little, but for the first time in a while, Ray was in a city completely on his own. Some would say this was probably one of the most scary things to happen. the very idea of Ray being on his own.?Before leaving the inn to search the streets, the Inn keeper had stopped him.

"Sir, I'm sorry to ask but, will you be staying a few more nights? If so, I will need to take the payment now, as you can see we will be really busy in the next few days as more visitors come in." The little girl asked.

Ray looked around and soon realized that he had left his money with the boys as well. So instead he opted up his hand and handed the girl two intermediate crystals he had gotten from the arena.

"Is this okay for now, I have yet to exchange them?" Ray replied.

"This is more than enough, thank you, sir." The girl bowed down and quickly left to go fill in her sheets of paper.

Even if Ray didn't have money, he had the crystals he had obtained from the fights he could exchange for coin, and he still had the king tier crystal as well, but he would have rather used that to turn into a nice piece of equipment. But he didn't have enough money to pay for someone to do the process in the first place. The others had the money for that, so for now he would just have to keep it on himself.

After paying for the rooms of he went to look for the guys and girls himself. It was a rather unusual style for him, but all he could do was to use his dragging eyes and at the same time ask people from the inns and tavern if they had seen anyone.

The conversation was unusual, to say the least, with a few people even shunning him for how direct and rude Ray seemed to be, and it turns out Ray wasn't the best at giving descriptions.

He would pull random people facing them towards him, with no introductions, and went straight to the point.

"Have you seen a bald headed man, who has an annoying voice, with a blonde handsome boy when comparing them to normal human standards?"

"What, who the hell are you! Screw off!" The man said.

But Ray would then grip them even tighter than his hand was held against their forearm, the pain could be seen on the man's face.

"Hey, sent that the contestant from the arena!" Another shouted, spotting him.

"Yeah, it is. He was just fighting a second ago."

Not liking the attention, Ray let go of the man's hand and went looking elsewhere.

Eventually, he decided to rest at one of the inns sitting down, trying to gather his thoughts on just where they could be and what to do from here.

'Should I contact the others and let them send more people?' Ray thought. 'Or maybe just ask them all to come and start a war…'

The thoughts Ray was having now were more than dangerous, but he honestly didn't know what to do, or any better.

Then, suddenly, a man had come over and sat opposite him. When looking up it was an old man with black hair and a beard, which both were slightly grayed. It was Roki from the arena.

"I've been watching you for a while now and you seemed troubled," Roki said. "I guess that's why your performance was… unexpected to say the least."

Ray said nothing, he respected the man in front of him, but right now he had bigger problems.

"Look, I don't know what is going on but you seem young and I think you will be able to deal with it," Roki said. "I just needed to say what's on my mind, so feel free to listen if you wish. First, I want to thank you. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have been able to be where I am today."

"I had been stuck in my skills, not improving but not declining either. That was until I had met you. You were the first person to give me the competition I needed. It helped me improve, and I have gone beyond what I ever thought I would be capable of."

"I saw that you weren't; registered for the event tomorrow. I'm guessing that it's because of whatever is going on. However, tomorrow is the last day of the event. The arena will soon be preparing for the upcoming All kingdom tournament, so they will no longer hold it after tomorrow.

"That's why tomorrow, I will be taking part as well. If you can, I wish you will be there, for I have decided that it will be the day I take on the emperor tier beast. I want you to watch me, and I want to compete with you again."

If Ray wasn't listening before, he was listening now. The man in front of him sounded sincere and heartfelt. The warrior side of Ray felt touched, and right now more than anything he too wanted to compete.

But he had his friends to worry about.

While in the middle of his thoughts, it felt like he had heard the others speak to him. He could hear Kyle and Harry telling him, "Don't worry about us."

If it was one day, they could wait, right?

Roki got up from his seat and started to leave. He wasn't expecting an answer, but just as he was about to leave the door...

"I'll be there," Ray shouted. "And I'll take on the emperor tier as well."

*****

For MDS artwork and for updates, please follow on Instagram and Facebook: JKSmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 441: Panic takes over
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the research facility, the strange black liquid had been injected into nearly everyone there, apart from both Roy and Martha. The last person having been injected, was Slyvia.?It was now inside her body and it was a calculated risk that she was willing to take.

Her brother had managed to extract the liquid before from certain students, and the black liquid then seemed to be quite violent or at least was a stronger dose than what they were giving them right now.

Getting the injection would buy them the time they needed to find out what was happening here and leave the place at the same time. However, Martha and Roy never ended up getting their injections. After the liquid was injected into Slyvia, a loud bang was heard, and shortly after what seemed to be an emergency message.

Lights placed In the corner of the room were flashing red, but there was no siren heard where they were. However, sound through the facility could be heard.

"What's going on?" Someone asked.

"Are we going to be okay?" Another said.

"Everyone just calm down, please." The young male doctor said. "And remain silent… if you want to live." Was his next few words.

Although said at a quitter tone so the others couldn't quite hear him, Martha had done.

"Slyvia there is something serious going on at this place." She whispered.

The room had quietened down as they waited for more instructions. Another loud bang was heard, and shortly after the sound of both men and women were heard. Some in the room knew these sounds well.

It was the sound of a battle. The cries of fighting and moaning continued. At first, some of them thought it might have been the guards going up against some that wished to escape from the facility, but that soon changed when they heard the sound of a loud growl.

"A beast? Are they keeping beasts in this facility? What for?" Slyvia thought.

After the loud growl, it sounded as if the cries of pain had stopped. The guard who was in the room with them drew his sword by his side, and a couple of the others in the room did the same.

The scientists with the rest went to the back wall of the room. It was clear they were not fighters in all of this.

"Are we going to be okay?" A soft voice said.

Turning, Slyvia could see that it was a girl who looked to be a young teenager, and being held in her arms was what she could only guess was her mother.

"It's okay." The mother replied as she stroked her hair. "We are in the empire, they have the strongest army. It's why we decided to try to make a new life here in the first place."

The words were comforting, but they were hard for the kid to believe when her mother who was holding her continued to shake non-stop. This fear was passed down onto the little girl and her breathing started to become irregular, as she took deeper breaths, it felt like no air was coming in at all.

'Is she having a panic attack?" Slyvia thought.

The next thing, the women in the room started to panic.

"What's wrong. Wendy!, Wendy, are you okay?"

"I …can't…" Her vision was fading and her hands were moving, towards her throat.

"Somebody help!" The mother started to shout

"Shut up!" Another person shouted as he hit the mother across the face. Fear had taken over most of them. They were afraid that the cries would attract the beast outside to them.

"Can't you have a look at her?" Martha said, pulling on one of the doctor's sleeves. "You're a doctor right?"

The young man looked at the girl who was now on her knees."I'm sorry we're not real doctors or scientists." The man replied. "We are just hired and given a script to follow. To improv once in a while. I don't know if I can do anything."

While everyone just continued to watch, Sylvia couldn't; she went towards the girl who was on the floor and laid her with her back up.

"I want you to breathe with me slowly, okay. Try to match my breathing." Slyvia said, unsure whether the girl was able to comprehend what she was saying.

But the girl nodded and tried to follow. Then Slyvia placed her hand on the girl's chest and a warm feeling was felt inside her. A strange energy was entering through her, and she started to feel calm. With the feeling, she was able to slow down her breathing, matching it with Sylvias. The mother seeing this had a smile on her face.

"They aren't ordinary after all. They can even use Ki to this level." Roy thought.

Slyvia when she was at the academy spent some time in the medical club. There were many techniques she had learned and had dealt with all types of patients. So it wasn't the first time she had done something like this.

The only reason why she had hesitated for a while was because she was sure the guards in the room could also use Ki. If they knew, she could as well. They would probably keep a closer eye on her. But the guards had seen nothing, for they hadn't even cared about the people in the room for a second.

Instead, they were focused on the two doors that led to the room. From the back wall there was a door on the far right, and one on the left.

*Bang

Suddenly the right door had a large dent made in it, at the same time everyone had screamed.

"Shut up!" The guard shouted.

But there was another bang, and the dent had only gotten bigger in the door. Finally, a third bang was made, and the door flew open. Into the room, a large looking four-armed gorilla had entered.

It had black fur as such and walked in on its four arms, with its fists covered in blood, but there was something even stranger about it.

"It's infected by the shadow," Roy said.

The purple in its fur and the look in its eyes were dead giveaways.

'Is the facility doing research on the beasts as well?' Slyvia thought. 'Or was this how they were extracting the shadow and getting it in the first place.'

The beast in front of them would have usually been an intermediate beast, but due to it being infected, it would have the power of an advanced tier beast.

The three guards spread out and started to surround the beast with their weapons drawn. Seeing one of them, it hoped towards the guard with all four of its fist. It grabbed the sword with its bare hand with the first. Then with its other two, it grabbed the guard by the waist.

"It's got me, come quick, help me!' The guard shouted, but it was too late.

With its last arm free, it punched the guard in the stomach. It had completely shattered the beast armor he was wearing and the fist had dug into him.

These guards weren't meant to deal with beasts. They were here just in case the people were out of control. The people who had no weapons.

The two were frightened with fear, and it wasn't long before the gorilla beast had killed the next one as well. The last guard while he was being dealt with decided to run back to the group of people. He knew he stood no chance, so his only hope was that he would let others die before him and wait for the real guards to show up and deal with the beast.

Both Martha and Slyvia looked at each other. Neither of them had their weapons, and Martha couldn't transform in front of this many people. But if they sat here and did nothing, then people would die.

The gorilla turned and looked at the group of people towards the back. Suddenly everyone started scuffling out and pushing each other to the front of the group. Trying to save their own lives.

"Here, take her." The guard said as he grabbed the young, weak teenage girl by the wrist and threw her onto the floor in front of the beast.

She got up, and her eyes met with the crazed beast, and she was frozen in place.

"If you are not going to use that, then give it to me!" Slyvia said, hitting the guard across the face with a punch and grabbing the sword in the process.

She ran forward; she wasn't going to let the girl die.

The gorilla's fist had come down and all Slyvia could do was throw the sword. Seeing this it had caused the gorilla to slightly pause as it hit the sword away, but it had been cut by the sword in the process. It was unexpected for the beast.

Grabbing and holding the girl, Sylvia wished to dart away, but she had been grabbed by the ankle.

"Sylvia!" Martha shouted, wishing she had her bow right now, to save her, but she did not.

The fists were prepared to be slammed down by the beast again, preparing to kill both of them. Only this time, before they had landed. A red ball of fire had come out hitting the gorilla sending it back.

"What am I even doing?" Roy said with his palm outward.

*****

For MDs Updates and artwork follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

Manga is coming out soon that will be available on P.A.T.R.E.O.N : jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 442: Join the team
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"A mage!" Someone from the group of onlookers shouted.

A mage was a rarity in the current world, so much so that usually if a person was one, they would be set for life. They could pretty much enter any kingdom as long as their power wasn't next to nothing and earn an easy living there and the empire was no different.

Even they had their team of mages and were welcoming to anyone who showed an ounce of magical talent. That was how sought after the mages were. Which made them start to wonder what was a mage possibly doing in a place like this.

Whatever the reason was, they were just happy that he was here and they thought that they now stood a chance of beating the beats or stalling it long enough for help to arrive.

However, Roy wasn't just any mage, he was a tower mage. One of the four greatest mages at Roland academy, or was one at least. But he couldn't use his full power here. There were two reasons for this. It was clear the facility was up to no good.

Right now he already had eyes gawking at him and in awe of his magic powers. But if he was to display an even greater degree of magic, there was the possibility they would use him for something else in this place.

The beast proceeded to get up and Roy threw out two more fireballs, knocking it back down again. It did minimal damage, but the force was enough to knock it away. During this time, Slyvia had picked up the girl and brought her back to her mother.

The guard she had hit from before was still on the floor, using his hand to cover the mark on his face. If it was any other time, he would have been raging with anger for what the women had done. But right now, Slyvia had her sword, and she was faced ready to fight the beast.

He felt a strange power in her and felt like if they wanted to live in this situation, they needed her alive.

The gorilla had gotten up once more and as usual, Roy threw out fireballs again, not wanting to show his arsenal of fire skills. Only using the most basic of spells. But the beast was learning and it immediately rolled as it got up from the floor avoiding the attacks, the next second it had charged towards Slyvia again.

'She'll be okay.' Roy thought.

Waiting for the right moment, as if a bull was charging towards a red piece of cloth, as soon as it hopped forward to deal a blow, she spun off to the side and attacked the beast through the stomach. But the blow was shallow.

"Damn it, I'm not as strong as the others," Slyvia said. She knew she wasn't.?While her friends were dealing with the troubles of the outside world, she had been in the council seat. Her skills hadn't deteriorated, but during this entire time, she hadn't gotten any stronger either.

A shallow cut like this was all she could really do with the equipment in her hand.

Due to the shallow wound the gorilla turned and went in for another attack, swinging its fists widely. The attacks were parried away until one of them grabbed onto her forearm. It gripped tightly, hoping to render it useless.

Then, right where the gorilla's arm was, a swing from a sword came down cutting one of the gorilla's arms off.

"Leave it to me, Slyvia!" Martha said. From one of the other dead guards she had picked up their weapon and was now using it herself. She had more Ki at her disposal than Slyvia due to the beasting process, and she also had her wind magic to help her as well.

The only problem was, swordsmanship wasn't really her forte. If she was to attack the beast, she feared it would simply dodge and she didn't know how to begin to deal with all those attacks. However, she saw an opportunity when one of the arms had grabbed onto Slyvia.

Lacing the edge of her sword with the wind magic and her Ki, she was able to create an incredibly sharp weapon that was capable of cutting the gorilla.

The beast cried and growled in pain once more, and before Martha knew it, she had been hit and whacked to the side, sent flying through the air and across the room.

Slyvia hadn't listened to what she said before. She saw an opportunity, and she was going to take it. The most vulnerable time and the best time to attack was when someone was attacking. That was when they would let their defense down.

Thrusting her sword forward she aimed slightly left of the chest, hoping to pierce the heart. She used her keen senses to make sure there was a heartbeat present there, and aimed to kill the beats in one blow.

It may have had the power of an advanced tier, but its body was still only that of an intermediate tier. She just needed to gather power.

'I need to give it everything I have. Somewhere, anywhere, just give me power.' She thought.

Then, one of her eyes started to slightly fill with black, mixed in with Ki, a dark sinister energy had joined it. She certainly felt more powerful and was disregarding where it was coming from and at that moment. She had stabbed the beast right in its heart.

It let out one last growl before eventually falling to the floor.

Martha was hurt but her body was stronger than most. She had looked up at Slyvia during the fight and could have sworn she sensed something. Right now she could only see her back though. Standing up, she walked over.

"Slyvia, you did it… is everything okay?" Martha asked.

The sword was dropped to the floor and Slyvia turned around, looking like her usual self. There was no difference in her appearance or the aura around her.

"I'm fine, what about you? You were the one that was hit." Sylvia replied.

The room was suddenly filled with guards that looked more appropriate to deal with the beast. They had better armor, better equipment all around over their body. In total, there were five of them. The one who stood at the front was a man named Garn.

Garn could see the group of frightened people, including the guard, stood at the back against the wall, while three others in medical clothing stood in the center of the room with the beast dead.

"Report back, tell them the beast has already been dealt with," Garn said to one of the men, and he immediately left the room.

"You, also find out how they managed to make another slip out. They seem to be getting more frequent and frequent. If this happens again, then they need us in the research facility rather than on call." Garn ordered.

The people were told to wait inside and the frightened guard was taken out along with the scientists. A clean-up crew had entered cleaning the room and the people had eventually calmed down.

After a short while, Garn had returned with the usual guard by his side instead of his own men. "You, you, and you." Garn said, pointing at them. "I hear you saved these people's lives. We would like to thank you. Do you mind going for a little walk?"

It didn't feel like they had much of a choice in a facility such as this one. What would even happen if they said no, but Sylvia was the first to volunteer standing up.

"I would love to."

So the other two decided to follow. Garn walked with the two regular guards by his side and the other three were behind him. They had gone on to the second floor of the facility.

"As you can expect, this place doesn't just do testing on humans, but we are doing so on the beast as well. To defeat the shadow, we must learn everything we can about the place." Garn started to explain. "The problem is, the better results come when a subject is infected more than ever with the shadow. We feel like we are close. Incidents will start to happen more frequently as we progress and honestly, we are down on manpower."

"I heard from the scientist and the guard form before, you three aren't ordinary people. A fire mage, and two Ki users. Most likely great adventures. I wanted to ask you three if you would be willing to join our team. Help prevent events such as this one. You will be given a good wage, and you will have a couple of days off to explore the city."

Hearing this, Roy's eyes had lit up with excitement. This was what he had dreamed off. It was the whole reason he had come to the city. Another job and a way of living. Due to Garn's explanation, his fears from before had vanished as well.

However, the same couldn't be said for the girls. Something still felt off and she knew her brother wouldn't be investigating such a matter if it was a simple as this.

They had then entered, a certain room, it was white like the one they were just in before but with the others. "Why don't I give you time to think about it," Garn said walking back out of the room and the door was shut. Leaving the three of them inside.

"Did we just get locked in here?" Martha asked.

Outside the research facility, in the strange settlement. There were two new arrivals tonight.

"Alright, let's go find those girls," Kyle said with a smile.

*****

For MDs Updates and artwork follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

Manga is coming out soon that will be available on P.A.T.R.E.O.N : jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 443: The last event day
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Waking up in his room, the bed next to him was completely empty. The sheets had been made by the maid yesterday and this morning they were still untouched.

'It feels quiet today.' Ray thought.

It was a strange thing for one to say, for the sound of people talking and the sound of carriages going past were heard outside. Even noise from downstairs in the restaurant was heard. But it had been a while since Ray was completely on his own, like he was today.

As soon as he woke up he checked the system to see if their names could still be seen. Whenever he checked them, his heart would thumb slightly louder, however after seeing their names it would settle down once again.

Whenever communication with the system didn't work, it would mean his other abilities often wouldn't work with them either. Ray was unable to teleport by their side, give or take mana from them. On top of being unable to send them messages.

There had been cases like this a few times before. Some of the reasons could be like so. The first being if Bliss was in trouble, the divine being. She was the creator of the system and it was partly linked. However, Ray thought this couldn't be the reason.

If it was, then his system wouldn't have worked with anyone. Yet, it was still working to send messages back to the Redwing base. He had even asked if Bliss was okay, and their response was yes.

The other thing was a lot more worrying. More so than likely it meant it was something to do with the shadow. Wherever they were, whatever they were doing, it was blocking out his abilities. Knowing this, Ray promised himself after today, he would turn this city up and down to look for them.

'Or was the saying upside down?'

But before that, he had some unfinished business to attend to.

Heading to the arena, Ray could hear and see people looking and speaking about him. It was the last day of the event so the arena made sure to promote it like crazy. After today, the arena would be used and focused on the upcoming all kingdom tournament.

Ray would get to the arena a little earlier, as the contestants were asked to beat the crowd, but today there were already a few people standing outside. Twelve to be exact, each with a different symbol on their clothing.

They were the participants of the all kingdom tournament and were the ones that had met with both Kyle and Harry in the tavern yesterday. After witnessing what happened on the screen, they came to see the possible contender in person. They also wanted to witness today's fight, seeing if they could get any information on this Nes person as well as Roki.

However, Ray hadn't noticed them at all. His head was down and he was completely focused on the task ahead of him.

Savana and Bob stood side by side. She looked at the man carefully as she was the one who had won the gold coins from Kyle, and by her side was her partner Bob, the large man with an axe on his back.

In truth, Savana had come today hoping to meet the bald-headed man from yesterday. She couldn't stop thinking about the set of skills he had displayed that day. She was sure of it, while the man in front had raw power. The other one was more skillful, he had to be the trump card the Redwing kingdom was hiding.

With his skills, he too could have entreated the tournament, but it was obvious that they chose not to, to hide him.

Disappointed that he hadn't come, she felt like all they could do was watch. After all, they would be facing this guy as well.

However, her partner, Bob, was more interested in the man in front of them.

"You looked pretty strong yesterday," Bob said. "I'm hoping you can put on the same display today so we can earn some good coins!" He chuckled.

The footsteps continued and Ray's head continued to look at the floor. He was on autopilot, taking one step at a time.

"Is he ignoring me, is there something mentally wrong with this guy?" Bob asked, looking at the others. They didn't know what was going on either, but clearly the man was acting strange.

"Hello!" Bob shouted, now standing in front of his path.

Suddenly, Ray felt his body hit against something large.

"Sorry," Ray replied, noticing it was a person, and altered his path slightly to walk around him.

'This guy!' It had only frustrated Bob more and for a large man, he quickly moved again, swirling around and appearing in front of Ray once more.

"Hey we ain't some nobodies, alright!" Bob said. "Not like those friends of yours."

"Friends?" Ray said. For the first time, he had lifted his head and noticed all the people around him.

"Yeah, that bald-headed friend of yours. He was so sure yesterday that you were going to take on the emperor tier beast. We took every single gold coin he had." Bob said with a smile.

Savana could tell what Bob was trying to do, to get the person to lash out. Perhaps show some skills, but her thought was only half right.

Bob thought that if he could get the person in front of him to fight a little, he could perhaps injure or tire him out before his fight today. Then there would be a clear winner in today's event. The gold they had made yesterday could be doubled once again.

He would never have to work a day in his life and returning back to the kingdom he could live like a king.

Hearing these words, bald-headed man, Ray could only think of one person.

*BANG

A loud noise was heard, it had happened so fast no one knew what was happening, but all they could hear was a sudden scream from Bob. He had felt a huge pain in his foot.

Ray had instantly slammed down his own foot onto Bob's, causing a crater and crushing it into several pieces. He hadn't held back a single bit at all. His foot continued to stay on top of Bob's; he wasn't going to let this man go.

The next second, he pulled Bob's head down towards his own, as he was a few inches taller than himself, and he had dug his fingernails right into Bob's neck. Blood was now starting to seep from the sides.

"Tell me, where are my friends," Ray asked. He didn't shout these words, he spoke them softly and calmly. His eyes, they almost didn't even look alive.

Bob tried to lift his head up, he tried to move his foot but he could do neither. The only thing he could do was try to punch the man in front of him to let go with his hands free, but the second he had moved.

A searing heat could be felt on the back of his neck, and it was entering his body. It was a pain he had never felt before in his life. It was too much and he was unable to do anything.

"If you don't tell me where they are. I will boil your blood from inside out." Ray said, and this time his eyes were glowing red. Ray was ready to use Dragon's truth on the man to get his answer, but that's when he noticed.

He had been surrounded. All of the all kingdom tournament members were now around him with their weapons drawn.

"Let him go!" Savana cried. "This is too much." She was at a bit of a loss for words, unsure about what to actually do. She thought that maybe a fight would break out, but something had to be wrong. Bob couldn't even move. She had no clue the pain his body was feeling right now.

"We shall fight in the all kingdom tournament." A man said. "There is no need for us to get physical out here."

"If you refuse to listen." Another young righteous looking blonde man said. "Then we will have no choice but to all stop you from hurting that man. I know this isn't fair, but you attacked him out of nowhere."

Ray looked around and gauged all of their auras for a second. There were eleven of them, they were strong and it would be a tough fight if he was to try to take them all on here.

[King tier crystal consumed]

[26/100 points]

Consuming the crystal a new strength was added, and he felt stronger than he was before.

"If none of you tell me where my friends are," Ray said. "Then I will bury every single one of you right here."

He was ready to fight them all.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 444: Starting a war?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two girls along with Roy were trapped in the white room. There was absolutely nothing inside and it was square shaped with only the door in front of them. It was safe to say that the door was possibly made of glathrium.

When they had first entered the room, Slyvia had noticed a few things in the room. Although the walls were white, they weren't perfect. There were scratch marks all over the place. Pieces of dry blood in some areas and the same could be said for the door in front of them.

'Is this one of the rooms where they keep the beasts?' It was clear that it was most likely. If a beast with their strength wasn't able to break one of these doors, they all stood no chance.

They had no equipment and only their bare hands. Sylvia couldn't imagine any human breaking it down. On second thoughts there was one person she could imagine.

The three of them searched and searched trying to find a way out, but it just seemed like it was impossible.

"I think we're trapped in here." Martha finally spoke as she sat down on the floor, huffing as she had given up and her feet were starting to feel sore.

"You mean everything they said was a lie!" Roy was angry. "They don't really want to make us guards."

"Maybe we saw too much." Sylvia replied. "Maybe we weren't meant to see the beast that they kept here."

"Okay, I understand that." Roy replied. "But then wouldn't it be easier to just silence us?" While in this room, even with his powers, there wouldn't be much he could do. Which is why if he was outside he would have at least had a fighting chance to leave such a place.

In the end, he too had given up and chose to sit down in his frustration.

'Sorry about this." Sylvia said looking at Roy. "It was our fault for getting you into this mess."

"You're right, I don't know why I even followed you guys in the first place…" But he stopped himself for a second. No, it wasn't the girl's fault. He had been experiencing a run of bad luck ever since he had met that Nes person.

Maybe he had done some bad things in his life to experience this karma, but he thought saving these girls, something good might have come from it.

"The reason for keeping us here, it's a research facility. So maybe they plan to use us as research subjects." Slyvia said.

This certainly set the mood for them all. If that was the case, then they had to open the door up at some point right, maybe that was their chance out of there.

The three of them continued to stay inside, they had no choice, and to stop themselves from going crazy they started to play a few games with each other.

Seeing how many animals they could name with the letter A, then moving onto fruit, and so on. This continued for a while and they didn't know how long they had spent in the room.

It was hard to tell when they were doing nothing. But they all felt their stomach's growl in hunger. The girls were especially hungry since they hadn't eaten the food when they first arrived here either.

"If they want to use us as experiments, they can't just starve us to death, right?" Martha asked, worried.

It didn't make sense at all, and with nothing to do, they eventually all fell asleep. When they woke up, no change had happened. No one had come to speak to them, and nothing was different. Apart from the thirst for water and hunger.

"I wonder if a whole day has passed?" Sylvia mumbled to herself.

"Are you trying to figure out how long we are going to survive in this hellhole?" Martha asked as she was rubbing her hands against the walls, seeing if there was anything she had missed yesterday.

However, Slyvia was biting her fingernails thinking about something else. "No, I'm worried about a certain person."

Suddenly, things got a little interesting for Martha, as she stopped looking and turned around. "Is it Ray?" Martha asked.

'It is, but not for the reason you're thinking." Slyvia replied. "If Ray can't find us and we go missing for a few days, what do you think he would do?"

The thought had gone into her head, and she gulped out of fear. "He would start a war with the empire until he found us."

Roy, who was listening to all of this, started to laugh.

"Are you guys crazy, who in the right mind would ever start a war with the empire? Who even has the power to go up against them?"

He just couldn't believe what these girls were saying. He saw their skill and saw their equipment. Maybe they were here for the all kingdom tournament and thought themselves as skillful warriors. They were pampered by their kingdom and told they were the best.

But even Roy knew, with the position he was in. The empire had strong people. Scarily strong people that could have taken out the intermediate tier beast with ease.

"You wouldn't understand." Slyvia said. "It isn't whether or not, he thinks he would win or lose. That man will do anything for those close to him."

He could tell the girls were serious about this and were getting a little sensitive, so he decided to keep his mouth shut for now. There was no changing their minds in what they believed.

Finally, though, something seemed to happen. Inside the room, on the door, a little flap had opened, and a small sized metal box was pushed through and fell to the floor.

Roy immediately got up and ran over to the container. The girls were a bit suspicious that maybe there was something inside, but it was too late for them to say anything as Roy had already opened it up.

He had thought they were finally giving them food or water, but instead all that could be seen were three needles with the strange black liquid inside.

"If you inject the needles, then we will provide you with food." A voice said. It sounded like it had come from a speaker from behind one of the walls.

The two girls didn't say a word and moved to the corner of the room and sat down together.

"Wait, aren't you going to take it? We'll die if we don't drink or eat soon." Roy said.

"You go ahead." Martha said. "We're not stopping you, but we're not going to give into their demands."

"I'm not saying I'll die here." Sylvia replied. "But I will wait until the very last second until I do anything."

Roy thought these two were crazy. They had already checked the room several times, and because of the flap, they weren't going to open the door anytime soon.

But judging from what they were saying, they weren't refusing to take the liquid, just refusing to take it until they had to. Just what were they waiting for?

Then his mind went to their conversation they had earlier.

'It couldn't be, are they expecting that guy to come and save them?'

Although Roy didn't believe in this mysterious person to come and get them, he was inspired by their strong will power. In the end, he too had put the container down, and went to sit himself.

"I won't be beaten by you two. If I'm the only one that gets to eat it wouldn't be fair now would it." Roy said.

The two girls smiled, however. Suddenly, an aroma started to fill the room. From outside they could smell something cooking. In an instant, Sylvia started to drop from Roy's mouth.

Just how long could this fool last, they both thought.

The two boys had entered the strange place, and they had been told the same set of rules as the girl. At first they were reluctant to give in their weapons but what choice did they have. When they first arrived, they knew they were in the right place. The reason why?

As soon as they had got here, they tried to send Ray a message, telling him to not worry and maybe they had found a lead, but the message didn't send. Their system wasn't working.

Knowing this, they knew they were in the right place. Their style of searching though was completely different from the others.

As Kyle immediately got to work.

"What are you doing!" Harry called out.

"What, this wasn't against any of the rules they told us." Kyle replied.

"Have you happened to see a blonde girl, and brown haired girl together here. They should be around our age." Kyle asked.

Kyle was going around asking everyone about the girls, not caring who saw him or not.

"Boss, it seems like there are a couple of guys looking for those girls." One of the guards said.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 445: Making some noise!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two boys continued to go around the settlement, and Kyle continued to pay no attention to those around him. It wasn't that no one had the answer, but most of the people had no clue who Kyle was talking about.

The main reason being, the girls were only there for such a short amount of time. A lot of the people there preferred to mind their own business and had no such interaction with the girls.

While they continued to ask, Harry was making note that they were starting to get a lot of attention and it was from the wrong type of people. He could see the guards stationed everywhere whispering and talking to each other while looking in their direction.

However, Harry didn't know whether this was really a good thing or not. Perhaps it would be a quicker way for them to find the girls.

"Yeah, I saw them." A man finally replied.

'Really!" Kyle said, surprised that his plan had worked. He had been going around asking blindly and most of the people here were giving him the cold shoulder.

"The last time I saw them, they were bothering the man that used to live there." He pointed.

"Used to?" Kyle replied.

"He's out of here. He requested to leave and I saw them take him away not too long ago."

Stomping his foot on the ground out of frustration, it looked as if their one and only lead had disappeared. The man they were talking to just seconds ago eyes widened, and he had suddenly gone back to his room.

"What was up with him?" Kyle thought.

When the two boys turned around, they were greeted by a few of the guards with a nice smile. Harry knew something like this would happen sooner or later. All they could do now was go along with the flow.

"We saw that you two young boys looked quite strong.' The guard said.

"That we are." Kyle replied with a smug smile.

The guards were thinking this was all too easy. They were right about their initial thoughts.

"You see, the research centre is looking for some strong people for a new test they're about to do. While you're here, you will need to do a test once in a while. So you might as well get it over and done with now." The guard said. "I heard there are also some extra rewards as well for completing this one. I just thought I should give you two a heads up, let you know before they post it on the bulletin board over there."

To Harry's surprise, after telling them this little bit of information the two guards walked away without saying anything else.

"Well what do you think?" Kyle asked.

"About what?" Harry replied.

"About what they were talking about. Do you think it's a trap? Maybe they did the same thing to the two girls before. Come on, you must have noticed everyone looking at us when we were asking about the girls. This place is extremely fishy. Like fish left out in the open air on a summer day fishy.???

"I thought you were meant to be the master white knight. I thought you would have at least noticed this much."

Harry was stunned, absolutely stunned. Of course he knew that, he just wasn't aware that the whole time Kyle knew that as well.

'I guess there was a reason why he was chosen to replace Monk as the black sash master knight after all.' Harry thought.

"There's nothing else we can do, we have no leads. It's the only thing we have." Harry replied.

It was decided, the two of them would venture into the research lab. When they had entered the facility, it appeared as if some of the guards recognised them. For as soon as they had entered, a few of them started whispering to each other.

They tried to be discreet about it, but for trained knights such as Harry and Kyle, it was easy for them to spot. When they eventually turned up at the desk, the person behind the counter had given them a different list compared to the others.

Usually the list would have different clinical trials one could do. But this one had only one option on it.

"Unfortunately all the slots for the other trials are filled up now, but we were told beforehand that someone offered you a more practical one. So we left these last two spots for yourselves." The pretty girl behind the desk said. She had a sweet smile behind her face.

Harry felt disgusted, that they would use such an innocent looking person to fool people. 'Things like this don't actually work, do they?'

However, once again he was proven wrong as his partner was blushing with a red face.

"We'll take it." Kyle answered.

"Hey hey," Harry whispered, pulling him in close. "Are you sure about this? It's clear that they made this trial just for us. I was fine if we were going to go in just like everyone else, but I have a really bad feeling."

"Stop being such a wimp." Kyle replied. "Do you think Ray would refuse to do such a thing?"

Harry thought about it for a second. If Ray was here, he probably would have ignored everyone in the facility and marched right in looking for the girls.

With their petty disagreements over, they were led into what appeared to be a plain white room. There was no one else inside, but the door was left wide open. It made them feel like they could leave at any point and time.

"We'll be back in a second." One of the doctors in a white lab coat said, as he went off.

"So, what do you think they're doing here?" Kyle asked.

A few moments later though, and the door was slammed shut.

Harry let out a big sigh and was shaking his head.

"Why do I let you make me do the stupidest of things?"

Strange mechanical sounds were being made, and as the two listened carefully they could tell that it was coming from directly beneath them. Part of the white flooring started to open up, and pushed to the top a strange looking beast had appeared.

"Duck!" Harry shouted, as he dived to the floor.

"Duck? But that's a frog."

In an instant, the frog had whipped out its tongue, aiming to attack the two of them. Before it had completely come to the top, Harry could sense something was wrong with the beast, and he could tell it was infected by the shadow.

The tongue wrapped around Kyle's forearm, and then using all it's force tried to yank him towards him. His arm was pulled a few inches until it had suddenly stopped.

"You're going to have to be a lot stronger than that to stop me." Kyle said, as he focused his Ki, pulling on the tongue and moving the frog through the air towards him.

While it was mid air and defenceless, Harry saw this as his chance. From the floor, he jumped up like a spear and uppercutted the frog right in the stomach. The force was strong and it flung the frog into the air, with green liquid shooting out of its mouth.

The frog's tongue was still attached to Kyle's forearm and continued to pull it to himself. When it was finally close enough, Kyle had focused all his strength into his fist and had punched it with his bare hand. The large frog was no longer moving and was dead.

"It seems like these two are quite strong indeed." A man was watching them through a camera that was hidden in the room. He had seen the two defeat the intermediate tier beast that was infected with their bare hands. "I wonder where these people came from, and what exactly they are doing here."

"Should we send in the advanced tier, sir?" The man sitting at the control desk asked.

"No, let's not waste any time, I can tell they will defeat it. Let's put in a king tier infected beast for them." The man said.

The other man at the control desk gulped. For he was worried that maybe another incident would happen. Still he followed his orders.

Once again, the two could hear the sound of movement coming from below. This time they were both prepared for whatever was to come at them.

However, when they met with the next creature, they knew that with no weapons and just the two of them it would be a huge challenge.

"Harry!" Kyle shouted. "I think it's time for us to make as much noise as we can. Maybe Ray will find us then."

Harry was a little confused by what Kyle was suggesting, but then he saw it. Kyle was no longer holding back. He was transforming into his beast form and Harry soon followed after.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 446: Snake and a Turtle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A truly ugly looking beast was staring them in the face currently. Its bottom half of its body was like that of a bug, with its four legs attached to the ground, but then its upper body was upright. On its upper body it had four limbs. From the shoulder, to the elbow and at the end it had blades for hands, similar to a praying mantis.

Its mouth was open slightly and hundreds of sharp razor teeth could be seen with a green liquid spewing out from it. Finally, on its head, it had two large red circular eyes of a single color, which made it somehow look even more menacing. Its body color was a mixture of blue shell with a slight brown underbelly.

The two of them knew this beast was infected as well, which made Harry think. He now had an idea of why the girls had decided to come here. Possibly there was the presence of the shadow being present in this area.

No, that wasn't right, the empire must be using the shadow.

The beast wasn't too large in size, it was only a little bigger than themselves, but they could tell from the presence it was giving off it would be a hard one to beat.

With no weapons of their own, there was only one thing they could do, transform into their beast forms.

The beast swung its blades towards Harry who was closer, but he was a bit behind with what Kyle had planned. He didn't know whether they were going to hide their forms or not. Even though it would only take a second to transform, it seemed like even taking a second to turn, would be the end of him.

The swings from the arm were fast, a lot faster than Harry had anticipated. Even though he could sense and see the attack coming and had moved before. The tip of the bladed hands had scratched across his chest and blood was already starting to drizzle out.

He dodged again and, each time being cut in the process. Finally, his back had hit against the wall. With nowhere to go but down ward he did, allowing for the blade to swipe past his head.

A whip like sound was made, due to the sheer speed the attacks were coming at.

'If only I had my weapons I could do something at least.'

There was the option to roll, but now on his backside, he knew he would be too slow. It went in for the finishing blow, and when it attacked a loud clunking sound was made. The blade from the beast rebounded and was lifted in the air.

In front of it now, was a bald headed human who had a torn shirt.

"Haha, fear the strength of the turtle!" Kyle shouted.

When selecting the beast crystals, there were only a few to choose from since the others got to pick first. Kyle was so upset by this he had picked a random beast crystal to use in the beasting process. For him, it was one of the turtles. After finding out what he had picked he was upset for days.

It was one of the easier beasts they had killed on their journey. Not only that, but he was hoping for something more offensive. But it wasn't all bad news, he found out when beasting, one area of his body hardened, in particular his back! However, it was only his back that was hardened.

He was unable to change the hardening area to wherever he wished, at least not yet anyway as a basic tier human beast hybrid. He also found he had an affinity with the water ability. But had learned no such skills.

So right now, all his beast form did was aid him with the ability to harden his back. Mixing that in with his Ki. He was able to stop the strike from the beast.

"OW!" Kyle shouted. "Why does it still hurt?"

Looking down, Harry could see a pool of blood by his feat. The attack had still gone through the hardening and Ki.

They thought from the look of things it was an advanced tier beast that had been infected. Making it have the power of a King tier, but its body wouldn't quite be at the same level.

Now, Harry was second guessing himself. It had to be a king tier beast that had the power of an emperor tier.

"Kyle, we can't win, not without our weapons!" Harry shouted, pulling Kyle towards him as the creature took another swipe.

"What do we do then?"

Harry looked at where he was just moments ago, and in the wall there was a clean cut. It wasn't just a scratch or groove. When the beast had missed and attacked him, his blade had gone straight through the wall.

"Come on!" Harry said, running towards the door.

"We can't break this, it's made of glathrium!" Kyle shouted.

"We can't, but it can."

The beast followed as expected. They were the only two things in the room. Then when it was ready to attack. Using everything they had, they had jumped to the side. A diagonal slash was made against the door, and the top half of the panel had fallen over to the other side.

'That's our exit out of here!" Harry shouted

Now transforming himself, small scales started to appear over his body, his eyes slightly changed shape as his pupil became narrow, and his tongue started to thin.

"Alright snake boy. You got this." Kyle said.

"Don't slow me down, turtle boy." Harry replied back as they both charged in at the same time.

Harry went out in front and the beast had tried to attack him, however his body was now more flexible than before. He was able to move his joints, avoiding all of the attacks, making them slip past him.

While Harry dealt with the creature like so, Kyle had jumped out the upper half of the door. When Harry was ready, he too slipped past all of the arms, and then made his way out towards the door.

Running was the only option they had now.

"Where do we go?" Kyle said.

"We need to get our weapons." Harry replied.

The two of them stopped, as they could see the beast wasn't following them. A loud bang was made as the beast charged through the remainder of the door opening it up. The red lights started beeping in and out, and the sirens alarm was played.

Right now, the two of them were down some type of hallway, with multiple doors similar to theirs that led to the same type of rooms. Opening its mouth wide, showing its teeth a loud wobbly cry was made. It sounded more like a loud screech, but loud enough for it to be heard throughout the facility.

Shortly after, several cries from the beasts all inside the other rooms were heard after as well. The beasts approached the first door, and used its bladed hand at it. A few seconds later after the door had fallen. A new beast was seen coming out.

"This beast…it has intelligence." The man said, watching from the control room. This was bad. They needed help immediately.

Inside the room where Roy and the girls were, they were still hungry with their belly's growling but not one of them had decided to give in to the temptation of the food yet. Although Roy had gotten up several times and picked up the syringe, not once did he inject it into himself.

Seeing how much Roy struggled with his natural urges to give in, the girls could see he was a good man. They were happy they were locked in with him and not some strange person.

Then, they too had heard the large cry from a strange beast. The sound had reached even them who were on the second floor. The sirens had gone off, and the sound of numerous guards' footsteps were heard as they ran past their doorway.

"What's going on, was it another break out form a beast!"?Martha asked, that's when she noticed that Slyvia was leaning over still on the floor. Grasping at her belly as if she was sick.

"Are you okay?" Martha asked.

'I don't know, something inside me. It's reacting to that beast's call." Sylvia said.

She stood up slowly from the ground and when Martha had gotten close, her hand was slapped away. Slowly she walked over towards the door. She looked at the container below, and before Martha realized what was about to happen. It was too late to stop it.

Slyvia picked up the syringes from the suitcase and injected all three of them into her arm. Giving her more of the shadow's strange power than before.

"Slyvia!" Martha cried.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on Instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 447: Stronger then an Emperor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once again, Slyvia had fallen to the floor, only this time it looked like she had passed out from the sudden injection of the three syringes.

'Why would she do such a thing?' Martha thought, confused as she rushed over towards her. Then as soon as she was within attack range, something jolted in her body. A shiver ran down her spine, and every instinct was telling her to get away. She had paused for a second, not wanting to take a step further.

"What's wrong?" Roy asked. He was still at the back of the room. The only reason he hadn't quite run to her aid was that he was waiting to see what would happen. Who knows what was in those injections that they so desperately wanted them to take.

Now seeing Sylvia on the floor like that. He was thankful he didn't give in just for a small meal. However, a few seconds later, and it looked like she was starting to wake up. A few groans here and there and her arms started twitching.

"You're okay," Martha said with a smile.

Lifting her head up, Martha gulped she could see she was not okay at all. Her left eye no longer had any white in it, for it had completely been taken over by a purple shadow, and it looked as if it was starting to creep into the other side.

'No, is she becoming a true infected?'

"Hey, stand back," Roy said, as he finally got the courage to pull Martha back to where he was.

Sweat was heavily running down Slyvia's forehead, and she was gritting her teeth as if she was in great pain. Inside, she could feel that a force was trying to take over her.

'No! I won't let you!' Slyvia thought.

She could tell something wanted to control her. The fight and struggle continued back and forth. Slyvia now was screaming once in a while and pounding her fist on the floor.

"Did the liquid make her go mad!" Roy commented.

Martha couldn't take it anymore. No matter what happened to her, she needed someone by her side. Breaking away from Roy, she dashed over and was with Slyvia in seconds. The same dreaded feeling was being felt from Slyvia as she got close again, but this time she did everything she could to ignore it.

And then she went one further, grabbing onto Sylvia's hand.

"I know, I'm here sweetie. We all are, we can fix this." Martha said. "Ray will fix this."

Hearing Martha's voice and feeling her touch by her side, was only making her fight that much stronger. Then the mention of the name Ray, added to her determination. She wasn't going to let this thing win.

Finally, after a few minutes, the sweating stopped. There were no more groans of pain, and Martha could feel that her hand was no longer being squeezed.

"Thank you." Sylvia said in a soft calm voice with a smile.

But it wasn't all good news. When looking at her, Martha could still see that her left eye was still filled with shadows. Maybe they were able to suppress the shadow for now. But who knows when it would come back.

"Why did you take the injections, Slyvia, we still can't get out," Martha asked.

"Something, someone was telling me too."

"Who?" Martha asked.

"Something's coming," Slyvia said as she stood up, and placed Martha behind her back. Before taking a few steps back towards the door. A few screams were heard from outside, but it didn't take long for them to stop.

A few footsteps were heard from just outside the door, and finally, the door that looked to be almost unbreakable. It was pulled open. Standing there in front of the door was a human type beast.

Its body and head were like that of an ant, yet it stood on two legs and was standing just like a man. The girls could see it was infected, and the shadows around its body would imitate that of a true infected.

It looked towards the three of them in the room, then looked Sylvia in the eye. The two made eye contact, and not a single person had moved. All three of them in the room felt like they could no longer breathe.

They had never felt pressure like this ever before.

With a blink, the shadow ant had disappeared out of sight. The pressure was lifted.

"I can't believe we just survived that," Roy said. He now too was covered in sweat.

"What was that? Was it a beast, but it looked like a human, and a true infected at the same time." Martha asked.

"That, it was a beast, but not just any beats. Humanoid beasts are very rare. There in a class of their own. Most likely, that beast was even above the emperor tier, and it was infected on top of that. Even if I used all my strength. I don't think I would have been able to kill that thing." Roy explained.

Now that two girls truly released how lucky there were that the beast chose to leave them alone. The question was why, and the voice in her head from before. She thought it was coming from the shadow, but was it actually coming from the shadow ant.

Not wasting any more time the three ran out into the hallway, only to see a gruesome scene. The hallway was filled with blood, and around ten knights had been killed. There was no one left alive, and every single one of the doors were open.

Now out of the room, they could hear sounds a lot clearer. They could hear the sound of screaming coming from outside.

"Come on. Let's get out of here." Slyvia said.

Going through the research facility, they could see that it looked like every single knight, or guard was dead, including the doctors. They were starting to wonder if the Shadow ant had caused this, but when they arrived on the first floor.

They could also see some dead beasts there as well. Something had broken all the shadow beasts in the facility free. For every single one of the doors was open. They stood there for a moment, looking at the scene. The noise outside was heard again, which snapped their attention, and the three of them ran outside to what looked like a war scene.

The guards, the people were all busy fighting, running away or hiding from the beasts that had escaped from the facility. There were beasts of all sorts of levels. When looking around the three were trying to see if they could see the ant beast anywhere.

Most of the beasts were insect-based, and there were a few that looked like ants, but none that walked like a human or had the same amount of pressure emptying from it as the last one.

That's when they spotted two people they recognised.

"Hey, isn't that Kyle and Harry!" Martha pointed.

Martha knew their beast forms, so even though they looked a little different, she could spot them clearly. Right now, they both had people held in their arms, and were fighting the same, Mantic like beast from earlier.

Still, they had no weapons in their hands, and they were unable to hurt it. Their hearts were too kind, and they had tried to save some people from the onslaught before getting their weapons.

"You're friends are idiots like you two I see. The beast there fighting against looks strong. They'll die if they don't start thinking about themselves."

Before Roy could say anymore, Martha already was running off in a certain direction. The registration centre where their weapons were stored.

The two boys were still in thier beast form. It was only because of this they survived. When the beast had gotten out of the room. It continued to free the other beasts from the doors one by one. Kyle and Harry used this chance to leave the facility, only to find people getting hurt by other beasts infected by the shadow left and right.

They had saved many lives and had two people In their hands right now. But for some reason, the beast from before was hot on their tail after freeing their friends. It was going to finish them off before it attacked anyone else.

"Why does this thing hate us?" Kyle said, using his black sash footwork to avoid the strikes, but keeping up such things was trying. Harry had managed to find a couple of swords from the dead guards, but the second he tried using them, they had been in Half.

He wasn't even sure if his weapons would be able to last so long against a beast.

Finally, the two of them were tiring, and it looked like it would be the end. Even if they dropped the people, they had with them. They would be too slow for this beast.

Then, multiple objects went straight past their head, hitting the beats in the body. A fireball, and an arrow.

It had stopped the beast for a second, but still didn't do any significant damage.

'Come on, let's do this together." A voice that both of the boys recognised said. Putting the people down, they immediately ran away and when they turned. They could see the two girls and a strange man with them.

The first thing they did was hand both Kyle and Harry their weapons.

"If were are together, we should be able to take down that thing," Sylvia said.

Kyle, and both Harry noticed her purple eye, but they chose not to say anything. Right now, they needed to deal with the problem in front of them. The beast cried out in anger, with a vengeance to kill them all.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 448: Brocken Promise
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray's right hand was still holding tightly onto the back of Bob's neck. Applying a slight heat of fire magic every single time he would think about moving. In his hand was valuable information. He was the last person to apparently see his friends, so he wasn't going to let him go away that easy.

The others had waited long enough, the first one to charge in was at the young blonde man with the long sword. Not moving from his spot, Ray defended the blow with his gauntlet. Knocking the sword away. The hit was so heavy that the sword was plunged into the ground and was stuck. While there wasn't a single mark on Ray's gauntlet.

'What are those things made of?'

Before the young knight could even recover, a big foot had kicked him sending him flying across the floor.

"What crazy power! I guess he really did hit that king tier beast. I thought they might have just alerted what we had seen. Spiced it up with some magic, but that doesn't seem to be the case at all." One of the older warriors who were there said.

Two crossbows came shooting out from the side, fast, but these were simple for Ray to block. He wasn't even going to bother using himself. Instead, he gripped tighter into Bob's neck. Causing his blood to drip down his neck.

He lifted the large body with a single hand and moved it in front of the blots. They had pierced his large back and had gone through his strong beast armour.

"Ah! I'm sorry." The female warrior said. "I didn't think he would be so shameless."

The bolts that had been used were made from beast crystals, including the bow. They were of high quality which made the attack strong, piercing right through the thick armour that Bob was wearing.

Even Ray would have been affected if he had been hit by those.

Before he knew it though. Three of the other warriors had dashed in. One holding two short swords. An old man with a spear and lastly Bob's female partner Savanna came in with two daggers. All of these warriors specialised in close quarter combat.

As long as they saved the so-called hostage, then it would allow for the few ranged users that were there, to help with the attack.

The thought of using magic had come to Ray's mind, but then a reminder had come into his head. About how Slyvia had told him not to. Not unless they were planning to leave this place and Ray was still planning to take part in the all kingdom tournament.

Instead, he squeezed his fist tightly.

"It feels a lot better if I deal with the punishment directly anyway." Ray thought.

Seeing all three of them come towards him, and the skill they possessed, he could see where each one would move with their attack with his Dragon eyes. Thier Aura was practically emitting it to him.

The problem was, there was no way for him to avoid one of the attacks if he was to keep hold of Bob, and not use any of his magic. Either way, he needed to take one hit.

The spear was the first one to reach him being one of the longest reach. While Savana jumped up in the air, and another came from below.

"No matter what you do now, one of us will get you for this." Savana shouted.

But then unexpectedly. Ray didn't move from his spot at all as they expected him too. Instead, he allowed for the spear to pierce into his body. It had broken through the armour, but after going a few inches into his skin, it had stopped slightly.

"This man's body, it's solid. It's nearly as strong as a beast. What is this sorcery?" The old man said.

In the air, one attack was enough, at the same time, Ray stomped on the ground, causing a piece of it to rise up, blocking the path of the attack from below. Then while the other was in the air. Ray had channelled his Ki, throwing a fist outward.

"But his fist won't reach me from there." Savana thought.

It was strange, she couldn't understand why he had thrown out his fist so soon. With her two daggers, she had a reach advantage, even if he was faster and could block one, she could attack with the other.

When the fist hit the air, she thought he had simply miscalculated, but then the air started to move, a loud bang was heard as if a type of air barrier was broken. Before she knew it, she felt a large heavy thud in her stomach. Blood spilt from her mouth as she fell to the floor.

What Ray had performed was a Ki blast attack. Before in the past, Ray wouldn't use Ki as much as he was doing now. The reason being, Ki and mana were treated the same. If he used too much Ki, then he wouldn't have enough mana to perform his magic skills as well.

Now he no longer had to worry about that.

The other warriors had repositioned themselves, to get on the other side where Bob was. After all, there were eleven of them and only one of him. Even when fighting three at once they could see the man was suffering injuries. It encourged them, making them feel like they could defeat the man.

The more other warriors came in to attack Ray once again, and the old man had managed to pull his spear out using his own ki. When the two were ready to attack, the old man with his spear proceeded to do the same thing again, only this time. He chose not to go so deep. He had injured him before, and this time he would try a different method.

Once again, Ray decided the best choice was to take the upcoming attack. However, the old man allowed the spear to only go through the armour and slightly pierce the skin. Then right after, he would take the spear out, and stab continuously.

After Ray had delved a ki blast to the next two, he knew he needed to deal with the spear user, but the old man had anticipated this and decided to jump back. While he was holding onto Bob, it was hard for him to move.

Ray could twist and turn, but running after people was too much. Still, the old man looked at the floor, and could see four defeated warriors that were supposedly the best of the best from the other kingdoms. At the same time, he also had done all this while holding onto Bob.

Not only that, but he was fighting them all at once.

Now, Ray was bleeding quite heavily from all his punctures on his body. The blood being a slight red, but mostly dark as if black in colour.

In the heat of the moment, the old man didn't really notice it, but now when he looked at the tip of his spear. The blood was certainly darker than most.

"You….what are you?" The old man said in fear.

His eyes had met with Ray's, and a cold chill entered his body. His forehead started sweating. This man had yet to even show them everything he had. If he wasn't holding on to Bob. He had no clue how much longer they would last.

"What is happening here." A voice from the back said.

The old man didn't want to turn around to see who it was, he felt if he broke eye contact with Ray for a second, he would be devoured there and then.

However, the person naturally walked in front of him.

"Do you not remember our promise, young man." The person who was walking forward and who had spoken. Was none other than Roki from the arena. "You said we would fight the Emperor tier beast. Compete together, did you not?"

Roki looked at the young man in front of him. He was standing strong, but he was covered in wounds. He was more hurt than he looked. If he was to fight the emperor tier beast, he would need to do so in the best of conditions. A sad feeling entered his heart as he started to think that Ray would perhaps have to quit.

"Let him go!" Savana said, as she had regained consciousness from the blow before. "We don't know where your friends are. We saw them in the Flower tavern the other day. That's the last time we saw them!" She cried. "We just made a stupid bet, a stupid bet. Please just let him go."

Hearing that, and looking at Roki. Ray finally let go of Bob, who instantly fell to the ground. He was still conscious, but he refused to get up in front of such a monster.

Instead of walking towards the arena, Ray instead had turned around and started to walk back towards Roki. The other warriors who had yet to join in all drew their weapons out of fear.

When Ray finally met up with Roki he had few words to say.

"I'm sorry, I won't be taking part in this event. I have to save them." Ray said, and he was off running in the opposite direction.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 449: Black blood man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The others that had been hurt by Ray started to wake up from their heavy blows. The blows were strong but not lethal. Thanks to most of the beast gear they were wearing, they were saved from any fatal injuries.

Still, their injuries would need to be tended to as soon as possible for most of them. Especially if they wished to be in top shape before the tournament.

Bob was hurt the most out of everyone, but not physically. Savana could tell this, more than anything he had been affected mentally. While she was there to see if he was okay, other than the broken foot and a few shallow marks made on his neck, he actually wasn't hurt that bad.

Yet he continued to stay on the floor curled up in a ball. Shivering.

"Come on, let me take you to the medical centre," Savana said, but as soon as she would go to touch him -

"Don't move me!" He shouted. "I don't…I don't.." His body was shaking so much that his teeth were chattering against each other, making it hard for him to speak. "I don't want my blood to be boiled."

Savana didn't quite understand, but it must have been something the strange man had done when he had held onto him.

She looked around at the other contestants who were also limping or spewing blood from the Ki attacks. It was hard to believe that all of this was done by one person, and to the other kingdoms' strongest warriors.

'The Redwings might be even more dangerous than we first thought.'

Roki helped a few of the injured, placing his hand on them. He wasn't infusing them with Ki but instead helping their own Ki circulate around their body better. Speeding up the healing process allowed them to move with more ease and eliminate some of the internal injuries they couldn't see.

He hadn't seen Nes fight. He had come at the tail end of things, but he could tell they had been injured by a type of Ki attack and a powerful one at that.

The image of the multiple wounds appeared in Roki's head again. Nes was in no condition to fight. He was happy he had gone home. He would have been a fool to take on the emperor tier beast in the state he was in. He was happy that he had a smart head on his shoulders.

Now knowing that the others would all live, Roki walked towards the arena. "I will show you. Show you my determination."

When entering the arena, the crowd was disappointed as one of their new favourite contenders wouldn't show up for the fight. The people were greatly disappointed, and when the Roki had entered to do his first fight, it looked like some of them were going to leave.

The excitement of two people competing had gone, and if they were just going to see Roki kill the beasts up until the king tier again, they would be bored.

After Roki achieved his first kill with a single strike.

He lifted up his sword to make an announcement.

"Today, I will be fighting until the end," Roki said.

Those that were about to leave suddenly were interested in what he was about to say. What did he mean by this? It couldn't, could it?

"I will be taking on the emperor tier beasts!"

The crowd went into an uproar. More so than it had at any of the other events before. The cheering was so loud, it felt as if the very arena was shaking.

"This is excellent." The arena owner said. "Make sure he gets every bit of rest he needs."

Knowing Roki's intentions, the owner ensured that Roki would be in top condition for his fight. Instead of waiting for contestants to finish their bouts, they used the rotation method with all of them.

Allowing them to each fight one beast each before moving onto the next gave Roki the most amount of resting time.

Just like before, Roki could feel it. His body felt better than it had ever done so before. Each beast was killed, and not a single scratch was put on him. He knew today was the perfect day to compete with the emperor tier.

After defeating everything up to the king tier, it was finally time, time for Roki to take on the emperor tier beast.

"I'm ready." He said with a fierce look in his eyes.

Although Roki thought Ray had run away due to his injuries, it wasn't true at all. Right after he had dealt with the others, he suddenly felt a strong presence in the city. Even though it was quite far away, even with him being where he was, he could feel it.

It was the presence of the shadow. There was the presence of the shadow in multiple places all around the continent, and surely the Empire would be no different. But this one was powerful, and the Empire was known to be the furthest away from the shadow continent.

Not knowing why, or how it was here, he was sure of it. Somehow his system not working the way it usually did, was all due to this strange presence. He tried to send the others messages once more, tried to teleport by their side, but none of this had worked.

Ignoring his injuries, he decided to soldier on, running towards the strong power. His wounds were still bleeding greatly, and the more he moved the more they were starting to open up. The reason being was the attacks had been infused with Ki. With more Ki than Ray had experienced before.

The Ki had been laced on the tip of the spear, and it would alter his structure slightly when piercing him. Making it hard for him to heal from such wounds. Still, he was going to see what was going on, injuries or not.

Running through the city a trail of black blood could be seen following a certain man.

****

Now with each of them with their weapons in hand, it was a lot easier for them to fight against the beasts. Still, it was a difficult task.

Martha had been using her bow, attacking the beast around her. Every time someone would scream, she would be distracted and would choose to try to save as many lives as possible. As for Kyle, when swinging out his heavy chain and weight, the beast had received a few slashes to it.

It looked like it was faring well and Kyle hoped to tie it up. That was until the beast had cut the chain to pieces, causing it to fall to the floor.

'This… it's definitely an infected king tier at least." Roy said. "It has the strength of an emperor tier beast."

After seeing what had happened to Kyle's weapons, Harry was a bit fearful of what would happen to his own. So when deflecting attacks, he would make as little contact as possible with the majestic-like beast with four arms.

When looking at his swords, he could see that they were slightly chipping away.

"Just keep dealing it," Roy said. Roy, for some time now, had been gathering up a condensed powerful fireball. He knew out of all of them, he most likely had the strongest attack power there. Now wasn't the time to worry about being found out. This was a matter of life and death, and he needed to do something.

Harry and Kyle continued to distract the beasts, and whenever Martha would get the time, she would help out as well as for Slyvia. She was dealing with her own problems. Every time she would try to gather her own Ki to get in the fight, she could feel thatch was drawing a dark power into her from something else.

Because of this, she was being cautious about going in. Without the use of Ki, she wouldn't be helpful at all.

Most of the attacks were being deflected by Harry, while the other two were being used as a distraction. Martha's king tier weapon was able to hurt the beast, but with just using wind magic arrows, it was only enough to cause the beast to flinch a little.

Finally, Harry's two swords had given in, he deflected another attack, and his swords had shattered.

"Move!" Roy had shouted.

A large fireball bigger than any before had come out and hit the beast away for a few seconds. It didn't look like an ordinary fireball, for this was deep red in colour. It managed to hit the beast squarely in the chest, sending it back a few feet. A few seconds later, a large explosion of flames arose.

"That fire user is incredibly strong. Nearly as strong as Ray's ability. Who the hell is he?" Harry thought.

The group waited for the smoke to settle. They all looked nervously as they could see a shadow start to appear, and finally, the beast could be seen.

"No, no way!" Martha shouted.

The beast looked completely fine. Not only that, but it looked different from before. Strange shadows shifted covering the chest of the creature where the fireball had attacked. It looked like the beast hadn't been hurt by the mighty blow at all.

"It's like the true infected," Sylvia said. The ever-moving shadows, moving to where one would attack. It was the first time they had seen something like this on a beast.

With Roy using his most powerful attack, Sylvia out of the fight, and the two boys without any weapons, it all seemed hopeless.

However, as the last bit of the smoke started to disappear, another figure could be seen. When it all eventually went away, they could see someone's back, and below his feet, a very small pool of black blood.

It continued to run down the man's legs, only growing bigger.

"It's that man." Roy thought. "The one he had been following. The one known as Nes."

"Ray!" The others shouted.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 450: At the same time
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray continued to stand there unmoving. The others were confused, as he was standing in front of the beast, yet he was doing nothing. They were happy to see him, but if he didn't move soon or he underestimated the beast, then he would be in serious trouble. They knew the strength of the beast.

And it was as they thought. The beast wasn't just going to let someone stand there in front of it and do nothing. With two of its bladed limbs, the beast made a cross shape, hitting Ray with all its strength.

Raising his arms he had attempted to block the attack, but the strength of the beast was mighty, moving him across the floor all the way to the other side. When he finally had stopped, he stumbled slightly, falling onto one knee and had one of his hands on the floor.

"Ray, are you okay?" Slyvia asked.

Then they could see it, they all could see blood dripping onto the ground.

Both Harry and Kyle were worried. Just like with them, the beast was able to break through Ray's gauntlets. However, as they looked at him, the gauntlets were fine. He had king tier gauntlets on him whose main speciality was how sturdy they were. There wasn't even a scratch on them.

"Why is he bleeding then?" Harry thought.

On a closer inspection, they could see multiple puncture wounds. Something was able to go through his advanced level chest piece and they weren't just small wounds. He must have lost quite a bit of blood, and he was starting to wonder how long Ray had been like this for. What exactly had happened to him?

"He's coming!" Roy shouted, launching fireballs. But he had used most of his mana in the attack before. This time the beast didn't even flinch as it ran forward. The shadow surrounding its body covered every area, blocking the attacks.

"The fireball is too slow." Ray said as he managed to pick himself up from the ground.

"Ray, you're too hurt, let's leave this place." Martha said.

Ray then held out his hand, requesting something. Martha was a bit confused, and then suddenly she remembered something. She quickly gave him the bow to use.

[Please select the elemental ability you would like to use.]

Touching the king tier bow, it had given Ray the option to infuse any one of his elemental abilities, and he knew the right one to use. Infusing his magic, soon a blue arrow made of lightning started to appear.

It wasn't pure and would continue to move about widely, even shoving Ray back in the process. However, his gauntlets managed to absorb most of the pain and Ray could only feel a few tingles here and there.

Firing outward, three bolts of lightning quickly shot out from the arrow and hit the beast before the shadows could move. It had worked and the power of the king tier added to this, but it appeared to not do much damage at all.

Ray only had 5 points put into lightning due to how rare it was to find a lightning user. It was why he hardly used the skill in the first place.

He would have liked to create some clones of himself and fight alongside them, but he had used up a lot of Ki during his fight with the kingdom warriors from before. Because of all of this, there was only one thing he could do.

The beast was now close.

[Fire energy skill activated]

[Half of mana points have been consumed]

[Fire elemental attribute has been doubled: 200 ]

[Dragon's roar skill activated]

[All stats have been boosted]

A strange energy of those around him was felt in their bodies and there was a new found strength. His skills seemed to be working now, but he was low on mana. Which meant he would have to end this fight fast.

However, there was one other option. He could use the mana steel. The skill would allow him to consume mana of all those that were contacted.

"No, I will never use that skill again!" Ray shouted, now rushing forward.

[Activated Gauntlet skill]

Two red disk shapes came out from the top of Ray's gauntlets, and he had jumped in the air, hurling two fireballs towards the beast. Now they were at close range, the attacks would hit far quicker than before.

Still, the shadow was able to block the attack. The beast used its limbs as it attempted to slice at Ray. Using the red shields on his gauntlets, he hit them away to the side, burning them in the process.

There wasn't enough shadow to cover the large beast's entire body, like a true infected, and this was its weakness. While it was blocking the fireballs from above, Ray had a chance to injure it.

"Activate Fire blast."

A stream of fire moved Ray into a different position while mid-air, now moving him toward the back of the beast. He then used it again to propel him forward, throwing out a large fist hitting the beast.

The beast screamed in pain. As the fire gauntlets seared its body, at the same time Ray added a bit of Ki to injure its internal organs. The beast spun around and Ray had already moved away, avoiding any type of attack, but once again he stumbled to the floor as his body was still bleeding. Moving like this wasn't allowing his wounds to heal like they normally would.

Then finally, his transformation skill was starting to give in. His hair was turning from black to red, while his facial structure was returning to normal. He looked at Sylvia, she looked frightened as this was happening.

'I won't let you see that monstrous form again.' He thought. Whatever it took, he kept up the transformation skill on his arms, covering up his dragon like features.

"Magic, all sorts of magic but specializes in fire, and he knows a transformation skill. Without a doubt, it's him. He is the one from the academy!" Roy thought. But then he started to think, what was his origin hiding here, why was he at Roland in disguise?

A certain conversation started to fill his head. When the girls were talking about a certain man coming to help them. Was this the man they were talking about?

"Come on, we have to help him!" Kyle shouted. Picking up parts of his broken chain. The rest agreed and followed. Harry charged in with part of his broken sword. There was no handle so he gripped the sword by the blade even though it dug into his hands.

Martha continued to shoot her arrows and Slyvia stood at the back, but she wasn't going to do nothing.

"Kyle, Harry. Go in from the sides. Martha, aim for the top of the head." Slyvia shouted. She was commanding them, just like she used to when they went out on their beast hunts.

"Roy! Roy!" Sylvia shouted. "When the other two back away, Fire your fireballs. You hear me."

Roy clenched his fist. Now wasn't the time to think about what had happened in the past. Right now, he needed to help, and he did as he was asked.

At the same time in the arena. Roki was faced with the emperor tier beast. He was covered in blood. His left arm was broken. He had a cut above his forehead and was hurt all over. However, the Emperor tier beast wasn't faring too well either.

It was a plant-like creature that looked like a giant sunflower, but instead of seeds in the centre, there were a thousand eyes, and instead of petals, there were razor sharp teeth.

Many of the eyes of the beast were shut, destroyed or plucked out and fallen on the floor. At the same time, its roots had been chopped off, but they seemed to be regrowing.

"I'm so close, I'm not going to give up!" Roki thought.

Ray was down on the floor, and his vision was going in and out. It was blurring. He couldn't remember the last time he was in this much pain, but he could hear it. The sound of the others still fighting against the beast.

He looked up, and they were all there. Doing everything they could. Even though they were hurt.

"I'm not going to give up!" Ray thought.

Ray charged in.

Roki charged in.

Running straight into the pit of the fire, Ray jumped up high using his strength. The last bit of his mana and Ki were placed into his gauntlets. He then wrapped his legs around the beast's head and he wasn't going to let go, no matter what.

The others were distracting the arms and the shadow while Ray, using everything he had, continually started to pound on the beast's head. He punched with all his might while flames covered his fists.

The beast got wilder and wilder, but Ray held on, gripping on to the beast's neck.

And finally, the beast started to sway. Its legs had given in first. Ray continued to punch. At what, he didn't know. Then, it fell to the floor and Ray fell with it.

At the same time, Roki too had fallen to the floor, too soon for him to hear the cheers.

"For the first time in arena history, someone has managed to defeat the emperor tier beast!" The announcer shouted.

"You can rest now, Ray." Slyvia said, holding his head. "The beast is dead."

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 451: Go home!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"His wounds are finally starting to heal."

Darkness, it was all Ray could see around him, but faint voices could be heard coming in and out. It was impossible for him to make out who they were coming from, and they didn't really make sense to him as he tried to connect them.

Still, his body felt weak and he didn't know what to do.

"What do you think happened to him?"

It was reminding him a little of when he first came into this world. When he had been reincarnated into a human. How he had heard his mother's and father's voice for the first time.

"What type of beast do you think was fused?"

"They're finally starting to heal. Let's just wait."

There would be an unknown amount of time before he heard each sentence and then finally they had just stopped, but he was still covered in the darkness.

'Was this death? Have I finally died?' Ray thought.

However, a few moments later after these thoughts, strength started to return to his body. His eyes started to slowly open, and the first person he could see by his side, was Martha.

"Hey, you're finally awake," Martha said. "Guy's he's up!" She shouted.

Through the door, Kyle, and Harry came rushing in, "Hey he's okay". Looking around, and slowly lifting his body up, Ray still felt a little groggy. His arms and legs felt asleep compared to his mind, but he wasn't in pain.

They were in one of the rooms at the inn, Martha was sitting in a chair by his side on the bed, and Roy, was on the other end of the room, sat in a chair. He had no reaction to Ray's awakening and simply looked away.

However, that wasn't the most shocking thing. When he looked down, he could see his arms were showing. Not just any arms but his real arms. In a panic, he quickly activated his transform skill covering them up.

"Ray, that's a bit pointless," Kyle said. "You do know we've all seen them by now, besides Slyvia already told us all what you looked like. You were infused with a beast just like us right. Our guess is you're not just at the basic tier level. Which is why you need to use magic to hide it. While we have to transform to show any beast features."

"What we were confused about was what type of beast you were infused with?"

Harry gave him a nudge, barging into his shoulder. They had agreed not to ask him that, especially after hearing the answer he gave Slyvia. But Kyle ignored it as always.

"Slyvia, where is she?" Ray asked.

"I think it's best if we explain what happened. After you came and saved us. You collapsed on the ground, you had passed out. Then the Empire and his men had come. They fought off the beast and allowed for everyone to escape. When we left we saw Slyvia's brother there. It turned out that he was the one that had informed them of the place.

"The empire claimed they knew nothing about it. Which was why they had agreed to invade it and get rid of the beasts and capture everyone involved. Whether that is true or not, we really don't know.

"We were meant to stay with the people who were freed and go in for questioning, but of course we weren't going to do that, so during the chaos, we took the chance to escape while bringing you along."

"Slyvia is currently talking to her brother trying to get more information about what was going on there. Why they even had the vials of the shadow liquid in the first place."

"What happened to you man?" Kyle asked. "You were bleeding, we were debating whether to take you to a hospital or not. We know your body usually heals from these things but they take a little bit longer."

Ray, was silent for a little while before replying, and eventually said.

"I was looking for you two idiots, and got into a little scuffle."

The others were starting to think about who could possibly even do such a thing to Ray. And whether or not they were still alive. If Ray looked like this, they would hate to see the other person. Eventually the wounds had healed though and he was fine.

"Ray is it? Or should I call you Nes?" Roy had been looking over at Ray constantly this whole time as if he wanted to say something's and now he finally had his chance.

"Tell me, were you the student at Roland academy. Were you there as a student named Nes?" Roy asked. He had been waiting, for this whole time, if he was going to lie to him, in front of his face. Roy was going to get him to confirm it was him no matter what, he knew it was him.

He would get proof of what had happened that day.

"Yes." Ray replied.

"I knew you wouldn't admit it, One day I promise I will…." Roy paused for a second. "Yes?"

"Yes, it was me. Do you remember the incident with the shadow? I was there for a few reasons. Originally my goal was to talk to the Divine being. But the shadow had unexpectedly appeared."

Roy was a bit stunned, he didn't think it would be that easy for Ray to admit it. "Why…Why did you set it up, so it looked like I killed you. You ruined my life."

"And you hurt one of my men. Do you not remember coming out on the field. You hurt one of the members of the Redwings."

"Oh is that who this guy is," Kyle said. "The teacher that hurt Jack, well it makes sense if one of the king's men is hurt in front of his very eyes, he would have to do something."

Hearing Kyle's words, it was a reminder of what the group had told him before. Due to Roy helping them, he had come with them, they agreed to pay for his stay at the Inn. They decided to explain to him why they were in the empire and how they were part of the Redwings. Slyvia also offered an official invitation to join.

Roy didn't decline, but he didn't accept, for he wanted to hear Ray's explanation of why he did what he did.

"It's more complicated than you think," Martha said nervously, trying to calm the tension in the room. "Ray take it easy on him. He helped and possibly saved mine and Slyvia's life. And Roy, we were there to help fight against the shadow. Ray's situation is far more complicated in this."

"As you can see, even now we are doing everything we can to go against the shadow." This was as much Martha could explain without scaring someone. If they were to tell them that Ray was a fated one, and the divine being was at the Redwing base. They would have thought they were a bunch of liars.

'I guess, I was a bit hot headed in those days.' Ory thought, but didn't say it out loud and wouldn't admit it.

Just then, Sylvia had come into the room. "Oh, he's finally awake," Slyvia said.

Looking at her, she was currently wearing an eye patch over her right eye. Ray thought that maybe she had gotten injured while he was away but something felt off.

"You're eye what happened?" Ray asked.

"Oh, this, don't worry it will heal I just hurt it a little," Sylvia replied.

Using his Dragon eyes, Ray could see the truth. Her aura was mixed with some of the Shadow plague.

"You are infected." Ray said, coming out from the bed and going to her side.

"I told you I'm fine." Sylvia protested.

But Ray, lifted his hands and snatched the Eye patch off. Showing a black filled shadow infected Eye.

"Go back to the redwing kingdom now. Go see Bliss and tell her to try to remove it." Ray ordered.

"No, Ray. I'm fine. Look I'm talking to you fine right now aren't I? I'm talking to everyone fine, and my body isn't being hurt. I know myself better than you. It isn't affecting me."

"Just like it didn't affect Gary?" Ray said. "Eventually even he was taken over. If it happened to him, then it will definitely happen to you."

Ray was deeply concerned, everyone could tell. It had been a long time since he had mentioned Gary's name. And seeing Slyvia like this, everything had come back to him. He couldn't let it happen again. He couldn't let another one of his people get taken over by the shadow.

Maybe Bliss could do something to get rid of the infection. If she got it out from the land, then she should be able to do it with a person, was his thought. Still, he was unsure.

"I'm not Gary. Me and him are different Ray, and we don't even know if this is the same. I already went to my brother. We tried to remove it like we did with those men, but it didn't work, and it seems like the people they took in are all fine as well. Maybe this is different, besides if I leave now or later it won't make a difference. And I need to be here right now."

"What do you mean?" Ray said.

"Ray, you've been out for a few days," Martha replied. "The all kingdom tournament. It starts tomorrow."

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on Instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 452: Where is Nes?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had been out for so long that it looked like the big event, the entire reason they were here in the first place was upon them. According to Slyvia, they had been invited to stay at the castle with the others a few days ago.

Due to Ray's situation, they had stayed at the Inn, not fully giving the empire a reason as to why. Only that they would come soon.

They were free to do what they wished for the day, and would only need to at least go to the empire's place towards the end of the day for a dinner meal before the tournament tomorrow. It was where rules and such would be explained to everyone there.

It seemed like everyone wasn't too shocked by Ray's appearance, as they were treating him as they usually would. Slyvia was a little distant, but it wasn't because of the original reason. It was now because they were arguing whether she should still be on the team currently.

"I swear," Kyle said. "You two are like a married couple, always having spats like this. And what are we the kids meant to do? How are we meant to choose sides?" Kyle said, waiting in the room.

They hadn't done much while waiting for Ray to recover, and honestly, Kyle was feeling a little bored. Harry had been practising as he would be attending the event as well. Which meant all Kyle really could do was to try to flirt with a few people.

When checking his system, Ray was surprised to see another king tier beast crystal there. One obtained from the system and not one in his inventory.

'When did I get this?' He thought. The only explanation was the beast he must have killed that was infected by the shadow. However, in the past when Ray defeated a shadow beast, there was no crystal inside, it had already been infected.

This was one of the reasons the humans fought so strongly against the shadow. Since beast crystals had many uses in daily life. It was practically what ran most things.

'Was this shadow infection really different from the ones before, like Slyvia said? Maybe that's why she doesn't seem as infected as the others. Or perhaps it was recently put in, not giving it enough time to corrupt the crystal inside it.'

There were many reasons for this, but either way, Ray was thankful, and he decided to absorb the crystal there and then.

[36/100 King tier points]

It wasn't much, but Ray had at least managed to get a bit stronger before the tournament through the crystals. While checking his system, he realized he also had the crystal that he had been given by the arena.

The tournament started tomorrow, so he thought it would be a good time to create some new equipment out of it. Only his gauntlets were at the King tier level, so it would be nice for him to get something new.

"Where are you going?" Kyle said, seeing Ray stand up to leave.

"Just going to go to a forger to see if they can make something."

"Please take me with you," Kyle said.

Harry had stayed behind, and Roy was still with them as well. Slyvia had already agreed to pay for the nights at the Inn, besides they had an extra bed anyway, so it wasn't costing them any extra. On top of this, they had given him an ultimatum: To decide to join the Redwings or not when they leave.

Slyvia had given him a convincing tale about how much life would be better for him there than what he had experienced at the empire so far. Still, Roy was a little cautious, as it would mean going with the person who had gotten him in this mess in the first palace.

Leaving the shop, Ray didn't do much research. He knew that he wouldn't find a better blacksmith than one they had at the Redwings. So after just looking at a few shops and seeing which had the best equipment displayed outside, he walked in.

"Ah, a king tier crystal. I haven't worked in one of these for a while." The old gentlemen said. His hands were quite worn, and he looked like a good worker.

"The best thing to make out of this would be some boots. It will take me a while, though. You're free to stay here for a few hours, or go around and come back." The old man suggested.

"I will stay here," Ray replied.

"What, oh, come on!" Kyle complained. "I would have stayed with the others if I knew we were going to stay here."

After proceeding to pay, the two of them sat at a little table area in the shop. There was only a couple as most people wouldn't choose to wait. While there though, the shop had one of the screens that they had seen all over the empire.

Currently, they were showing the highlights of what had happened in the arena yesterday.

"Roki," Ray said as he looked at the screen.

They were showing Roki's match against the Emperor tier beast. It was only the highlights, but Ray could see that Roki had fought the best he had ever fought before. And his opponent was a tough one.

"You really did it." Ray thought. Somehow a man with no magic, with a decent amount of Ki but not crazy, had defeated an Emperor tier beast. Something he himself had yet to achieve. If he was to use his magic and fighting abilities, Ray was confident.

But while watching the fight, he couldn't help but think that he would have been in trouble if he was to only use his fists. The beast that Roy thought against had many limbs, or roots, as it was plant-based. Ray would only be able to hold off two at a time, and not being skilful with the sword would have been his downfall.

This man was strong, and the combativeness in Ray was sparked.

"He's good right," Kyle said. "I guess I'm finally going to see you and Harry go up against guys like this, huh?"

Finally, the Boots were done. Ray grabbed them and put them on there and then. Based on the measurements taken before, they were a perfect fit. These boots around the toes were orange in colour. Then going upward towards the ankle, two small wings like scales could be seen coming off them in a more black. As the boots faded from the orange to black from the toe.

"I hope you use them well." The old man said as they left the shop.

Now with everything that was done that was needed to be done, it was late and time for them to head off to the palace.

The two met in front of the others in front of the Inn they were staying at, and Roy was coming along with them. As for Slyvia, she had bought a new eye patch to cover her eye.

"Are you going like that?" Martha asked. Nothing that Ray hadn't transformed into Nes.

"There is no point hiding anymore, a secret warrior. We were only doing it to gather some information in the first place. I will let them know who they are messing with, and I want them to see the face of the person the empire has chosen to tread on." Ray said, clenching his fist.

The others were ready after only a few words from him, and it was time for them to head to the place. The palace was a grand place, mostly built with golden rooftops and round pillars. Around it, a wall that would divide the place even from the main city area.

Here they would not only meet the other contestants, but Ray would also be meeting the Emperor for the first time. The one that had chosen to cause them so much trouble.

Inside the palace, the Emperor was sitting at his large throne chair at the dining table. The other contestants had already arrived. However, there had been a small change. Instead of Bob sitting by Savanna's side, it was a replacement. Another gentleman who looked fairly older wearing silver armour and had a small goatee.

They could see that there were several empty seats in the dining hall, and no one had touched their food yet.

"Who are we waiting for again?" The young blonde warrior said.

"Don't you remember? There are still people from the Redwing Kingdom to come." The old man replied. He was the spear user from before, and his name was Pai.

When Pai had spoken these words, everyone in the room went silent for a little bit, as they remembered the warrior they had met before from the Redwing kingdom. Did it mean he would be coming in the room?

Most of them never wanted to see such a man again.

Roki too was sitting down by the Emperor's side, and he was waiting to see the contender named Nes. He thought someone of that strength had to be here, for one reason only. He didn't know for sure if he was a contender in the all kingdom tournament, but something in his gut was telling him.

"Sir, the guests have finally arrived."

"Excellent." The Emperor said. "Bring them in."

The doors open, and in the room, they all walked in. Leading in the front was a red-headed looking young man.

However, everyone was surprised, who was this red-headed man, and what had happened to Nes?

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 453: Emperor Vs King
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Each contender in the all kingdom tournament was allowed to bring a small token army with them. These acted as guards who would be by their side. It wasn't too long ago that the empire, including the six kingdoms, fought over each other.

It was a temporary truce while the greater threat of the shadow plague was upon them. Next to the two contestants sitting down inside the room, everyone had about five or so guards. This included the Alure kingdom. Where Slyvia's brother was acting as one of the guards.

When entering the room, many were surprised at who had come in. The guard of other kingdoms thought they were simply just kids. As for the contestants themselves, they recognised both Kyle and Harry from the inn.

'If my guess is right, then that bald-headed knight and the warrior Nes will be the two participants from the Redwing kingdom.' Savana thought.

However, in the two seats prepared, they saw a red-haired young man, and the blonde boy next to him sits in the seats. While the rest stayed behind them.

'Him, who even is this guy, where is the warrior Nes?' Savana thought. Before the red wings had arrived, many of the contestants were a bit shaken up waiting to see who would walk through those doors.

The act and display of power had frightened them. In their heads, they had already decided. If they were matched up against him in the tournament, they would simply forfeit there and then. The tournament was just a matter of pride for them. A way to show the other kingdoms that their strength hadn't weakened, but nothing was worth death.

On top of that, they would just show everyone the strength of the Red wings instead.

"Now this is a surprise." The man sitting on the throne said. When Ray turned his head, he was looking at the emperor. But the emperor wasn't what he had expected. He was expecting to see some old wrinkly man, that could barely walk. But the person sitting in the seat didn't even look old enough to pass thirty.

He had no facial hair and had his hair cut relatively short. Covered in white robes and on top of his head, a strange thin-looking crown. His other hand was placed on his face as if he was bored, and he had this strange smile as he looked at Ray.

"When you sent who you were planning to participate, I thought it was a joke." The emperor started laughing. "But it turns out it was quite real."

He then stood up from his seat and walked over to where Ray was sat. His guards and the two contestants by his side didn't move from their place. While the ones behind Ray were unsure what the emperor or Ray was about to do.

'Do these two know each other?' The other contestants thought.

They knew about the bad history between the Redwings and the empire. They had practically declared war against the Redwings, but somehow, they hadn't got rid of them. The other kingdoms wouldn't have been surprised if the Redwings didn't send anyone, but here they were.

Ray stood up from his seat and walked forward as well. The two of them met in the middle, looking at each other eye to eye.

'Please don't do anything, Ray.' Slyvia prayed.

Before entering the room, and entering the place, Slyvia had a talk with Ray. He had tendencies to act as he felt, but right now, they were in the empire. Their army was about 30 times the Red Wings' size, and their fight with Gary and the shadow was right around the corner.

They didn't have to be the best of friends. But just not make them act sooner than what they were possibly planning.

"We've gone through some strange times together right." The emperor said. "I think as two members of royalty we should greet each other The name's Alexander." He held out his hand for a shake.

Ray looked at it for a second. With his dragon eyes, he couldn't see anything out of the ordinary with this man. He was just an average human, beyond normal, it didn't even seem like he had any ki training. Yet he was booming with confidence, how and why?

Right now, what would happen if Ray was to smash his head in front of everyone? Pay him back for all the things he had done. Could they even do anything?

Pulling out his hand. Ray went in for a shake as well.

"The name is Ray. The great Ray." Ray said.

"Has he ever called himself that?" Kyle whispered.

The others had never heard him refer to himself as that either, and in an instance like this, it seemed a little childish. As if Ray was trying to one-up the emperor.

Alexander headed back to his seat.

"I like you Ray, you have balls. Especially for the king himself to compete in this tournament. That's something I could never do." Alexander said as he sat down.

'The king, the red-haired dude is the king of the Redwings!' Savana thought.

Why would a king come into enemy territory? No wonder the emperor was all smiles. It would be the perfect excuse to get rid of the pain in their backside in this tournament. Still, Savana couldn't shake this strange feeling she had.

If that warrior Nes wasn't part of the Redwings. Who was he, and why did the bald-headed knight know who he was? She remembered seeing Kyle's skill for a brief second, and he wasn't even taking part in the tournament. Was the blonde boy really stronger than him?

Still, nobody in that room could imagine a king being a great fighter. They were a political figure. Even if he was strong, it was unlikely they would be the strongest fighter in their kingdom.

Alexander called over one of his men by his side, who held out a scroll, he opened it and started to read aloud. They were the rules of the all kingdom tournament. There would be one fight, from each kingdom each day. A contender once having fought would not have to fight again until the next day.

The drawings were completely random and would be decided on the day tomorrow. This way nobody could prepare beforehand for the opponent they would face. No magic was allowed, but if it was a weapons active skill, then that was allowed.

Hearing this, Ray was wondering if his gauntlets, magic shields powered by his elements would be considered magic or not. Just to be safe, he would not use them. The empire would probably use it as an excuse to say he was cheating.

There were three ways for one to lose a fight, be forfeit, by death, or knockout. It was a simple knockout style tournament. However, one would not be placed against one from the same kingdom or empire.

As the organiser, Alexander even prepared awards for the winners. The kingdoms that held the event before did the same. But this was the first time the empire was holding the all kingdom tournament.

Some of the other kingdoms were expecting some good rewards for winning. Everything else was over, and now they could enjoy a nice meal and spend the rest of the time at the palace. They would have servants at their call if there was anything they needed.

The food came out, and others started to dig in. The conversation was being made, but that was only between the six kingdoms. It seemed at the table the two powers that were being left out of everything, were the Redwings, and the empire.

The empire did things through force, and the good relationship with the kingdoms was just for show for the people, so they wouldn't worry, but many at the top knew this.

While eating away, Ray looked at Roki. He was a stronger man than he thought, being able to defeat the emperor tier beast. He had no magic, and although his Ki force was strong, it wasn't anywhere close to what Ray could produce at the moment. Meaning he had defeated the beat through sheer skill.

Seeing him fight, reminded Ray why he wanted to improve his swordsmanship. However, Ray didn't have his sword anymore. He had given his black raven to Harry. Since his blades had broken. Then using the advanced crystals from the arena event he had also made another sword for Harry, but it wasn't as good as the Black raven or the blades Harry had before, but it had to do.

So, for this event, it looked like Ray would be going back to his gauntlets. When looking at Roki, he turned his head to the other contestant. He looked similar to the emperor, enough to the point where they seemed to be related, but while the emperor had blonde hair, the man next to him had black.

Using his dragon eyes, Ray wanted to get an idea of his power. The second he did though, his dragon eyes were shut off. His vision had returned to normal.

The black-haired boy turned and looked at Ray back.

"What did you just try and do?" He said with a smile.

The feeling Ray was getting from this person was the same feeling that he got from Bliss and Van.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 454: Emperor Vs king (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The aura Ray had seen didn't last for long, but he was sure of it. The feeling that this man by Alexander the emperor's side was the same as both Bliss and Van. For Bliss, the aura she gave off was holy and strong and this was because she was a Divine being.

When Ray had sensed the same thing in Van, he had asked Bliss about it. According to her it was due to there being a so-called God inside him. It was a strange thing to refer to themselves as but there was no other way she could explain it. They were great beings that could last forever and if they did die, they would simply be reborn.

However at times during their rebirth, they wouldn't always find a body. They could just simply be stuck inside another, or even an item. This was what had happened to Van, the queen's son of the Alure kingdom. His powers were strong but they were borrowed from the being inside him, and whenever he would use such powers the Shadow would know. It was the reason why they were after him.

Was the person in front of Ray really one of these gods? Were they like Bliss, aware of their own existence, or someone like Van, with a god trapped in their body?

Whatever the case was, it was highly aware, for it had stopped Ray form using his dragon eyes. This meant it would most likely be someone like Bliss. Is this why they seem to be unafraid of the shadow, because they have a god on their side. The question was why? Why would a being such as this one even choose to help the emperor in the first place?

Seeing the strange smile on the back haired contestant, Ray decided to ignore him and look away. He had only spoken softly so those with sensitive hearing would have been able to hear.

"I know you can hear me." He said. "I look forward to meeting you in the ring." From then onward he no longer looked at Ray and started to dig into his food like everyone else.

The conversations were still brewing between the others, and finally it looked like someone from the kingdom side wished to talk to someone from the empire.

It was the old man, the spear user who went by the name of Jones. "Roki, I would like to thank you for what you did the other day." He said.

The emperor didn't know any details of what he was talking about, nor did the Redwing members, but the contestants did and soon it had gone silent.

"Your sword skills are great. I can't wait to go up against you sir." The young blonde boy said.

Roki looked to his right at Alexander, it looked like he had given him permission to speak.

"Thank you for the kind words." Roki replied. "I still feel like there are people there who are stronger and more skillful than me. I wish that one day I could face them. Speaking of…"

Roki had turned his head to look at the Redwing members, as if he was searching for someone. "I do not see the man who was with me in the arena over the last few days. He was a warrior that went by the name Nes. I thought he was part of the Redwing kingdom?" Roki asked.

The others were thankful that Roki had asked this, because he wasn't the only one that was interested. The other contestants were as well.

"We were told he was from the Redwing kingdom." Savana added, while looking at the bald monk. "At least the two of them informed us, we would have liked to meet him as well."

Kyle didn't know what games they wanted to play, but because of that incident, they couldn't exactly deny they knew Nes.

"Don't worry." Slyvia said. "He has already left to head back to the Redwing kingdom. He was one of the guards but there was a bit of a problem."

"A problem you say?" Alexander chimed in. The others believed it, because they couldn't imagine why the Redwings wouldn't use such a strong warrior, but the emperor made sure that his guards would tell him of when certain individuals entered and left the city, and there was no record that a lot of people had come in but not left.

They were hiding this mysterious warrior for a reason, maybe a trump card perhaps? But Alexander didn't worry about that.

"Yes," Sylvia replied. "Speaking of problems, I heard the empire are having one of late. I heard there was a strange facility where shadow beasts were roaming around. At least that's what the rumors say."

"Shadow beasts!" One of the contenders said in shock. They started to speak to each other about their warriors. The last place they expected the shadow to turn up was here in the empire, the furthest place from the shadow continent and at the same time one of the strongest forces.

It started to make them wonder, were the shadows planning an attack, or was it something else?

Slyvia's brother standing opposite thought this was a sly tactic to use. He was unable to say anything as he had brought it to the attention of the empire. They had told him to keep it a secret. Claiming it was nothing and the other kingdoms didn't need to worry about.

The only thing he worried about was if his sister was putting a big target on her back.

"Is Ray strong enough to protect her?' He thought. This was always his biggest worry.

"I'll be honest with you, I have heard of no such rumours." Alexander replied. "And most likely they are just that. Rumours. They are always trying to bring the great empire down. Perhaps they just hold a grudge."

Hearing this, now the other kingdoms thought that Slyvia had simply lied, something to scare them and also to worry the other kingdoms. They knew about the bad history, so it made sense for Slyvia to slander them with words.

A battle of wits and words was something Ray did not want to get into.

"It matters not." Ray said standing up.

"Sit down you ungrateful ..!" A guard started to shout at Ray, but Alexander raised his hands.

Ray didn't realise what he had just done by standing up and getting ready to leave the room before the emperor. It was considered rude. Back at the Redwings Ray did this all the time, but it didn't matter back then, for he was considered king.

The others didn't know if Ray was brave or stupid.

"Rumours or not, the Redwing goal is simple." Ray said. "We will exterminate the shadow." Walking towards the door, two guards stood in his path and blocked his way.

"Move!" Ray said as he lifted both his hands.

'Is he going to attack the Empire's men? Here, in front of the emperor, it will start a war!' The others thought.

"Let him go." Alexander said and before Ray could grab them, they moved to the side allowing him to pass.

"Remember what I said before." Ray said with his hand on the handle. "We will exterminate the shadow, and that includes those working with them, whoever they are."

With that Ray and the others left their room to stay in the palace for the night.

Alexander looked calm, he lifted up a glass of wine and started sipping from it. They had expected anger after hearing those words. After all, it was clear what Ray had said was a threat. If the empire were working with them, they would not shy away from a fight.

Suddenly, the glass in his hand had smashed and it had cut his hand.

"Sir, are you okay." One of the guards game running over.

His hands were shaking. "That fool, a simple death is not enough for someone like him. Dari, make sure you deal with him in the arena."

"Of course." Dari said.

After leaving the room, they all let out a big sigh of relief. The tension was high in there and they were worried, worried that Ray was going to do something.

"Ray you nearly choked those people didn't you!" Syvia said, complaining.

"What about you Slyvia?" Martha said, "How could you bring up the incident? What if they link it back to us, now that we know about it."

Both Ray and Sylvia gritted their teeth and at the same time they said. "I don't know but it was just something about that guy. He just annoyed me."

The group started to laugh together.

The next day had arrived, and it was finally time for the first day of the All kingdom tournament.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 455: The number five
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The all kingdom tournament was a huge event. Usually there would be thousands of visitors, it would attract people far and wide from various kingdoms. However, this wasn't the case today. Nearly all of the stands were filled from those from the Empire.

The Empire had the largest population of people and had strict entry requirements, only those that were invited were allowed in. Due to this and the rising tensions from each of the kingdoms, the Empire felt like it was best for people to stay in their current kingdoms.

Ray and Harry were the first to leave their room ahead of everyone else as they were escorted towards the arena. Picking them up outside of the arena was a fancy large carriage they had never seen before. It looked as if someone had attached the body of multiple carriages together, and in between they had used some strange bendy material.

Once inside the carriage, they could see all of the other contestants already inside, eyeing them up. However there was one person missing. The black haired contestants from the Empire. Only Roki was seen present.

'When the hell did we get on everyone's bad side? Shouldn't the Alure kingdom at least like us or something?' Harry thought.

Even with the extension of the carriage, it was a tight fit inside. Both Harry and Ray had to sit very close to the other contestants. Ray wasn't phased by this and was about to sit down next to one of them, but Harry quickly sandwiched himself in between.

"Why don't I sit here." Harry said, already sitting down next to Savanna. Opposite him was the old man, Jones, the spear user who had done a number on Ray.

The carriage was off and the tension was high, even between the other contestants it seemed like they were no longer casually chatting or joking about. This was because everyone was getting into fight mode. They would no longer be friends if they weren't, as they had to fight seriously with the intention of hurting each other if they wanted to win in that arena.

Jones was staring intensely at Ray, he was trying to size him up. He expected the warrior Nes just like everyone else had. "A king who fights, how interesting." Jones finally said. "But I see no sword, are you not a swordsman?"

"I can use a sword." Ray replied, defensively. "I just feel like you all deserve to be hit personally by my fists."

It was a confident tone of voice, but the others couldn't take it seriously. Very rarely did they see anyone fight with their fists. However, it did remind Roki of something, there was one time he had seen someone fight with their fists.

"Out of interest, why would a king even bother to fight? Do the Redwings seriously have no one skillful enough with a sword that they had to send their king?" Savanna asked.

Harry wasn't liking this, he knew they had seen Nes and they all thought he had come from the Redwings. It was clear that they weren't weak, what they were trying to do right now was taunt Ray.

Maybe they had seen something at the dinner table, how easily Ray was to be angered. When a fighter was angered, surely they performed worse. Not thinking about their movements, making mistakes their opponents could capitalise on.

"Of course we do." Ray said. "Why do you think I brought him along." Ray pointed at Harry. "He is the best swordsman all of Redwings has to offer."

This interested Roki. In a way, if what Ray was saying was true then the warrior named Nes wasn't the best with the sword, but instead the man beside him.

"Is it true?" Roki asked.

Harry's face started to blush with embarrassment. He had never been so in the centre of attention before.

"Well, I mean, I guess it isn't not true." Harry said.

For some reason though, based on Harry's demeanour and words, they just couldn't believe it.

Ray could see their faces in disbelief and he started to chuckle loudly.

"The way I see it, most of you in this carriage should just go home." Ray said.

"What!" Some of them shouted in anger.

Lifting up one hand, Ray pointed all his fingers out.

"There are fourteen people taking part in the all kingdom tournament, but in reality there are only this many people you need to look out for." Ray explained.

Some of them were trying to figure out who he meant. They were confused, but there were a few individuals in that room that understood what he had said, for they had come to the same conclusion as well.

"Oh.." Jones said, leaning back. "It looks like maybe you are one to watch out for after all."

If Jones was correct, two of the five people would be Roki and the other strange man from the Empire. There must be a reason why they were hiding him and he hadn't taken part in the base tournaments. The third person, himself. Out of everyone here, he could sense that he had the most Ki, however there was one more that had the same amount as him.

That was the blonde haired boy by the king's side. If he was to include him, that would be four. Ray himself wasn't giving up, or showing much of his Ki like the others, so Jones hadn't put him on his list, but the fact that he was aware of this, made Ray the fifth person.

Roki had figured this out as well, while the others still sat there confused.

The carriage had come to a stop, it was time to enter the arena.

Outside of the arena, people had started to gather to watch the event. As contestants, they were given free tickets and VIP access so they didn't need to wait with the rest of the people. Still, they passed through everything else like everyone did, and that's when Sylvia and her group had appeared across the arena large screen.

"A betting screen?" Slyvia said seeing odds next to everyone's names.

Looking down the list carefully, there were only two things you could bet on. The overall winner of the all kingdom tournament, and whether or not an individual would win their fight today.

The odds given were strange as the contestants wouldn't know who their opponent was. You would essentially be betting blindly. Looking at the list, it was typical that the empire had given the best odds to their own to Contestants. However, Roki wasn't the one with the best odds; it was a contestant by the name of Sera.

When looking, the lowest odds were given to Ray.

"This is perfect." Kyle said as he rushed off, but he suddenly felt someone pull on the back of his collar, stopping him in his tracks. "Hey what are you doing? Let go!"

"No, no, no." Martha said. "Do you think I don't know about your bad luck? If you go betting on Ray, you'll curse him to lose."

"What do you mean? This is his first opponent we're talking about. This is an easy way to double our money. Look at the odds." Kyle gestured to the screen once more, Ray's odds were 2:1.

"No means no Kyle."

"Fine." He pouted with his arms crossed like a little kid. "But it's okay if I bet, right? If I can't bet on Ray, I'll bet on the other matches."

Martha thought about it for a while, before turning to Sylvia for guidance.

"Here." Sylvia said, placing something heavy and shiny in his hand. "One gold coin. That's your limit." Slyvia said.

"Thank you, thank you." Kyle replied, bowing down and running off to the betting booth.

"You're going to make him an addict you know." Martha warned.

"Oh don't worry. This is coming out of his salary as the black sash master knight. It's good to remind him that he owes me." Sylvia said with a smile.

Sometimes Sylvia seemed a little scary to Martha, with that eyepatch of hers she looked even more intimidating.

At the betting booth, Kyle had a wide grin painted across his face. He had only said to them that he wouldn't bet on Ray, but there was another person he knew well that he was sure was to win his first match as well.

And that was Harry.

"One gold coin on Harry to win his first fight please." Kyle asked, chuckling to himself as his eyes were filled with gold coins.

Getting off the carriage, all of a sudden out of nowhere Harry felt a shiver run down his spine.

"What the hell was that?" Harry thought, "Did you feel that?"

"Feel what?" Ray asked.

"I guess I was just imagining it."

Harry sighed, looking up at the screen displaying his odds.

"I just hope it isn't a sign of what's to come."

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 456: Harrys bad luck
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The crowd was full and as expected, it seemed like everyone who was there was someone from the empire, but they weren't nobodies. Sylvia could tell just from looking at their clothing and the ties placed on their bodies.

The empire certainly wasn't lacking in funds like the Red Wings were, that was for sure. However there were still a few people that weren't from the empire. In order not to feel so alienated, they had all been boxed up together in their own area, protected by some of the best empire guards.

All of those that had come from other kingdoms had been placed in one area. They had more space and weren't cramped up, and the guards wouldn't allow for anyone else to come in. They had been given the VIP treatment. In a way, they now felt even more alienated from the others.

However, it was all quickly forgotten as the contestants walked into the arena and out onto the field. The cheers erupted and shook the whole place, and soon there was a chant let out between the people.

"Roki, Roki, Roki." They all chanted their warrior's name.

They were escorted out by guards, and each of them lined up in the centre in two rows. Side by side with their teammates. Standing at the front was Roki, and next to him Sera had come out as well.

Ray and Harry were at the very back, while Roki and Sera were at the front. So it seemed like there wouldn't be much going on.

Back in the crowd, Sylvia had decided to go next to her brother Mathew, who was in charge of looking after the Alure kingdom guests.

"Do you think your participants will do well?" Sylvia asked.

Mathew let out a big sigh, as he looked down at who the Alure kingdom had brought. They were two men. One had two large rings that were blades, apart from the handle. It was a unique looking weapon that made him stand out. Meanwhile the other was a simple sword and shield user.

"I'm afraid not. The Alure kingdom has been weakened significantly due to all of this mess with the Redwings." Mathew replied. "Before when Avrion was a part, the best knights with the most potential would be sent there and it looks like the strong ones chose to stay.

"There was the Black ring's group. The strongest guild in the Alure kingdom. They had been bought off by the empire and you guys made a right mess of them. We still chose to invite their guild leader, but there seems to be no sign of them since. So we were left really scraping the bottom of the barrel."

The news was concerning. To the outside, the Alure kingdom was complying with the empire, doing everything it was told to do. Not supporting the Redwings. However, in reality, Ray and the Queen had a close relationship. So close that the prince of the Alure kingdom was actually part of the Redwings.

The other kingdoms wouldn't try to do anything while the Empire is still supporting them, but if the word got out, it could possibly cause the other kingdoms to try and absorb the Alure kingdom.

The question was, if that was to happen, what would Ray do then?

Looking down, everyone's name was introduced one by one. Starting with those from the Redwing's. Finally they had reached the end. Roki got the loudest cheer, while Sera got the second loudest.

'Is she really an unknown?' Sylvia thought.

"Mathew, do you know anything about that Sera person?" She asked.

On Ray's request, he had asked if she could gather any information to do with Sera. He didn't explain why, but just said it would be important, but from what she knew, Sera seemed to be an almost invisible person until this day. The crowd's reaction proved that.

"I don't know, we knew Roki would be in the tournament. Our guess is that they're probably hiding the other contestants so the other kingdoms didn't get more information." Mathew explained. "But this is the first time I'm hearing this name as well. It wasn't like we didn't have a list of suspects. This just came as a surprise."

The empire would never just put anybody in the ring. They both knew that.

Finally, the emperor Alexander had arrived. He came out on a platform that was built slightly outward from the crowd up midway in the arena. The top and bottom were solid, leaving an open space for him to see the entire arena floor.

With an amplifying crystal in his hand, when he spoke, everyone could hear him clearly.

"We will not waste any time, let's get these matches on the way. I will draw two names and those two will fight immediately." Alexander spoke and the crowd responded with cheers.

There was no fancy way of selecting. One of Alexander's men handed him a black box filled with several balls. On each ball was a name. He would lift it up and say the name, if they were from the same kingdom, he would place it down and pick another one.

And he did just that, picking up the first ball from the box.

"We have Jones Mutenter against Cliff Bydo."

The other contestants moved off to the side of the arena where a separate area was built for them to stay. It was kind of like a little tech, where they could still see the arena from ground level.

A large horn was played, signalling it was the start of the match. Jones was the old man who was a spear user, while Ciff was one of the men from the Alure kingdom. The man who used the banded rings as weapons.

At first the fight started slowly with the two of them circling each other, each one waiting for the other to make the first move. However, soon boo's were raining from the crowd, wishing for one of them to act.

Eventually, Cliff in his experience couldn't take it anymore. He charged in with the rings, slicing, in an odd style, while moving his body like an acrobat.

Jones was calm though, and he simply hit the rings away before they could reach him.

Watching this, it was clear that everyone was able to use Ki, whether it be strong or not, they did deserve their place here. Still, Ray knew there was a clear winner before the fight had started.

Jones began to act and he had shoved his spear right through the centre of the ring. Then, using his force, he yanked the ring from his hand, throwing it into the side of the wall.

Cliff expected this, and charged in with his over ring. Thinking it would take some time before Jones would be able to reposition his spear. But it was already back in place. Just like he had done to Ray, he did a number of stabs towards Cliff's body. Jabing in and out quickly.

The pain was too much, and each stab had moved Cliff's body further back. Then finally, the last strike was thrown towards Cliff's throat having stopped just millimeters away from his skin.

"Forfeit, I do not wish to take a promising warrior's future here." Jones said.

Cliff gulped, and his arm's able had grazed the edge of the spear; it was that close.

"I forfeit." Cliff said and just like that the first match was over.

There were a few more matches that had happened after that, but none of them really interested Ray unless it would be one of the five people he spoke about. Besides, Ray and Sera seemed to be having a staring match of their own, whenever the fight would stop they would look at each other.

Sera was giggling like some type of high school girl who had a crush on a young teenage boy. While Ray was scorning like an old man who wanted kids to get off his front lawn.

The next fight Savana had won. Showing her skills with the two daggers, she was thankful that she hadn't been chosen to go against the Empire's men or the Redwing kingdom yet.

The next match, the young blonde swordsman had won his. He was skillful with the sword, but seemed to be inexperienced in battle. He fought using the forms that were taught at his kingdom and eventually managed to win the fight, but not without returning with many injuries.

Then the next draw was made.

"Next we have, Harry against…" a smile appeared on Alexander's face. "Our very own Roki."

The cheers went wild hearing Roki's name and in the crowd Kyle had slapped himself on the forehead.

"Was this really because of me?" Kyle said.

"No." Martha said looking at Kyle. "Don't tell me. You did, didn't you? You bet on Harry to win his first game!" The moment she heard Kyle moan, something was telling her it was his doing.

They had all seen Roki take down the emperor tier beast. They knew how skilful and strong Roki was. It wasn't that he didn't think Harry would win.

The problem was Kyle had thought due to it being the first fight, Harry would get someone easy. But it looked like on the first day of the All kingdom tournament, there would be a Redwing vs Empire grudge match.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 457: Harry Vs Roki
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The match had been announced and there was excitement in the air, but most of that was from them seeing Roki fight. They had only seen him fight mostly large beasts and it would be the first time in a long time they would have seen Roki fight another person.

Based on the odds among other things, it didn't look like anyone expected much from Harry. However, there were a few in the seats who thought differently.

Hearing his own name, Harry began to feel nervous. It had been a long time since he had to do something like this, and he was going up against a tough opponent. Ray looking over to his shoulder could see this.

"Harry what happened to you?" Ray asked.

Harry looked up at him a little confused. "What do you mean?"

"Do you not remember when we were younger. You used to have such confidence." Ray replied.

By now Roki had already left and was standing in the centre of the arena, now they were just waiting for Harry.

"Let me ask you something, who do you think is stronger, me or him?" Ray asked.

Their conversation was happening in the trench-like area, so all the other participants were able to hear their conversation clearly apart from Roki who had already left. They weren't exactly speaking quietly.

"You." Harry said without hesitation.

The others felt like the Redwings were idiots. They knew Roki's skill, any warrior who was half decent could tell that Roki was just on a different level compared to all of them. However, they thought they were loyal idiots, to be able to answer back to their king like that without thinking twice.

"Well then, as a man who once beat me, you should have no problem beating him." Ray said.

No more time could be wasted and Harry now had to go out onto the arena field.

"Well this should be a quick match?" The young blonde warrior said.

"I wouldn't be so sure." Jones replied. "These Redwing members, there's something strange about them."

Jones could tell when he was in that room that day, every single one of them from the Redwing kingdom was a Ki user. If every knight in the Redwing army could utilise Ki, then even if their army was small, a kingdom would think twice before messing with them.

And Jones was still thinking about their conversation back on the carriage, if Ray's words were true, this man was more skilled than the warrior Nes they had seen.

Savanna had similar thoughts after seeing the bald headed Mike, this was a fight that would most likely surprise everyone.

Roki used a single large sword, while Harry, he had the black Raven and another sword that looked plain in comparison.

'Ray, you seem to forget the man I fought back then and the one here are two different beasts.' Harry thought. But Ray's talk did remind him of something. His goal in all of this. How his father had done all those things to his family members just because of the shadow.

He wanted to pay back the shadow for what they had done, and he had even risked going through the beasting process. The man in front of him was just another stepping stone in the way.

"Fight, begin!" The Emperor shouted and it had started.

Swooping and heading in first was Roki, he came with a thrust of his sword, perfectly timed jumping off his back foot using a burst of Ki. The movement was so smooth and so quick it would have caught many off guard and ended the match there and then.

But not Gary, the moment Roki moved, his body reacted and with a spin to the left, he knocked the blade down with one sword and went to strike the arm with the other.

As the sword was about to hit his wrist, with a flick Roki threw the hilt of the sword upward, hitting the blade ever so slightly, altering its course and skimming his armour. He caught the sword again, but instead of attacking, moved back.

No one was hurt in the first exchange but in the first strikes alone, they both thought;

"This person is good."

Roki had a smile, he was no longer upset about not fighting Nes. When it came to fighting he always preferred an opponent that was more skilled, and here he had met someone.

"Looks like the red haired king wasn't lying after all." Roki said. "The Redwing seems to be an interesting place."

From then on the fight was a different story. The two of them charged in at the same time, swinging their blades at each other. Harry would parry the blows away, but whenever he wanted to attack, he felt like he was in an awkward position.

When Roki was attacking he was using everything he knew, he needed to, because there was something strange about the person in front of him. The advantage a long sword had over two small blades like so was that the long sword was usefully heavy, had a longer reach and was more powerful.

Yet through sheer force and power, Harry was able to deflect his attacks with a single hand.

Harry had noticed it too, he didn't want to admit it, but this was only because he had gone through the basting process. It had given a boost in all his physical cabilites. In a way he felt like he was cheating.

But he couldn't let up, and his will to win was stronger than his conscience.

"Come on Harry!" Kyle screamed so loud that the veins on his neck were showing. "I'll kill you myself if you don't beat this guy!"

With a kick to his back, Martha said frustratedly, "Your bad luck put him in this situation in the first place. Stop distracting him."

The fight continued between the two, and slowly people were starting to fall in love with Harry's swordsmanship.

Roki's sword style was clean, straight and very honest. It looked like attacks were practiced a thousand times and there were no errors in his movements.

But Harry's was more like an art style. His movements, each one was like a dance and before Roki knew it, something strange was happening.

"What's happening? Not one of them has been hit yet and it's been so long. Are they really equally matched?" The young blonde warrior asked.

"When two high skilled warriors fight this is what is what happens." Jones replied. "Each one of the blows they are delivering are fatal, which is why they are doing everything they can to block every single attack."

"But the tide is starting to change." Ray said with a smile on his face.

Jones tried to look closely at what Ray was talking about. While he was watching he could see no such victor, one didn't appear to outperform the other - they were in a stalemate. But after watching carefully, he finally noticed it.

"I can't believe it, he's sucking him in." Jones thought. How could a no-name be doing such a thing to someone who had defeated an emperor tier beast?

It had taken some time, but Harry's preparations were finally starting to come through. To many on the outside, his dancing style while flinging his sword looked fancy and was pretty much overkill, wasted movements, but each of these movements were important.

He had finally gotten a hand of Roki's rhythm and now whenever Roki would attack it wasn't his own doing but Harry's. It was as if an invisible force was pulling him in, telling him where to attack and this was all Harry's doing.

Another thrust was made and leading it into the place he wanted, Harry knew where he would strike. It was at this moment, Roki figured out what was happening but it was too late. With his other blade, Harry stabbed Roki in between the gap of his shoulder piece and arm, delivering the first real blow of the match.

He pulled it out, and went for a strike across the neck. Using brute force instead of skill. For the first time, Roki lifted his arm's to block the attack, and pushed off with his legs flinging him away from Harry.

The crowd up to this point had been chanting Roki's name and for the first time it stopped. The only person who could be heard cheering loudly was Kyle.

"Hahah, suckers!" Kyle shouted. "Bring me the money!"

Ray had expected this. Roki was good, Ray could see this when he defeated the emperor tier on the video. Did Ray think Harry would take on an Empire tier? No he didn't, but that wasn't were Harry's skills lied.

His swordsmanship wasn't one that worked well when fighting beasts, but was better used when fighting other humans. The tricks and skills he used wouldn't work on beasts. When he saw Harry out there, he was confident he would win this fight.

The emperor watched this unfold from above with his eyebrows furrowed. 'What the hell is going on here?' Alexander thought. 'Who is that blonde boy!'

Alexander put down the amplifying crystal and grabbed another one.

"Roki, you have to win this, otherwise you know what will happen."

The crystal allowed for his message to be sent straight to Roki, and only Roki could hear. He gritted his teeth after hearing this. Right now he had found an opponent who was skillful in the sword.

He wanted to face him just using his swordsmanship, it was something he dreamed of and it had been ruined.

'I guess it's time to use what I got from the arena.' Roki thought. It was time for him to use his emperor tier weapon.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 458: The mad king
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It wasn't clear to many who was winning the fight, that was up until Harry had suddenly stabbed Roki in the shoulder with his blade. The empire's people were relying on him to be their ace, and when they saw him fight giant beasts they had imagined fighting another human would be a walk in the park.

Savanna took a glance at Ray. "These Redwing people, they're not normal." She said.

Sitting by her side was Bob's replacement, a man called Gaur. He was just as large as Bob and had tattoos all over his chest up to his neck.

"I don't see what had you all shaking in your boots." Gaur said. "These two are not even that impressive, if this is the best the Redwing's and the empire have to offer then we have this win in the bag."

Savanna didn't say anything else. Gaur wasn't there when the warrior known as Nes had defeated Bob, and not only that but had taken them all on at the same time. However, the main reason why she didn't decide to snap back was because Guar had the skills to back himself up.

In truth, he was a better warrior then Bob. The only reason why they didn't want to use him was because of his unusual tendencies to play with the opponents he defeated, he was a vile human that didn't deserve to live.

Not wanting to sour relations with the other empires they kept him as a reserve, still debating whether to use him or not. In the end, they had left the choice to Savanna and she had chosen not to. But now with Bob out of the picture they didn't really have a choice.

Roki had jumped back a few meters, now no longer in Harry's striking zone. Unsure if this was part of his plan, Harry decided to stay back and wait, but then found Roki's next actions strange.

Roki had placed the sword he had been using up to this point away and into the sheet behind his back. Then, from the exact same sheet he pulled out a different blade. On closer inspection, it was two sheets closely lined together. Roki never had just one long sword, he was carrying two all along.

When Ray saw the energy coming from the sword he knew what it was. It was an emperor tier weapon. Of all the things the crystal could have been turned into, Roki had lucked out. It was perfect for making a long sword.

It looked similar to his other long sword, only with a bit more polish and shine to it, due to it being new. There was also a green glow through the middle of the blade, making it look like a magical weapon of some sort.

Roki charged in just like before and Harry did the same, using his skilful techniques to force the strike where he wanted it to go.

This time, when he missed Roki said, "I'm sorry, I didn't want to win this way."

Suddenly, strange roots started to grow from the sword and had wrapped around Harry's wrists. Harry tried to use his strength to break free.

'If only I could transform, maybe I could slip away.'

Although the roots had Harry constricted, Roki was free to move as it would adjust when he moved his sword and he had done so, now pointing it at Harry's neck.

"Please forfeit." Roki said.

Harry gritted his teeth, he was debating whether or not he should use his beast form. He felt like he had been cheated. The sword skill was near enough the same as magic.

As Harry was in the middle of debating, he had received a message from Sylvia.

"You have done enough, You can forfeit." She said.

He looked at Roki one more time in his eyes, but he didn't have the face of someone who was about to become a victor. If anything, it looked like if Harry said those words he would be more hurt by them.

"I forfeit." Harry replied.

"What the hell!" Kyle shouted. "What about my money? Isn't that cheating, he used magic!"

"Unfortunately it's not." Sylvia replied. "The emperor clearly stated the rules. That active skills on weapons were allowed. The higher grade the weapon is, the stronger the active skills usually are. Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do."

"I really think this is your fault anyway Kyle." Martha said trying to tease him even more.

Both the girls weren't upset though, they had achieved what they wanted to achieve. The reason they came here was to show the others that the Redwings were no pushovers. One of their men had just fought back only using skill against one of their strongest.

Unless they had an army full of people as skillful and with an Emperor tier weapon like Roki, then they wouldn't welcome the fight.

The two of them headed back to the tech and they didn't say a word to each other. Roki was getting his shoulder healed while Harry looked at Ray.

"I'm sorry." Harry said.

"Don't be Harry." Ray replied. "I should be the one apologising. I'll just get you your own emperor tier weapon next time."

The others in the tech had by now got used to Ray's crazy words and thoughts. Not anyone could just kill an emperor tier being. In their heads they were now starting to retire to Ray as the mad king.

"Next we have all the way from the Redwing kingdom, Ray Talen, and his opener Gaur Dwyne."

"The mad king finally enters the stage." The young blonde boy said.

"The last match was an unexpected surprise, I hope this one doesn't disappoint either."?Jones said.

"Finally." Savanna said in anticipation. However, she was worried that Guar would perhaps go too far. This was a king they were going up against, not just a random warrior. When she turned to look at him to see if he knew that, all she could see was him licking his lips.

"What a tasty red haired treat." Guar said as he started to walk towards the field.

Standing opposite each other, Ray wore no weapons or armour, he had been this way the whole time but it was his plan to show something to the people.

"No weapons or armour, it just makes it easier for me to see that sweet red blood of yours." Guar said.

Placing his arm upwards, suddenly, equipment started to form all over his body and in an instant it had appeared. The eyes of the crowd and contesters were opened wide at what had just happened.

"Is it magic?" Some were asking.

What Ray had done was something that only soul bound equipment could do. A technique that was passed on by the dwarf. If an equipment was soul bound to one, they could equip it and dequip as easy as Ray just showed. The only downside was the equipment could only be used by that person.

This technique had yet to be passed on to all of those in Bronzeland. Seeing Ray standing there like that, that's when a few of them from the crowd started to notice something.

"Doesn't he look a little familiar?" The young blonde warrior said.

It had clicked in Savanna's head. There was another person who had used gauntlets to fight. It was an odd choice in weapons which was why she remembered. Not only that, but these looked the same, and the person in front of her would have been about the same height. However, their facial features were slightly different.

"It couldn't be, could it?" She thought.

The sound beginning the match was heard, and taking his large axe form his back. Guar charged forward with no fear.

Ray wasn't looking in his opponents direction. Instead he was looking in the trench where all the others were watching.

"Fine, if you are planning to have a quick death I won't let that happen."?Guar said, still looking at Ray.

Not even for a second did Ray break eye contact with all the others, and it was starting to scare them a little.

"That mad king, what does he want?"

The axe was swung downward, and Ray leaned to the side. With his elbow, he used all his stretch to hit the axe before it could reach the ground. The force was so strong the axehad left Guar's finger tips no matter how tightly he wished to hold on.

The axe had gone flying until it was stuck in the arena wall. Then as hard as he could he stomped his foot into the ground where Guar's foot lay. It was smashed into pieces and the ground was broken as debris flew everywhere.

Then, using his hand, Ray pulled Guar's head down and had dug his fingernails into the back of his neck.

"No it really is.." Savanna said with her mouth wide open.

Now, all of the all kingdom contestants, apart from those from the empire and Harry himself was standing up in the trench. They had seen this exact thing before, everything was nearly identical, for it was what Nes had done to Bob.

"Let me ask you, do you want me to boil your blood?"

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 459: Sera the god
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Using all his strength, Guar tried to lift up his head, he was roughly twice the size of the person in front of him, and he knew how to utilise Ki.

'What is going on, it's not budging, is my Ki not working?' Was his first thought, but then he noticed the ground underneath his feet starting to crumble. His footing was dispersing as the sheer amount of Ki he was using was disrupting the ground.

Still, he was unable to move which meant one thing. That this man's Ki was vastly higher then his.

'No, it can't be. I'm the one that's meant to install fear into people.'

"It's going to be me not you!' Guar shouted. His reach was longer than Ray's, if he reached out he could still hit Ray even if he was holding him by his neck.

"Unfortunately, magic is not allowed, and it looks like someone is keeping a close eye on me." Ray said, looking at the trench towards the black haired man, who was now smiling more than before.

Ray let go of his neck, and punched one hand away, and then the next. Guar felt like the bones inside his arms were shattered the second he had felt the impact. Then, throwing out a fist which hadn't even touched Guar, he was sent flying through the air.

"The Ki blast!" Jones shouted. "It has to be him. They're moves are too similar, unless."

There was one more dreaded thought. Maybe Nes was just another warrior and these were the things they taught the Redwing members.

Guar laid there on the floor, he wasn't going to get back up again. The match was called and Ray was declared the winner.

The crowd was unbiased in this situation. They clapped and cheered due to the sheer dominance that one contestant had shown over the over. These were the spectacles that they enjoyed watching.

Heading back the trench, Ray walked alone, Guar was the first contestant that had to be taken off for emergency treatment. All the others had made their opponents forfeit in some way, including Harry.

Before Ray could even reach the trench where the others were sitting, Savanna had ran out and immediately bowed down to him.

"King of the Redwings,?forgive me if I have ever been rude to you before." She said, as she peaked up. "I just have one question to ask. Are you the warrior Nes that we met before?"

Roki, hearing this, was surprised at what she was asking. Roki had mostly seen Ray use his swordsmanship which was sloppy. At times he had used his hands but only for a few seconds. He was unaware of what Nes did, and how they had come to this conclusion that these two were the same person.

But if what they said was true. Maybe there was a chance Roki could redeem himself. Redeem himself for what he had done to Harry. And fight a true fight.

"My name is not Nes." Ray replied. "I am Ray." When entering the trench, he walked past the old man and the young blonde boy who were at the front.

"These wounds have healed nicely." Ray said touching his midsection.

Jones' eyes widened, his heart was thumping even louder than before. They were the same person, and Ray was making Jones aware of it. He was basically threatening him for what he had done before.

'It might be best if the other kingdoms just forfeit out of this fight.' Jones thought.

Finally, it was the last fight of the day and the Empire's second man was announced, Sera Demi, along with a silver haired man who used a three pronged small blade that looked like a miniature pitch fork.

It was a strange pairing, but Ray was just hoping that the other contestant would be able to put up a fight long enough, so Ray could see what this man had.

When Sera walked out there, there were no cheers like that for Roki. Others were still a little confused as to who this man was. Still, since he was a contestant of the empire they cheered away anyway.

For those that were unable to sense Ki that greatly, they felt like this man was nothing special, and the same could be said for his opponent. Sera looked so plain, so ordinary and at the same time, with no weapons or armor he wasn't threatening at all.

"This is a place for warriors." The man said. " I suggest you forfeit now before you get seriously hurt."

But Sera just responded with a yawn.

"Do you think this person is strong?" Harry asked.

"Very strong." Ray replied.

The others had heard this too, which made them pay more attention then they first thought.

'So you noticed it too?' Roki thought.

"Let the match begin!" The announcer proclaimed and the fight had started.

The man with the two small pitchfork-like weapons came in lightning fast. His speed was far greater then any of the contestants they had seen today. He had moved the moment the match had started.

However, Sera looked unfazed, and then when the dagger was thrust towards him, suddenly the dagger itself looked as if it turned around all on its own, and had gone through the man's throat.

Blood splattered across Sera's face from the wound, and taking the dagger out, Sera repeatedly stabbed the man in the neck over and over.

They had both fallen to the floor and Sera was on top of him. He had yet to say a word, and all he did was repeatedly stab the contesters neck.

At first there were cheers, as the people saw their empire contestant winning, but soon they had stopped. The stabbing continued with the crowd in stunned silence as no one had intervened in the fight. Even though it was clear the other contestant was now dead.

This was because it was all on the Empire's Alexander's orders. Whatever happened in this fight they were to allow it, and just sit there and watch.

The stabbing continued for around three minutes until eventually Sera stood up, threw the blade on the ground and walked off.

His teammate at first from the same kingdom wanted to come out and stop it, but whenever he tried moving, he felt a strange shiver all over his body.

"What a freak, what the hell!" Kyle shouted, watching from above.

"How can the Empire just allow something like that. Why didn't they do anything?" Martha asked, watching horrified but unable to look away.

"It seemed like it was a message, a message to all of us." Sylvia said. Maybe the Empire had more problems than they wished to admit. They allowed such a crazy person to sit at the dinner table, and be by the Empire's side at all times?

The first day of events were over and the participants were told to go back to their place and rest. There were so many shocking things that had happened in today's event, but the one thing that stuck in all of their minds was the last fight of the day.

Maybe because it was the most recent, or maybe it was because Sera's blood splattered face was ingrained in their mind, how he was so emotionless as he had done his actions.

Inside the room, all of the Redwings were with Ray, discussing what had happened today including Roy.

"Well, it's official." Roy said. "I think I will be leaving this place and joining you guys after all. There's just too many things going on here. I don't like it, I don't like it one bit."

"I couldn't agree with you more." Kyle replied.

"Sylvia, it would be best if you started making preparations." Ray said.

"Preparations for what?" Sylvia asked nervously.

"For war."

A war with the empire, would it really get to that? Even with their strength they could never imagine winning and they still had the problem with the Shadow to deal with. While they were all thinking, a knock was heard at the door.

When Martha answered it, she was surprised to see it was one of the contestants waiting outside, but not just any of the contestants it was Roki.

"Your majesty." Roki said in a polite and respectful manner while bowing down. "Is it okay if we can have a talk."

Sylvia looked at Ray as if to say it was a bad idea, but Ray didn't feel the same way. He waved his hand, signalling everyone to leave the room. Then the two of them had sat down at the corner of the table at the back.

It was quiet between the two of them for a while until Roki finally spoke.

"I think it's best if the Redwings leave now." Roki said. "Forget about the tournament, you have already proved your strength to everybody so is there a need for you to stay."

Ray was surprised by this, he knew what Roki was like. When he saw a strong opponent, usually he would want to face him. That was why he had talked to Nes that time at the arena, but what had changed?

"Is it because of what happened with the Sera person?" Ray asked.

Roki nodded before speaking.

"You don't understand, when he came, things changed. He's not human. He's…"

"A god…" Ray replied.

Roki had this look on his face as if he wanted to say how did you know.

That's when Roki noticed something else, he had never been this close to Ray before, and he could see something around his neck. His eyes widened.

"That, where did you get that!" Roki asked.

He was pointing at the pendant that was gifted to him by his mother.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 460: The Empires past
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The pendant that Roki was pointing at was one that had been gifted by Ray's mother, he had worn it every day since. He thought nothing of it, until now. The fact that Roki noticed it had brought back what his mother had said to him the last time they had met.

She had told him that one day the necklace would come in handy for him, or bring him more trouble depending on how he saw it. Originally, his mother was from the Empire. All these facts, he had only learnt the last time he had seen her.

"It was a gift from my mother," Ray replied. "She told me it might be helpful one day if I was to get in trouble."

Roki looked to be deep in thought.

"Maybe that would have been true a while ago, but not now. How much do you know about the current situation of the Empire?" Roki asked.

"Not much at all," Ray replied. "I never used to bother with politics as much until of late. We have had our own problems with the shadow to deal with, to care about what the Empire does. It was you who attacked us first."

Ray said a little aggressive and displeased, he liked Roki, but Roki was still part of the Empire at the end of the day. He had to be careful how much information to divulge.

"Ray please, let me tell you I am very much on your side in all of this. The Empire itself at one point, was originally a kingdom. In the past, there were many smaller kingdoms and more than exist today. There was no shadow plague to worry about. The biggest threat was either each other or legendary beasts such as Dragons if you believe the tails.

"These smaller kingdoms were no match for the larger ones, and as tensions raised, they could see soon they would end up being consumed by these larger ones, forced to work as slaves. So thirteen of these smaller kingdoms came together and formed the 13 parties that exist within the Empire today.

"Trade between these 13 kingdoms was opened up, and they were able to share great resources. People were free to travel between borders, and because of all this, they began to thrive and gain great wealth. One of the advantages was most of these kingdoms were located along the coastline, allowing them to dominate trade.

"Another factor was how the thirteen parties worked. Decisions weren't made by an overall king or single ruler, but instead on a voter. A Leader who represented each of these parties."

If what Roki was saying so far was true, something had changed. Yet, he said the thirteen parties still existed today, but there was clearly one ruler.

"As time went on, the people's loyalties to their old kingdoms eventually disappeared, and they started to see the place as one. Support for the leaders diminished, and these thirteen parties eventually dwindled down to two for the public.

"The thirteen parties still existed, but they had to choose to support one side or another. The two sides saw that their policies and such significantly differed and if they didn't do anything soon, there would be a Civil war break out between the two.

"The other kingdoms were watching closely, they thought such a system would soon break down one day and were ready to pounce when it did, but the Empire of the old weren't fools. So the decision was made to crown one person the emperor but with a condition.

"The condition was that the thirteen parties still had the power. The emperor would have to win over seven seats to be elected, and at any point and time, this could change. So the emperor wasn't able to do as he wished, and the real power remained with the original thirteen.

Because the leaders accepted it as so, so did the people, and the conflict between the two sides started to die down. In order to stay on their good side, the emperor would listen to their suggestion that each of them would bring and take their advice.

"However, there were two major events that changed all of this, the first. One day, a strange ship that no one had seen crashed on one of the shores' border. Technically the borderlines still existed within the Empire, so what happened to the ship and the people inside was down to one of the parties.

"What the others came to find out later, was this ship was not from one of the continents of Bronzeland but one far away, one belonging to the dwarves."

Listening to this, Ray was thinking it was starting to sound similar to Randin's tail, of how he had first arrived, but he said he had split up from his group, and he was still looking for them.

"The leader in charge treated them well, gave them a place to live and looked after them. In return, they had agreed to build him something.

"Later on, one of the kingdoms finally couldn't wait any longer, seeing that the old Empire was getting its act together, they decided to strike while small conflicts were still happening within. It was the new Empire's first battle, and they were in shambles.

"They had learnt that it was hard to coordinate thirteen different armies, even if they were under two different banners. Only the leaders knew their men well, and if it continued, they would lose. That's when the dwarfs' invention had come into play. They had built a weapon that no one had seen before. It had changed the flow of the battle. The war was won thanks to this.

"The leader who owned the item was not on the side of the current emperor. The emperor tried his best to gain favour, but it never worked. So in the end, he tried to abuse his powers, forcing the item to his side. As long as he had seven people who agreed with him, it would not matter if he further upset this leader.

"However, the leader was smart, he had made it so, only he knew how to start the special item only he had the key. In the end, a new emperor was crowned due to this. The people wanted revenge and using the new item the dwarfs created they started to take over kingdom after kingdom, growing the Empire.

"As emperor changed the dwarfs eventually were forgotten about for their deeds they had done. Later on, the leader at the time didn't agree with conquering the continent. So they took the key and hid the weapon. Ray, the Empire didn't stop and make a truce with the other kingdoms because of the shadow, they stopped because the key to this item was lost.

"Long had they become reliant on the item's power, and they feared to start another war without it. The emperor had changed once again, and it had gone back to the old.

"Then, the second biggest event in the Empire's history happened, and that is the introduction of the black-haired man named Sera. Somehow, Alexander, who was a leader who never obtained any seats before had obtained nine of them.

"I don't know how, I don't know why, but it all happened when that man was by his side. I found out a few things, some strange things that weren't possible for a human to do. Which led me to the conclusion. The man was either a god or a demon."

Ray already knew the answer to the last one. Listening to the story, there were a few important points Ray had picked up. The old Empire had a weapon built by the dwarfs that was strong enough to deal with other kingdoms and not worry about the shadow as a threat. However, the key was lost.

The leaders were worried about their lost powers. Perhaps this god took advantage of that, promising them all new things, showing them things humans were incapable of.

As Ray thought about it more, he was getting frustrated with these so-called gods. It was as if they were all kids, wishing to beat each other, and the humans were their tools in doing so.

The Divine being, trying to control the six contestants and now the Redwings, Sera, controlling the Empire, and whoever was behind the shadow.

Whatever was the case, Ray didn't care if they were gods or not, he wouldn't let them have thier way. If they were the gods of humans, then Ray would have considered himself the gods of dragons.

'Let's see who will win this little game.'

"Ray, do you not understand?" Roki asked, interrupting his thought. "The reason why I'm telling you this. My family has been loyal to one of the leaders from the beginning, but one day, our current leader had run off disappeared. My family were the ones who initially held the weapon and the key, we have been keeping it a secret for generations.

"But when our leader ran off, they took the Key with them. That pendant is the key to the item. Whoever gave you that, has chosen you to be the next leader, which I fall under. So I promise, whatever you need me to do, I will do it."

'Did this mean, Ray's mother was the old leader?'

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 461: Become the Emperor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Surprised."

Was one of the words Ray thought of after hearing Roki words. He would have never imagined any of this to be the case. His mother was always a secretive person, and his father for that matter from a young age.

When Ray got older he always thought it didn't make sense for both of them to settle down in a no name village with their skills. His dad was a strong warrior and his mother one of the best fire mages he had seen. With their skills, they could have made a decent coin anywhere.

Still, just because his mother had obtained the pendent, didn't mean she was the previous leader. She could have got it off someone else and given it to Ray as a gift.

"Roki, were you alive while the previous leader was still present, do you have any idea what she looked like or their personality?" Ray asked.

"Yes, I was still around, as you can tell I'm quite old. The previous leader was a black haired woman, she was a gentle kind soul with an upbeat personality. It was perhaps because of this she chose to run away with the key."

Ray didn't want to believe it but the person described sounded exactly like his mother. He thought this all might have been some trick or story made up by the empire, but not many knew what Ray's mother looked like. Judging by his hair, they would have also assumed his mother had the same danger red hair as well.

Ray lifted his hand and started to touch the pendent, which was long and light blue in colour, he twisted it while in the middle of his thoughts.

He had something the empire wanted and they didn't know about it. It was a favourable position to be in.

"Ray, don't reveal yourself or that jewel. Ever since they have had Sera on their side, slowly the emperor's confidence has grown. If he knew you had the key, he would definitely attack to try to find it. Also, even though you have the key, we have no clue where the item is.

"Myself and the other four parties that are against the current emperor have been looking for it, but have been unable to find it. When we do, then we can play our cards, use this as a reason to turn the tides and elect a new emperor. Ray, you could become the emperor!" Roki said excitedly.

"Calm down." Ray replied. "That isn't my wish, at least not right now. All I want is the empire off my back, that is why we came to the all kingdom tournament."

With Ray thinking about it more, if he had the whole of the Empire's army, surely it would have helped him with his war against the shadow coming up, but it was all too soon. It would be a risk, trying to search for this weapon, instead of increasing his current forces.

Then even if he became an emperor, he would have to deal with traitors, setting everyone straight and more. It could prove to be even worse than he was imagining. He needed to deal with things one problem at a time.

"This God, Sera, you said you saw him do strange things, do you know what his powers are?" Ray asked.

Bliss, the divine being, was strong in magic and had great knowledge in magic research, but that was due to how much time she had spent on the continent choosing to study those things. As an actual god, her power was foresight. To be able to see the future.

Even with Ray's 1000 dragon abilities, he was unable to see the future. No matter how much more powerful in magic he was than her.

Van, the prince had absolute control over mana. So much so that he could make a simple beast explode from the inside out. Another thing Ray was unable to do. He was only able to use mana from inside his body, or that he stole from nature and other living beings.

And if Ray's guess was right, the Shadow was a god that had the ability to spread its own power into any beast or person, infecting them like a virus. Like some mastermind controller.

But what was Sera's power?

"That man is simply unstoppable with any weapon in his hand. Even if he has never seen a weapon before when he touches it, it's as if he instantly has become a master of it. No explanation, no training needed." Roki replied.

"A god of weapons?" Ray asked.

"Perhaps, but I would more accurately describe him as a god of war. His skills excel most when on a war field. He knows how to command an army perfectly, and they seem to get a strange increase in power. On top of this, the more blood that gets spilt the wilder that man gets.

"You can see it in his eyes, he starts to lose his mind more and more as blood is spilt. It's as if his power thrives on war happening all over the place. This is why I'm worried, soon I fear he will not be able to contain himself, and I start to think who is really the emperor at the moment."

"Sera, Ares, huh?" Ray thought.

With the conversation over between the two of them, it left Ray with a lot to think about, but ultimately his original plan didn't change. He had just learnt more about the empire. In terms of what to do, honestly he wanted to ask his mother in this situation, but there was no way for him to contact her.

Thinking about this, to make sure what Roki was saying was true, Ray decided to offer him a contract. At first Roki was surprised, he thought Ray was a simple warrior and the magic before his eyes he had never seen before.

Still, he didn't hesitate to accept the contract, which surprised Ray. It seemed like Roki really was loyal to his party and was dead certain that the previous leader was Ray's mother.

After showing Roki how to use the system, they both split ways, and Roki promised he would update him whenever he could.

"Roki, if we meet in the arena, I want you to use your full strength." Ray said. He wanted to make sure Roki wouldn't forfeit or pull out of the fight just because their relationship as rivals had suddenly changed.

'Of course I will help you grow, and if I leave this place or return, I will teach you how to use a sword. Your skills are quite sloppy." Roki said with a cheeky grin.

After Ray had called everyone back into the room, he decided to tell them everything. Down to the last detail, including the part about Sera being a god. They already knew about the Divine Being, so it wasn't so much of a far fetched idea.

They seemed to be more stunned than him after hearing everything.

"Ray, are you some kind of main character in a novel or something?" Kyle asked. "How the hell do so many things happen to you, why you?"

"Well, he is the child in the prophecy." Martha replied. "That's why you were selected in that special group at Avrion as well. Thank us all that you weren't the chosen one otherwise we would have all been doomed."

The group chuckled at the words, but all of this was happening because Ray at one point was a powerful being, and now as a human he was as well. Power pulled in the era, and he had it, but he didn't have it all yet.

With everything discussed, they all decided to get a good night's rest. They would continue through the tournament until the end, and then leave hopefully with no harm being done. Ray at least wanted to see the full extent of Sera's power. He wondered if the Empire or the Shadow was a bigger threat, and which to prioritise, or which was to attack them first.

That night as each of them slept, Sylvia, who was sharing a room with Martha was covered in sweat. She was twisting and turning and murmuring a few indecipherable words. It was the first time something like this had happened.

Then, she placed her hand over her eyepatch, as a slight pain was felt.

'Is it the shadow, is it starting to infect me now? Am I really going to become infected, but I was fine before. Brother also said that none of the others had turned into a true infected.'

Then, a voice was heard in her head.

"I'm…coming…."

The pain suddenly stopped, and the voice along with it.

'I'm coming… What was that, and who…' Sylvia couldn't help but think that maybe this all kingdom tournament event wouldn't go as they all planned, not just for the Redwings, but the Empire as well.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 462: The quarter finals
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day of the All kingdom tournament had started, and seven contestants were remaining. The old man Jones, Savana with the two daggers, the young blonde boy warrior, another ranged female contestant who used a crossbow, Roki from the empire, Sera from the empire and lastly, Ray from the Redwing kingdom.

Because of the odd amount of people, it meant one of them would be lucky enough to not have to fight today and would be able to move onto the next round. The seven of them were waiting in the trench patiently, while those who had lost the fight were able to head to the arena's VIP section to watch the match.

Harry was now up above, looking with Kyle and the rest.

"So Ray is going to go through this whole thing and win it right, the Empire can't just suddenly say no to the prizes they promised if we do?" Kyle asked, feeling confident about their chances.

"Yeah, as long as you don't bet on anyone we'll be fine," Martha said.

Suddenly, Kyle could feel this strange heat coming off from his right side, he didn't want to turn around for he feared it was a fire he wasn't going to be able to extinguish.

"You betted on me!" Harry shouted. "Why…why would you put your damn curse on me."

"Hey, don't tell me you're superstitious now, you don't actually believe in that stuff, right? Kyle asked.

Originally Harry would have said no, but with all the things happening to Avrion, the Redwings and Ray. It really did seem like the prophecy laid it out for him. If he didn't believe in superstitions, he had to claim not to believe in prophecies.

"Are you feeling okay?" Roy asked Sylvia, who was by his side. The whole time she hadn't said a word. Usually, she would have butted in with a line or two, interred, she was constantly looking around the arena as if she was trying to find someone.

"It's nothing, i'm just wondering if we have spent too much time here," Sylvia replied. "We've already really completed our goal. I think when Ray wins his next match, we should probably just pack up our things and go."

This was the first time Slyvia had made such a suggestion which made Roy think she was lying, but he hadn't known Slyvia wrong, it wasn't his place to interfere. She had offered him a place to stay, and he would help her out for that,

"This first match of the day will be between…" There was a slight pause while selecting the two names. "Roki and Vinny."

Vinny was the name of the young blonde boy, who had come together with Jones, the old man. Although he looked the youngest, but actually wasn't since Ray and Harry were, they just looked old for their age.

The young blonde boy was still very skilled. When they got to the centre of the arena, both Roki and Vinny pulled out their long swords.

"Are you not going to be using the blade you used yesterday?" Vinny asked, seeing it wasn't the one that beat Harry.

"The man last time was skilled enough to force me to use it. I believe you are not." Roki replied. Maybe to some it would seem like quite the rude comment, but Roki was just a blunt honest person.

"I'll make you eat your words," Vinny said.

The fight started with Vinny charging forward. He had a determined look on his face as if he wanted to prove something to the world, to everyone. During his time here, he could see it in all of their eyes.

They had judged him before even seeing his skills, but he was changing their opinions after his first fight. Unfortunately, the next three fights after him, had overshadowed his and completely forgotten about.

However, now he was fighting against Roki, he would definitely be remembered if he could beat him. When he reached a good distance, there was a strike downward from Vinny, but at the same time, Roki had done a perfect parry.

He deflected the sword with his and then swirled it around in a circle. The motion was so forceful, and the force was far stronger than Vinney imagined.

'What's happening?" Vinny thought as he felt a strange energy enter his wrist, Roki's Ki was entering his body and disrupting his own. Roki was not only skilful with the sword but had great control of Ki as well.

However, Harry in the last fight had never given him the chance to use such a thing.

The ki control Roki had done, caused Vinny to feel weak in his wrist, then with the swirling parry, he had flung his sword to the side and now there was a sword directly at his throat.

"Roki is the winner!"

The match was over, and it felt like it had only lasted five seconds. Vinny was disappointed, but there wasn't much he could do.

'That person is a strong one.' Ray thought. 'It would be good if there was some way we could take him back to the Redwings for the war against the shadow. Without angering the empire.'

This seemed hard, Roki was clearly quite important to the empire. Important enough to be elected as one of their candidates, but Ray just wanted Roy for himself.

"The next fight will be, Sera against Jones."

It was the old man who had punctured Ray several times. Against Sera the god of war, Jones being more skilful, Ray was expecting he could see more of Sera's skills.

When the two entered the stage, and the match had started, Jones put his spear down on the floor immaturity.

"I forfeit from the match," Jones said. Like that Sera was through to the semi-finals.

Jones was no fool, and none of the other contestants could blame him for quitting. All of them had respect for human life. They would try to knock out or get the other person to give up before resorting to killing them. But Sera was different, he would look for the kill immediately.

Although Jones was old, he wanted to live the rest of his years happily.

'I'm not a worthy opponent for you anyway' Jones thought as he looked at Ray.

These two monsters were the ones who should be fighting.

The announcer over onto the next fight calling out the next two names.

"A fight between Savana and Ray."

The two entered the stage, and just like with the last game, Savana didn't draw her daggers and lifted her hand. Declaring she would forfeit for the day.

Because this had happened twice in a row now, people from the crowd started to boo. They came here wanting to see a fight and the only thing they had seen was a five second match, and two people forfeit, and that was the end of the day.

There were no more matches, the rest were scheduled for tomorrow.

A brief pause was made, the day for the arena had ended far earlier than they had anticipated and people had paid money to watch the event. The organisers felt like they needed to do something to fill up at least sometime, so a suggestion was made and they were waiting to see if the last person who had yet to fight was willing to participate in their plan.

Fourtnutley, the participant had said yes. Onto the field the last person, the female crossbow user had entered waving her hand. This meant that she would be fighting today, but there was no opponent standing opposite her.

"Everyone please give this warrior your cheers for she has agreed to fight a king tier beast for your entertainment!" The announcer said.

The crowd cheered and were delighted about this.

She placed her bolt in her crossbow and was ready. The gate built into the side of the arena wall was opened, along with the lure to allow the beats to come onto the stage. She waited patiently for what was to come out of that large tunnel.

A minute had passed, and it seemed like the beast had yet to meet the arena, everyone was waiting in anticipation.

"Aww. Grgg." Slyvia started to moan out. She placed her hand on her eye patch and went on her knees.

"Slyvia, what's wrong, is it the shadow?" Martha asked.

"He's coming, someone is coming…" Slyvia said.

Finally, it looked like a figure could be seen walking out from the tunnel, but it was a human shape of all things. Humanoid beasts existed, but at the king tier level, they were very rare. When it finally stepped out into the light, its full body could be seen.

It looked like that of an ant but was standing on two human-like feet, while its many limbs were at the side of its body. And worse of all, a strange shadow was surrounding it.

"Isn't that what we saw at the research facility!" Roy shouted.

The beast that was beyond a king tier, infected by the shadow., An infected emperor tier, which would bring it up to the next level.

Ray seeing the beast, didn't know what to do, was this planned by the Emperor, were they in control of it?

"What is that?" Alexander asked, not recognising it as the beast that was planned for the event.

"We aren't sure, sir." Another one replied.

A blink, a single blink was all it took, for them to miss what had happened, but a human had been left rolling on the floor. One of the contestants for the all kingdom tournament was dead.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 463: A Trio
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When some time had passed, and they had yet to see the beast arrive in the arena. The workers started to wonder what was going on. This led to the original organiser of the arena to send his men underground.

This was where the beasts would be kept, King tier, all the way up to the emperor tier. Usually, the place would have a routine check-up. Still, due to the beasts' aggressive nature, they would try to keep people out of there whenever possible.

The cages were strong, but eventually, they would be worn down, especially by the stronger beasts. However, when the men went to check out what was going on, perhaps their automated system had malfunctioned, as soon as they entered the dark pit, a strange smell hit them.

It was thick and heavy, the smell of death. Entering the room, each one of the cages that held the beasts in places had been destroyed, and inside, all of the beasts had been killed.

"What could have done all this?" One of the guards said.

They all seemed to have two things in common, first, their heads ripped from their body, and second a puncture wound in a certain place. Most commonly, where the beast crystal would be. Beasts crystals could be anywhere inside a beast, so even if the puncture wounds seemed random, they weren't.

It made sense on the weaker beasts if something or someone did this, but as the two guards walked forward, the tier of beast increased, and the pattern was the same.

"Were they not even able to put up a fight, how strong was the thing that killed them?" Then they saw it, they saw the three emperor tiers they had in captivity all killed the same way.

This was reported as soon as possible, and when the information had finally reached the emperor's ears, he was already looking at the beast that caused it all.

The humanoid ant beast had just killed one of the contestants', and from his pressure alone they were struck with fear, too scared to move.

"Hey what do we do, should we go down there or let the empire deal with this?" Kyle said. Right now this was a foreign land. In a way, the emperor was the enemy, so he was confused with what to do, but these people were innocent as well.

The one they all turned to look at was Sylvia. However, she was completely out of it, grabbing her eyepatch.

"Hey is she going to be okay?" Kyle asked.

Roy rushed over and snatched off the eyepatch covering her eye. The shadow inside it was moving about, and slowly it looked like it was creeping over to the other side.

"This is bad," Roy said, looking at the beast. It seemed like somehow the beast in front of them was affecting Sylvia, but Roy was starting to fear the worst.

The shadow ant stood there, and from its four hands that were clenched shut at this point, it opened them, dropping something on the ground. The others knew what they were, but the ones who could sense Ki greatly or the ones that could see a little better like the contestants in the trench could see it.

It had dropped several crystals down on the floor. It was clear that some of them were at the emperor tier level and king tier, while there were a few others.

Knowing this fact alone just added to the intense moment.

The normal calm and calculated Alexander looked frustrated, this clearly wasn't part of the show nor in his plans at all.

"I never thought the shadow would come for us so soon," Alexander said. They were the furthest away from the shadow continent and at the same time had done the least to harm them. They never helped the other kingdoms and had really only had a few scuffles with shadow beasts here and there.

Unlike the other kingdoms who had gone into battle, especially the Alure kingdom.

'Was it because of the facility, did they find out what we were trying to do?" Alexander thought. It was the only thing he could think of.

He grabbed one of the crystals which allowed him to communicate with both Sera and Roki directly. "That beast, you need to get rid of it now, before it brings this entire empire down!"

"Tell them the event is Called Off, and get the people to leave now!" Alexander said to his aide, who was off.

The scene down below was still at a standstill, no one had moved and that included the ant beast. It seems like the message had reached the audience's ears, and they started to leave. However, screams were heard, and some chose to rush in back to the arena.

"Keep an eye on her." Kyle said, as he ran through the people and rushed to the top of the arena. He used his black sash skills to help him scale up the wall until he finally reached the highest point allowing him to see out of the arena.

On the ground floor, he could see several different people all coming towards the arena. They were surrounding it. The knights from the arena went out to engage with them, but they were killed with a few swings and hits.

"Great," Kyle said. "Now all we need is the Dark Guild leader to appear out of nowhere," Kyle complained referencing the fact at Avrion's own tournament something similar had occurred.

Looking at the people closer, Kyle noticed that he had seen a few of them before, he started to rack his head, and it had clicked. He looked at Sylvia, looked back towards them, before looking at Sylvia again.

They were from the facility. Was all of this the doing of the Shadow ant. According to Sylvia, she had been injected by the shadow at the time, to her and the others it seemed harmless, but it turned out not to be true at all.

Maybe dormant was the correct term, and now this creature had arrived activating it.

That's when Kyle saw it, Sylvia was standing there, and now, both Roy and Martha had backed away from her, and Harry had his two swords drawn.

'Slyvia, she's being controlled as well.'

Kyle looked to Ray, to see if he had noticed anything, but he was far too concerned about a more pressing matter. If he knew about this, it would only distract him more.

'Save Sylvia and then save the rest, it's all up to you, Kyle.' He said, rushing down to get with the others.

"Old man, give me your spear." Sera stood up and had his hand held out.

For a second, Jones hadn't heard him for the only thing he was looking at was the shadow ant. But Sera wasn't going to ask twice.

A fist came out, punching the old man in the face and breaking his nose. Then a kick to his body and the spear was yanked out of his hand.

"You old fool, stop gawking at the thing. If none of you are going to fight, then you might as well leave this place. Go fight the idiots outside!" Sera said.

They were confused at what Sera was talking about.

"There are true infected are outside," Ray said. "They are approaching the arena and possibly have us surrounded. The knights of the empire are strong, but they lack experience. They have never faced a true infected before.

Go to help them."

His words, short, simple and straight to the point. They wanted to move but felt like they still couldn't. If they did the beast would kill them, they could feel it.

Ray sighed before waving his hand.

[Skill cast]

[Mind calm]

Suddenly, they no longer felt a great pressure that was once there, and they could move again.

It was a skill that Ray had unlocked after freeing those slaves. He never really saw a use for this skill, Fear was sometimes a good thing, not good to run for your life when your body was telling you.

But here, it was too much. They were scared to the point where their body had given up.

Most of the others now with their mind free had chosen to leave, but a couple of people had stayed. Jones, who had a bloody nose, got up from the ground and Savana. In truth, they knew that if these three weren't able to kill the beast, then they were all dead anyway.

I might have been selfish of them not to help the others, but they wanted to witness the fight that would determine their fate. There might even have been a chance they could help.

Now walking from the trench, a trio that never thought they would be working together walked towards the beast. Sera, Ray and Roki.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 464: Sera bleeds!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

No one ever thought they would see these three men working together rather than competing against each other. Still, in a way, it showed everyone just how dangerous the threat was in front of them.

If it was something that could have easily been dealt with, then the three of them wouldn't have been going out together like they were doing now. The first one to go forward out of everyone was Sera. He held his spear tightly and charged forward.

Ray was about to do the same, waiting for him to make the first strike and then he could follow up dealing a big blow, but Roki had stopped him placing his sword down in front. The two of them stopped, and Sera was going in on his own.

"If the two of them take out each other here, then it will be a thorn in our backside taken out for the future," Roki said. "trust me, that man is someone who will be best taken out now."

There was no hesitation as Sera started off with a stab. Before it could reach the ant-man, the spear was thrust forward with one of his hands it had grabbed the spear. As soon as this happened, Sera spun his body along with the spear creating a quick rotation, and the head of the spear had managed to shred the ant's hand causing small cuts.

As soon as the ant had let go, Sera charged forward again thrusting in different spots. However, this time, the ant allowed the spear to hit its body, and when it did, the spear started to bend in the middle. It was made out of an advanced tier beast crystal and strong metal.

The bending of such a metal would have been hard to do, but it just went to show, one, how strong Sera's attack was but, two, how much stronger the ant's natural skin was as well. The weapons they were using were not strong enough.

If this was a level above an emperor tier, that would mean it was at the legendary tier. If it was infected by the shadow, it would make it a Demi god in terms of fighting power. Which meant it had the same strength as the Wyvern that protected Avrion that one time.

It was crazy to imagine, the only plus side was its body would still be at the legendary level. Unfortunately, that meant the only weapon that could deal damage to it, would be the emperor tier weapon that Roki held or magic that was insanely strong.

Seeing his weapon brake, Sera came to the same conclusion. "Roki sword!" Sera shouted with his hand held out. Not once did Sera even turn back. He was expecting it to be in his hand at any moment now.

However, it never came, and instead, the ant shadow had moved forward and delivered three punches at the same time throwing Sera off to the side. When his fists had hit, he heard his bones inside his body shatters. When he finally had crashed into the hall. His arms and hands were crushed, his body mangled with his arms and legs in places they shouldn't have been.

Seeing Sera get hit aside like that, made Jones and Svanan lose a bit of hope. They knew how strong he was, even if the crowd didn't.

Now the ant was looking towards Roki and Ray.

"Do you want the sword?" Roki asked.

"No, it's useless in my hands" Ray replied. "It's all down to you."

If it was a fight before Ray had learned of Mana Drain effects, Ray would have fought him differently from the start. He would have created multiple clones of himself while replenishing his mana, hoping to overwhelm the ant.

But he had promised he would never use that skill on his own people again. If he could hold the ant, that was a different story.

'You ugly beast!" Ray shouted. "If I was me before you wouldn't be looking at me like that."

"ARGHHHHHH!" A yell from the side was heard.

Before they had even engaged, it looked like Sera was up again. His mangled body had healed itself in that short amount of time, his shattered bones no longer broken, and he was standing perfectly fine on his two feet.

It didn't even look like he had gotten into a fight, the only difference there was a little red coming from under his nose. He whipped his hand underneath, and he could see a blood smear on his fingers.

His head started vibrating, his whole body was shaken with anger.

'Blood, my…blood.'

A sight he hadn't seen in a while, it had set him off.

"I'll kill you! I'll kill you and all of the shadow!' Sera shouted.

A strange energy was felt around the two of them in the ring, and a notification screen appeared.

[You are receiving a buff from the god of war.]

[Overall strength has increased by ten percent]

[Weapon mastery has increased]

[Weak point view now can be seen]

There was no question about where this was coming from. These buffs were because of Sera. Ray's own eyes were now glowing a slight golden colour, and when he looked at Roki, the same could be seen there. It looked like Roki was receiving the same buff's as well.

Ray started to think about what Roki had said early, that his true strength was when he was on the battlefield. Somehow he was able to lead his troops to Victory in fights they should have lost. Was this one of the reasons why? It was a skill similar to Ray's dragon roar, only it seemed to be better.

When Ray looked at the ant creature in front of him, he could see all sorts of colours from Red to brown. They were more colours in between these two colours all over the ant's body.

"It's the ant's weak points," Roki said. "I don't know how it works, but Roki allows us to see the ants weakest parts, the redder the area is, that's where you want to aim."

When looking at the ant through, there didn't seem to be a weak point on its body. There was only one red area. The eyes. Everything else was dark brown over it, with the mixture of colours underneath.

It was as if the ant was wearing beast gear itself, but it was just its natural hard exterior body.

Sera started to laugh like crazy's and Alexander, the emperor, looked concerned, looking down at them.

"Sir, let's get out of her, we need to get you to safety." One of his guards said.

Before agreeing to go with them, Alexander looked down at Sera one more time.

"You crazy monster, you better get rid of that thing," Alexander said. "If you can't do something like this, then all the trouble I went through to keep you here would have been pointless."

Alexander was trying to remember all of the things that Sera had done. Alexander wanted to become emperor, he had the drive for it, and in some ways the smarts in how to run the place. The problem was he wasn't ruthless enough to do the dark things to get to where he wanted to be. He had always tried to win the seats fairly.

That was until he had met Sera. He was a man who loved conflict, not just to do with fighting, but a conflict of any kind.

One would think that based on Sera's personality he had obtained the seats by threatening the other leaders, perhaps told them he would kill them if they didn't vote for Alexander, but he went beyond what he needed to.

He somehow made their own families, wives, children turn against them. Fights started to break out within their own parties. Some of thier closest friends tried to murder them. Seeing all of these things happen, pleased Sera somehow. Eventually, he had helped Alexander get to where he was today.

But when that had ended, Sera's boredom grew, with no target to ignite fighting and conflict, he started to affect even Alexander's own people. Straight away when strange things were happening in his household that couldn't be explained by human means, he knew it was him.

To keep him in check, Alexander often had to send Sera out on the battlefield to satisfy his lust. It was something he should have gotten rid off a long time ago but never had the chance. Now he was stuck with this devil on his shoulder.

This led to Alexander's obsession, if he was to find the item, the item that allowed them to take over entire kingdoms of the past. Then it would be a power perhaps equal to rival Sera. No longer did they need to rely on him, and if he tried to turn against them, they could fight back.

Running faster then he had before, Sera charged into the ant once again and on his way, he had taken the king tier long sword that Roki carried.

A few clashes were made against the ant, but still, there wasn't a single scratch. Sera fared better this time, but it was only about five seconds until he was hit and sent flying again.

"Roki, it looks like were going to have to join this fight after all," Ray said.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 465: The fight with the shadow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was one word for the empire knights at the moment, and that was "Unorganised." Knights were currently running around the whole empire at the moment and heading everywhere but the arena. This was because several reports from up high, which were received from below of attacks happening in different areas were being reported.

With a big army, the longer it took to mobilise it correctly. Still, they would have small units placed in each area for circumstances such as these. The knights that were stationed in these areas would go to the closest reports first. This was to keep them busy, and at the moment, no one knew what was going on at the arena.

The broadcast was paused after the remaining contestants forfeited. To them, all the fights that were meant to happen had already taken place and thought it was quite normal for it to stop. They never saw that one of the contestants was meant to fight the beast, nor the shadow beast entering the arena.

All of this was because of the parties involved at the top. Some were against the empire and somehow had a grudge with what Sera had done to them, and they saw this as an opportunity. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, so they would use the shadow to get rid of both of them.

The only knights that were engaged with the True Infected were those that were at the arena. Each one of them was a person who had come from the strange facility. About a hundred of them were surrounding the area, while there were two hundred or so knights.

The empire knights were skilful, more so than your average knight. They were stronger then the regular knight's other kingdoms had, and one could see that with how little people they had lost so far to the true infected. The main problem was, the enemies number wasn't getting any smaller.

Each time they struck their bodies, the shadow would morph and move covering where they just hit. Even if they weren't getting hurt due to their skill, they were tiring themselves out attacking and defending all the time seeing no result. It was not just physically but a tremendous mental toll not seeing the opponent in front of you wearing down.

"Sir, not one of these monsters have been defeated yet." A knight said huffing and panting.

"I know." He said as he Deflected another attack, not sure how much longer he could keep this up for.

Just then, while the infected hand was lifted from the parry, he saw a blonde-haired young warrior rush passed with his longsword. He was committing fully to the blow and had gone slightly right of the target instead of left. It looked like he was aming for the heart at first but then for some reason altered his attack.

The sword had implied the true infected, and soon the shadow surrounding the person had fallen, revealing a middle-aged woman with a mouth full of blood.

"Thank you." She mouthed as she fell to the floor.

"May you rest in peace."

Not just there, but in all different directions, the all kingdom fighters had come to help and turn the tides. They who had experience fighting the shadow.

"The shadow is mostly an illusion, it will shift it in places to make you assume the body is in one place. Even if you do cause a cut, it will make it look like you haven't." The young boy shouted. "The shadow will continue to force the user to fight, no matter how torn its body is using the shadows' strange properties. Stabitsin it's heart, to kill and get rid of the shadow. To find the real body, those that can use Ki, focus it in your eyes and hopefully you will be able to pinpoint where the heart is. It is important that you are fully committed to kill with each strike. The longer the fight goes on, the more chance you have of losing."

If the young blonde haired boy had just come out and spouted these facts, there wouldn't have been many that listened to him, but because he did so after defeating one so easily. The other knights took his word.

The squad leader of the empire couldn't help but think this had to be planned. These were the best warriors of the other kingdoms', and they had experienced war themselves. Perhaps the kingdoms weren't as weak as the empire perceived them to be.

Still the true infected were strong, and those from the all Kingdom tournament weren't many. They could only help so much at a time as they went around.

Inside the arena itself, Slyvia was reacting a little differently to the others. Her eyes were now completely black. With her sword and shield, she started to swing them at Martha and Harry, who were closest.

It was strange, the swings were wild, and her voice slightly distorted. While her body was completely fine. To them, it meant they had hope, she was stronger than others and fighting it. Or perhaps it was because she hadn't been infected with the shadow for too long, there was still a chance to save her.

Harry tried to hit her sword away, in a skilful way that would de arm her, but when he made contact, the strength in her swing was harder then he had thought. It was almost equal to his own. Yes her attacks were sloppy but powerful. If he wanted to, he could hurt and attack her, but that wasn't what they were trying to do right now.

They needed to knock her out somehow without getting hurt themselves, which at the moment was a hard thing to do.

Slyvia with her black filled pupils looked at all of them as if they were her prey, but suddenly, out from behind something had latched onto her back. His legs wrapped around her waist and holding her arms up while keeping him locked together behind her neck.

"Kyle!" Martha said.

"Stop saying my name, and do something." Kyle blurted out.

It was taking all his strength, including using his Ki just to keep her in that position. Sylvia shook and shook as if she was trying to get a monkey off her back.

"Tackle her to the ground!" Roy shouted.

Borth Martha and Harry looked at him, confused.

"Just do it, trust me," Roy said, as both of his hands were starting to glow slightly.

Not using their swords was ideal for them, so they listened, and started running forward with their shoulder out front. They knew Slyvia now had crazy strength so they would both have to slightly transform into their beast forms to give them that extra power.

Kyle, who was still held on top, could see them coming towards her, and in his head, he could picture what was going to happen to him as well.

The two banged straight into her, and then when she was in the air, they slammed her into the ground pinning her down. The blow was strong, and the seats where they were sitting were utterly destroyed as the body hit the floor.

However, Kyle had never let go, and he had taken most of the impact. Luckily he had a feeling that his so-called friends wouldn't be out for his concern, so just before everything happened, he too transformed and hardened his back just in time.

Now with all three of them pinning her down. Roy quickly hopped on top of her.

"Whatever you do, don't let go," Roy said as he placed both hands on top of her chest piece.

It started to glow slightly and the chest piece heated up, in turn heating up her body as well. At the same time, an almighty scream from the top of Slyvia's lungs had come out.

"You're hurting her. You're going to kill her!" Martha shouted.

Harry wasn't too sure this was the right thing to do either. The heat was extreme, because he could even feel it radiating on his face and he wasn't as close as Sylvia was.

"This won't get rid of the shadow, but it will temporarily halt it from taking over any more of her body. As long as her mind is active, it gives the shadow, that ant thing or whatever a chance to take over. The shadow is what's keeping her from passing out right now. Do you think any normal person could take this amount of pain?"

Then slowly, it looked as if the shadow was retreating from one of the eyes.

"Who are you?" Harry asked.

"Don't you remember, I'm a tower mage of Roland academy."

"Ex." Kyle managed to blurt out, still being crushed by the others' pressure as they continued to pin her down.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 466: All kingdom end (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An almighty roar was let out through the whole arena and could be heard by the citizens as well as the contestants who stood outside of the arena. It was so loud that it wouldn't have been physically possible for a human to do, yet they could see a human doing it now.

[Dragon's roar activated]

This was coming from none other than Ray. Luckily for him, the strange action could be explained away via Ki or amplification magic. Now everyone under the Redwings contract had received a boost of power, which included his newly turned member Roki.

After receiving the buff from Sera and now receiving the buff from Ray, Roki had never felt stronger in his whole life. He knew Sera was capable of things like this but Ray as well.

Looking at the ant man sadly, Ray knew this was an opponent he couldn't defeat. Not with his current set of abilities and magical power, and not with his king tier gauntlets. So Ray's plan from the beginning was to always rely on Roki and his emperor tier weapon.

Sera continued to fight like a madman, getting hit and healing, hit and healing. It would have been torture for any regular human, their bones being crushed and healed on the fly like that, but there was nothing but a smile on his face.

It was clear that no progress would be made, and the Ant would soon go on the full frontal attack. Before doing anything else, Ray decided to send a message to the others; however, the messages were blocked once again.

This was a strange thing indeed because he could see the people he wanted to send a message to. If he really wanted to, he could have yelled and sent them a message. Then a thought came into his head, when he tried using the dragon eyes on Sera, he knew he was trying to use them, and they were blocked.

Just maybe it wasn't the shadow that was stopping his abilities in the empire in the first place, but it was all because of Sera.

Not needing to worry about that for now. Ray activated his gauntlets, and the red semi circle of energy surrounded them. After that, activating his fire energy, half his mana points were taken, and his flame attribute was doubled.

Out of all his attribute points, it was still by far his strongest. It was a shame because, at times, different beasts would be weaker against certain elements. Something like poison would be perfect right now, but Ray didn't have much attribute points in that.

There were some skills that he used to have as a dragon that would fix this problem but not now, not as a weak human. Blasting his way forward using the flames to guide him along, Ray fired a fireball at the right time against the Ant.

It was a normal sized fireball but still should have done some form of damage. Sera had just entered doing a flurry of attacks before being hit away once again, so it was the perfect timing, but the Ant just stood there and allowed for the fire ball to hit it.

A small explosion, and a cloud of smoke, but no damage done to its body, it didn't even flinch form the attack.

'Are our power levels this different?'

When one went one rank up in beasts, this was the difference. Even if someone could defeat three emperor tiers simultaneously, it didn't mean they could defeat a legendary tier or even a Demi god tier.

Still, Ray didn't give up, he couldn't, and he went in, covering his fists in flames. One one side Sera attacked, and on the other Ray did the same. Having two hands on both sides, it was as if they were fighting different people. Ray's punches would be blocked, and the Ant would attack back.

Luckily, Ray wasn't getting as hurt as Sera, for he could block it with his gauntlet's active ability's and thanks to their durability it didn't look like they were going to break, but the blows were still powerful, sending even Ray back a little with every punch.

Whereas the Ant made minimal movements.

While Ray and Sera were busy dealing with the four arms. Roki saw this as his opportunity, there was no holding back. Gathering all his Ki he was planning to end this in one strike, he knew Ray was counting on him. It made sense as it was the only plan they had if they wanted to destroy that exoskeleton.

Once that was broken, they could finally do something. It looked like Roki was doing nothing and just too scared to go in, but it wasn't it at all, he needed to wait for the perfect time.

"Arghh!" A scream was heard coming from the arena booth. This was where the emperor was also seen, and when Jones and Savana looked up above them, they could see his back was against the balcony side of the booth.

It looked like some of the true infected had managed to get in the arena and were planning to take out the emperor.

"Damn it!" Alexander yelled. "He drew his short sword, but in a few seconds, he saw his guard killed. He was no fighter, if his guard couldn't handle something like this, then he definitely couldn't.

He had been foolish. There were many strong men, including some mages that he could have brought with him to protect him by his side today. But he thought if any problems happend, Sera would be able to deal with them. Unaware that something like his would have happened.

"Jump," Savana said form down below. "We'll catch you!"

It was quite a far drop, if they were unsuccessful, then the emperor would die. It was either trusting his hands in that of the contestants from other kingdoms, or the shadow in front of him. However, looking at the shadow sent a shiver down his spine that ultimately made him choose to go with the contestants.

He jumped off, closing his eyes, half expecting it to be a trick. This was the way they were going to pay the empire back for everything he had done, but he had been caught by both Jones and Savana safely.

When the True Infected followed jumping down as well. Savana and Jones made quick work, Jones just using one of the swords he picked up from the others, and Savana with her daggers.

"Thank you, I am in your debt," Alexander said.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 467: All Kingdom end (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now, it seemed like the perfect time had arrived, and Roki was ready. He charged in, and his sword had been imputed with so much Ki and energy, even those that weren't able to sense Ki could see it following around the sword.

When reaching the Ant, he swung down diagonally from the neck all the way down. There was nothing fancy about the strike. It was an attack that was meant to be the most efficient way one could kill someone.

After the initial hit, he fell to the floor on his knees.

Roki was huffing and panting, from that one attack alone. Even if he wanted to, he now could no longer fight. Both Sera and Ray had been hit far away from the Ant now. At the same time, Roki made his attack, the Ant could feel a strong energy and increased its own attack.

Lifting his head, Roki wanted to see the damage he had done, surely they had made some progress. The ant man stood there standing just like he had done this whole time, and on his chest, a faint white scratch could be seen.

"I'm afraid, we all might die here today," Jones said, and the emperor had a similar feeling as well. Yes, they had strong mages, but without a doubt, both Roki and Sera were their strongest fighters if they couldn't beat it, then who could.

Now Sera's wounds were taking longer to heal. He had healed his broken bones and ripped skin on his body so many times he was running out of energy. He would be down for a while before he could get back up. He had also been fighting for a while before Ray and Roki had decided to join.

Now the only one that looked like he could still stand on his two feet was Ray. He charged in again because that's all Ray knew how to do. He changed his strategy slightly using all of the attributes he could. He attacked with lighting, ice, poison, and wind, but they all had the same effect.

The Ant then saw an opportunity. It straightened its fingers, made a hand like gesture, and like a sword stuck diagonally.

Roki seeing this was in awe, it was only a hand, but the strike it had just demonstrated was the same one that he had just done on the Ant. It was still learning even in this fight.

When the strike hit, it slashed through every bit of armour Ray had on and it broke to pieces. A deep cut was made from his chest, and dark black blood started to pour out of it.

"A…beast?" The ant man said its first words, in a low voice.

But that wasn't what the emperor was concentrating on, with his armour broken and falling to the ground, the pendant he was wearing was chucked up in the air.

Alexander could see it.

"The key!" He said. He tried to take a step forward. But the Ant had turned its heads, although it didn't have a human face, he could tell the expression it was giving.

It told him not to step forward, and that he did taking a few steps back.

'Why does an outsider have the key, how is that even possible.' Alexander thought.

He had completely forgotten about everything that was happening around him, and it seemed like he was only obsessed with one thing. The Key that was in front of him. Crazy thoughts started to enter his head, of trying to take the daggers of Savana and trying to stab the beast himself.

This was how much he yearned for that Key, but his sanity kept him slightly in check. He knew he would be a dead man if he attempted anything like that.

Now, nothing had worked. The three of them had done everything in their power to try to defeat the ant beast, but it looked as if this whole time, the beast was toying with them as if they were mere ants.

"Weak.." The Ant spoke slowly as if it was still trying to learn how to speak. It knew of words but had yet to speak them properly.

The cut looked bad on Ray, but he still wasn't out, as it was the first real blow he had taken. He looked at all the people in the arena, he looked at those in the trench, and at his friends who were all screaming wildly.

There was only one thing he could do. He tried sending a message one more time, but once again it was blocked, his only hope was that Sera was blocking his abilities.

"Sera, are you blocking or restricting my abilities!' Ray shouted

Sera looked a little surprised. He had set up something around the arena with a certain ability of his, and Ray's guess was correct. He had done the same at the facility. Beforehand, Sera could place so many borders in certain areas. Which gave him certain effects, but right now, was it affecting Ray's ability to fight? He didn't think it would.

Usually, the borders were designed for something else, and that something else was stopping Ray from doing what he wanted to do.

"Please," Ray said for the first time with sincerity. "Whatever it is, can you stop it and I promise, I'll take these beasts away."

Sera didn't like the fact that he needed help from these guys, but with this weak body he was in, could he even defeat the Ant? At the same time, he couldn't exactly imagine Ray being able to do anything even if he took the borders away anyway.

He looked at Ray's face for a few seconds, which didn't stray away from the Ant. It was a fierce look, and he hadn't given up.

"Fine!" Sera said. "Cancel arena border."

Certain skills on the system that were graded out before were now no longer greyed out.

One last time, Ray charged in leaving a trial of Black blood. In the arena, Sylvia had finally passed out. The others could finally see what was happening. They could see Ray running towards the Ant, with his wound fully open and bleeding.

He threw a couple of fire balls out at the Ant, and then through the dust, threw out a fist. Or he made it look like so, with the Ant planning to block the punch, Ray slid on the ground and grabbed the Ant's ankle, allowing him to change direction on the floor twisting his body in. As fast as he could, he got behind the Ant and grabbed it behind the waist.

"Bye, everyone!" Ray said.

[Teleport]

A light beneath their feet started to light up. The Ant tired it's best to move away from it, but no matter what Ray wasn't going to let it go. He held and held pulling strength from somewhere he never knew he had and finally.

The skill was finished, the light took them both in, and when it dispersed, both of them were nowhere to be seen. They had vanished.

"Ray!" Martha shouted.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 468: The Saviours prize
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking at the centre of the arena, everyone could see they were gone, not just the Shadow ant beast but Ray as well. Nearly everyone had stopped to look there, the immense pressure that was being emitted had disappeared.

"Ray! Ray!" Martha shouted were the only words that could be heard clearly while everyone else was mumbling to each other. It was so quiet now, even the sound of the fighting that was going on had stopped outside.

The reason? As soon as the Shadow ant had disappeared, the shadow that surrounded the true infected had gone away with it. It was the same as before where the shadow had remained lying dormant in thier body, It was different from the true infected they fought with before.

"What did he do?" Harry said.

Kyle had gotten off from the ground, he was a little beaten from holding Sylvia down and from being hurled onto the floor.

"That idiot, he saved us all. He teleported that Ant away with himself." Kyle said, shaking his fist. It was one of anger, why did he even bother going through the basting process. It was because he wanted to help Ray.

To make it, so he stopped having to keep getting stronger, to prevent having everything rely on his shoulders, so they could take part of the weight, but here once again. Ray had done everything and saved them all.

"He sacrificed himself," Jones said from the sideline.

"No, No, No, No!" Alexander shouted. While everyone was giving a silent prayer to Ray, their saviour, knowing the sacrifice he had made. Alexander was the only one screaming his head off.

"He ran off with the Key, with the pendant," Alexander shouted. Of course, no one but Roki actually knew what he was talking about.

With the true infected no longer attacking, it didn't take long to get the arena staff organized once again. The people were happily able to return to their homes with no trouble and the all kingdom contestants were to stay at the palace until an official announcement was made.

The Redwing members who had come with Ray, had stayed in the arena for a good few hours, rather than returning to the palace. Waiting for Ray's return. Eneventulley Sylvia regained consciousness, one of her eyes was still black, but she was back to how she used to be.

"What happened, where is everyone? Ray, what happened to Ray!" She said, and in the end, it was down to Martha to tell her the sad news. After the sun was starting to set, they were beginning to come to the realization that Ray wasn't going to return.

Those from the all kingdom tournament believed Ray was dead, the worst thing about it was there currently was no way for them to check. Up to this point, even when Ray was hurt, or when the system wouldn't allow them to send messages. They were able to open up part of the system to at least try and send messages. They could also see other Red wing members' names on there, apart from Ray's since he was the creator.

But the whole thing wasn't working. They not only couldn't send messages, but the system itself wasn't working at all. There were only two things that still gave them hope. The Redwing tattoo still showed on their bodies but honestly didn't know if that meant much. If Ray was to die, would the tattoo still remain? It was a question they would need to either ask Lenny or Bliss, which now they would have to do in person.

Then there was one more thing or a person who had given them hope, one that was surprising. When Sera went to leave the arena, he looked towards them and said.

"That person ain't dead," Sera said. "The look in his eyes said he hasn't given up, he still had a plan. Trust me, I know more than anyone the eyes of a dead person."

It was clear that Sera wasn't the type of person to say this just to cheer them up. He had no reason to. It was because he genuinely believed it, and Sera had gained a rival to look forward to fighting with. He had earned his respect for what he had done.

Eventually, the Redwings decided to call it a night as well. Standing there, just thinking about it wasn't going to make him come back any quicker.

All the contestants were once again invited to a dinner, as they did the first night before the tournament had begun. It said it was compulsory as an announcement was to be made to them before it was to be made to the public.

When the Redwings entered the room, it was good to know that everyone seemed to be fine. There were no grave injuries apart from the two that had died. The one Sera had killed as well as the one the Shadow ant had defeated as well.

Before the food was served, Alexander stood up at the head of the table and tapped his glass a couple of times.

"I called you all to tell you that the all kingdom tournament will come to an end tonight. There will be no fights tomorrow due to what happened today. The Empire's people are shaken, and they will take the time to heal as shall all of us.

"The prizes that were prepared shall go to the semifinalist of the event."

Those in the room had clapped, and they had no complaints about this. Most of them wanted to go home back to their kingdoms for a good night's rest. They didn't even care about the prizes anymore.

Food was served, and it was as glorious as ever. Top food that was fit for any king. They all enjoyed each mouthful as if they would never experience such luxury in their lives again. The meal was finished, and they were all quite satisfied with the food. This time, the guards that had come with the contestants were free to sit at the table and enjoy the food as well. Which included Sylvia's brother Mathew and the others.

Alexander then turned to those from the Redwings sitting at the table.

"I hope you enjoyed your last meal." He said.

"Last?" Kyle muttered.

Suddenly, spears and swords were pointed at their throats from the knights in the room.

"What are you doing!" Mathew said. "Their king saved you, he saved all of us and this is how you are treating them."

But Alexander didn't care.

"Because one man from their kingdom did one thing I'm meant to forgive them. Don't make me laugh." Alexander said. "They are to be arrested and held captive for conspiring against the Empire. I don't know how he got that key, but I'm going to pull the information out of every single one of you."

"What the hell!" Kyle said, knocking the spear out of the way form the knight's hand, and then attacking the knight. He had punched him, finishing him off with a single hit, but soon after more knights had pointed blades at him.

'I knew that bald one was strong as well.' Savana thought, watching from the sides.

"You think we're going to let you take us away without putting up a fight, after what our king did for you, he saved your ass. That Ant would have lobbed your head off!" Kyle shouted in anger.

"Do you see any of the other kingdoms coming to your help? Do you really think that Ant would have been able to kill everyone in the Empire?" Alexander asked.

Maybe he didn't realize it, but Sera, Roki, Jones, Savana and the others did. The Ant would have been able to kill them all. Yet. No one was speaking up for the Redwings. Maybe if Ray was still there alive they would have, but he wasn't, and the Empire was still a strong force to be reckoned with, one they didn't want to upset.

"Kyle, let's not die here," Slyvia said. "We won't fight."

The main reason for Slyvia making these choices was because she couldn't contact the Redwings. Before Ray had asked the members to be on standby, ready to raid and start a war with the Empire, but now they were unable to communicate with them.

If they chose to fight, they would be on their own.

After Slyvia said that, the whole Redwings group was taken away and placed in an underground dungeon. Their weapons were taken away.

The others thought the Emperor had done this due to their previous feud. The king was missing, and there next in command was also here. It was a foolish thing for the Redwings to do. With these two people gone, the Redwings would be finished.

But Roki knew that wasn't the real reason, the real reason was because he wanted to know why Ray had the key.

They were stuck in the cell, frustrated. Kyle was pacing backwards and forwards, wondering what to do, and they all couldn't stop thinking about Ray.

That's when they heard the sound of moans and grunting coming down the corridor from their cell. Then the sound of footsteps as if it sounded like people were running their way.

Two people had turned around the corner and were now standing in front of their cell. One of them being Slyvia's brother Mathew.

"I'm not going to let them kill my little sister." He said, and the other one Roki. "It looks like my time to leave this place has come."

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 469: 1 year has passed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seeing Roki one of the strongest men in the Empire, breaking them free came as a surprise for the Redwing members. However, it just reminded them of the crazy story Ray had revealed to them all. It turned out that there might be some truth to it after all.

"Brother, you can't break us free." Slyvia said with her hands held on the bars.

"What brother would I be if I was to let you rot in a cell like this, and your friends, of course," Mathew said, giving them a little wave.

It was nice to know they were at least an afterthought.

"You know what I mean. If they find out what you did, with your position in the Alure kingdom army. It will make the Alure kingdom and the Empire enemies."

"About that, the Queen was planning to break off her relationship with the Empire anyway. We are happy to support and form an alliance with the Redwings. Liz has been worried ever since her son had run off to the Redwings, and with Lenny there and others. We aren't as short-sighted as the other kingdoms, maybe not now, but in the future, the Redwings will be a force that can take on an empire with or without a king."

In his hand, Roki held the keys, and the rest of the group was free. Waiting down the tunnel and keeping guard were the two contestants of the Alure kingdom and with them, there were many bodies on the floor that had been knocked out.

With Roki's help, it was fairly easy for them to break free. He had prepared everything, even bringing the strange carriage that they had brought with them. With his position, anything he asked for, people would do it without a second thought.

A high official who was also a celebrity, but after today, he would be giving all that up. To go to a new place and his reason for going there, he wasn't even sure if he was still alive.

The rest stayed in the carriage while Roki was out front and of course, even the guards were happy to let him out. They would still note it down as requested, but by the time Alexander woke up and found out, they would be long gone.

Their destination was the Redwing kingdom, and it would take them a while to go through each of the different places just like they had done on the way here. During their journey, they got to know a bit more about Roki.

He was a king sweat man, an older gentleman in his Frites but he looked younger than that. Apparently, he used to work for the old leader in his party, but most of them had moved over to other parties or were killed when the new leader had come into power. Then when she went running away. His party was non existent in the kingdom.

They didn't even get a vote anymore as no one had taken over the seat. Roki being the only loyal follower was offered the position, especially since Alexander thought he had him under his control but Roki refused, thinking he wasn't deserving of it.

Speaking of this, the topic of Ray came up a lot. They were starting to wonder what if Ray suddenly appeared back in the Empire. Had they all just left him there?

With the messaging system as well. It was impossible for him to know how the others were doing, and they just hoped he didn't go on a wild one.

Thanks to Mathew, they were granted safe and easy passage through the other kingdoms. It seemed like his involvement might not have been revealed to the others, but that still didn't change the fact that they had planned to team up with the Redwings.

Eventually, they had reached the Alure kingdom, and it was time for Slyvia to say goodbye to her brother. More than anything, he was deeply concerned about her Shadow eye. Even after all this time, one of her eyes was still black. Covered with an eye patch of course so no one would be scared off when they saw her.

She told him not to worry, if there was anyone who knew how to fix this or what to do with it, she had the best people in all of Bronzeland, Lenny and Bliss.

When they finally arrived at the Redwing kingdom. Roki couldn't believe his eyes. There was a steam like technology, things that he hadn't seen before, yet some things looked a little similar to himself.

"Everyone's reaction is like that when they first see Avrion." Slyvia said. "All of this is thanks to our little Dwarf."

"You guys have Dwarfs?" Roki replied, knowing he knew it. He really had made the right decision in coming here.

Everyone in the Redwing kingdom was excited to hear their tail of what had happened. However, there was a weird atmosphere between both camps. Those from the Redwings were looking at the group wondering where Ray was, and at the same time, Slyvia and the others were wondering if Ray had returned.

A Council meeting had been placed, and this was where Slyvia would tell all. The secret of Ray's disappearance was kept away from most of the Redwing members. The only ones that knew about it were the council members and those that belonged to the original Red Wings, such as Sloth and Badger.

Things were going so well for the Redwings lately, and a lot of that was because they knew they had such a strong king backing them. What was spread, however, was their position. How they had won sharing the prize.

Which was a bit strange in itself, but they had to give some details out, so the others wouldn't; get suspicious. They were sure eventually travelling merchants would bring forth the real news.

After the meeting was done, Sylvia had gone to meet with Lenny and Bliss in the newly formed Magic academy. It was small and really was only a single building, this was because there weren't many students, to begin with.

At the moment, it was more used as a research lab by the two of them. Rather than a school to train students.

"I was wondering if you could do something about this?" Slyvia asked, taking off her eyepatch showing what was underneath the two of them.

They asked Slyvia several questions and compared it with the shadow extract that they had from the shadow continent land. They also needed to extract some from her eye, which was an extremely painful process, but Slyvia bore thru the pain.

Finally, it looked like Bliss and Lenny had some results.

"First let me give you some good news. If it's about getting rid of the shadow in your body. Then it is possible using the same method as we have done with the land. As for the bad news. There is no longer any solution. Until we are able to create some more, you will have to live with it."

In her head, Bliss was wishing Ray was here right now. Although his blood wasn't pure. There was a chance it could do something, the closer he got to become his former self.

"There is more bad news," Lenny said. "The shadow you are infected with, and the shadow the continent is infected with is different. Although similar, it is clear they share different properties and different hosts. When the shadow is removed, it usually rises up and joins with any other shadow closest, before heading back to where it once came from. But your shadow, it reacts, dfifferently, it doesn't like the other shadow.

"Our guess from everything you told us, if the Empire was able to find a way to create an artificial source of the shadow. The creature currently acting as the host would be the Ant creature you talked about. It was why your body had such a strong reaction when you met it."

Hearing this was the worst news of them all Sylvia thought. They were already having enough trouble dealing with the regular shadow. If by accident, the Empire had created a new enemy, she feared things would start to get a lot more complicated around the place.

More than that, she was worried about Ray.

'I know you're alive.'

Deep in the Shadow continent, wearing his gauntlet on one hand. A figure was seen staring at a large cloak. He was in a dark room with no one else inside, and he just stood there waiting. The clock itself had been built into the crummy workmanship of the castle.

Then finally it had ticked over.

*Dong *Dong

The bell went, as it was the start of a new day.

"Ray, a year has finally passed, it's time we meet again, my dear friend," Gary said.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 470: The future Changed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The latest two members of the Redwings had settled in nicely with everyone. Roy, for one was a nice addition to the ever-growing magic team. If anything, he was surprised to see Lenny there, who was another former tower master from Roland academy.

Now that he was on good terms with them, they had even offered to talk to the academy and explain the whole situation. There was a chance Roy could even get his old job back. However, Roy refused, the role never really suited him, anyway. He was never there for the students, but just so he could have a place where he could further his own powers.

The Redwings seemed like it would be a good place for that as well, not that Roy was doing anything beneficial. They quickly realized that he was quite the lazy type. He would lie down and sleep in most of the time, and would only do things when asked. Some were wondering how he even got his strong powers in the first place.

Since it took hard work and dedication for one to grow their magical abilities. Still, one person could always get him to snap into action, and that was Bliss. She had no time for his nonsense, and when he learned that she was really the Divine being, he chuckled. That day was burned in his mind after that.

There were many things she did as proof that scarred him for life.

As for Roki, he was also relaxing. They offered him the role of a teacher in the city, but he said he didn't want to step on anyone's toes. That they already had the best teachers, they needed here. With Harry and Kyle teaching the sash knights. Even Dan and the others showed great skill.

What he would do though, was from time to time spar with the other Redwing main members hoping to improve their skill. Harry, Kyle, Dan, Badger, Sloth, even Slyvia and Martha. The old master knights would have a go from time to time, such as Sir K and Wilfred.

It might have been because they were closer in age, but Wilfred and Sir K got on best with them.

During the time of their return, the Alure kingdom also announced that it would no longer be treating the Redwings as an outsider. They didn't disclose the closeness of their relationship. Only that they wouldn't do as the empire asked and would open up trade with them once again.

The other kingdoms, including the Redwings, were watching closely at the empire's reaction, but there seemed to be nothing. There were no messages, no news, it was as if they didn't care and had ignored it completely.

According to Roki, this was very odd. The Alexander he knew would never have let this just go by, especially after the all kingdom tournament. As soon as one didn't follow their commands, soon more would follow.

He couldn't help but think that something serious had to be going on in the empire that they were unaware of. With no information coming out, they could only speculate.

So much time had passed, so much had happened and now there was only one week left until the fated year, the agreed time with Gary, yet there was still no sign of Ray having come back and the system was still down between the Redwing members.

Because of what was happening, Bliss decided to do something she didn't like doing at all. She was going to attempt to look into the current future once more. Before, their chances of winning relied on Ray, Van the prince, and herself. They had obtained some allies that she hadn't seen in the vision.

Meaning somewhere along the way things changed, but the biggest change of all was, Ray wasn't here. Preparations in her research room had been made, and a magic circle had been drawn on the floor, instead of activating it away, or using a crystal. She herself had chosen to step into it.

Once sat down, the circle was activated. The energy began to channel through her. Her eyes started to fill with a blue glow. Images started to flash through her head; of the grand city no longer being there, completely destroyed, and Gary smiling. While Van had been captured and handed over to the other side.

The vision had ended, and so had the spell. She huffed and puffed at the site, and felt a little sick. Sometimes experiencing the future was more real than she would have liked.

"The future, it became worse," Bliss said.

As soon as Bliss had informed Sylvia of what she had seen, a meeting was to be called, and the council room was filled in once again with the Master knights, Lenny, Bliss and the council members.

Sylvia had just finished explaining to them all what had been seen.

"The Divine being's future, is only one path of the future correct?" Humfree said, stroking his beard. Leader of the white sash knights, the healing division at Avrion. One of the only old council members from the past. "Doesn't that mean there is a chance it will not happen?'

"Oh, please!" Lenny interrupted. "You do remember that Bliss here is the actual Divine being. If you had gone to that crystal before and she had told you this with her visions, you would have all been quaking in your boots begging for something to be done. Nothing has changed apart from your almighty god taking the form of a human instead of a crystal. No offence." Lenny said, looking at Bliss. The two of them were quite close now and on friendly terms since working with each other.

"Did the impact of Ray not being with us really change the vision that much?" Jack asked. He had been busy training the werewolves that had decided to come with them. They were now settled into the Redwing kingdom.

There were a few incidents here and there, but Jack made a simple rule that they all had to follow. They were not to turn ever while in the city. If they went out on hunts, in war and such, it was understandable, but if they ever broke this rule, and turned in the city, there would be a harsh punishment.

Of course, there were always some, and Jack had to make an example in front of him. Punishing him in front of everyone. Jack had overwhelmed him with his own power, while still in his human form, while the wolf was in his werewolf form.

Which settled their worries even more. A lot of people knew what Jack was, but it still suited the image in their head, that a human could deal with these half beasts like creatures.

"It would appear so," Wilfred added. "At the end of the day, he was the prophecized child that was said to stop this war along with Van. If there is one piece, what are we meant to do here?"

"We can't just give up!" Sylvia said, slamming her fist on the table.

The others turned to look at her, concerned. Sylvia seemed to be getting angrier or more short-tempered as the days grew closer. The problem was they weren't sure why. Was it because Ray hadn't returned? Was it the Shadow inside her body, or was she just nervous about such an event?

"I have a suggestion," Von said, who was Ray's martial arts teacher and also a former Council member. He acted as Slyvia's aide, giving her advice from time to time, and when she was away, he took over her position of head of the council.

"Many of you may not like it, but I will speak so anyway. The vision being shown will come true if we decided to carry on doing what we are doing now. I truly believe that. To change the current future, then we need to do something unpredicted."

"I have been thinking this whole time, why has the Shadow agreed to wait a full year. The Shadow has never been known to keep true to its word. Yet it has done so this time. Not once in the entire year had the Shadow directly stepped foot outside of the shadow content to attack us."

"There have been incidents here and there, but none directly leading to a grand battle. Even now, they have kept their word perfectly. Not even attacking a day earlier. If you get my point, I believe the Shadow themselves are waiting for something. Even now, there still not ready, and they won't be until next week."

"Before we had to worry about the empire stabbing us in the back. But now that the Alure kingdom has allied with us, they would have to get through them before even touching us. And based on what Roki said, it seems they might have troubles of their own to deal with."

"My suggestion is, along with the prince, we take the attack to them. We attack early, and we leave tomorrow for war!"

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 471: The will to act
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After much deliberation from the council members, Von's suggestion was actually an acceptable one. They had made preparations for a thousand strong army to head off to the shadow contenant. At the moment the entire of Avrion's army only consisted of around 2000 troops.

So sending half of their force was already a big deal. For those that would stay, it would be Sylvia and Wilfred and the other council members. Most of the troops that would be left behind were part of the former Black rings, who were still training and becoming skilled in battle.

But it was clear that the stronger ones were sent off in this fight.

While everyone else was called to action, Lenny would be in charge of the magical division, which was composed of ten students and that included Roy. It was still incredibly small compared to other places.

Jack had brought along some of the strongest wolves from the encampment. The kids had wanted to come with him, but Jack refused and had brought five werewolves who were also wearing the prototype yellow armour that Randin had managed to complete.

Sir K had temporarily gained control over the Black Knights, while Kyle had been in charge of the beast division. Which only really consisted of the two students, Flynn and Wendy. They were the only students that would be taking part in this war.

Then there was Martha, in search of the green sash knights head of archery. Harry was in charge of the White Knights, the strongest fighters of the kingdom.

While away, Wilfred had sung praises about one of the people that Ray had brought back from the city of Zrey and that was Katy. She was one of the first slaves that Ray had saved. She was okay with the sword as she used to be a former knight of another kingdom.

However, what they were most impressed by was her ability to win people over. There were many in the army who felt like they would do anything if she asked. She had a way with words and people with her soft gentle soul-like appearance. This was exactly why she had been made to lead a group of fifty strong of her own, which included some of other other slaves that were freed as well.

Most importantly, a special team called the Dragon knights were revived, named after the old Dragon knights and their duty was to protect prince Van at all times. With him, he had a piece of the former divine being crystal. A source which would let him channel and use his powers without the shadow knowing his location.

At all times, Badger and Sloth, Dan, Roki as well as Bliss would be there to protect him. Although Bliss herself was also an important figure to be protected, that fact was only known to the main members of the Redwing army and not the regular soldiers.

It was a tale that would have been unbelievable to most anyway.

The army traveled lightly, none of them wore their armour and only carried their weapons on their backs. This was because of Randin's special forging technique. He had created gear that was soul bound to them. At any point in time they could think of the equipment and it would appear on them.

It helped greatly in their travels so that they didn't tire as easily while marching on their feet for hours. There weren't enough of the special carriages or vehicles, and they didn't have enough horses so most of them were required to walk. At the moment, the only one who wasn't was Van, who had a horse to himself and was surrounded by the three dragon knights.

Right now, this large group was heading towards the Shadow continent. Van was feeling a little nervous, fidgeting on the horse and he looked pale as if he was going to throw up at any moment.

"So, he's the one that we have to rely on to save our kingdom now that Ray is gone?" Flynn asked, saying so in disbelief.

"Hey Ray's not gone, he's missing." Kyle replied.

"No difference to me." Flynn shrugged his shoulders. "Apart from that, our main attack force has weakened. So if he's the prince does that mean he's now king?"

"No, you have it all wrong." Wendy chimed in. "He's the prince of the Alure kingdom, not the Redwing kingdom. Ray is still considered alive so there isn't one to replace him."

All the whispering and eyes could be felt, and the pressure was starting to get to Van. He had never experienced war and now he was heading into a territory where everyone would be after him. Right now, he was wishing Ray was by his side more than ever, or at least Max who was still finishing his studies at Roland academy.

The piece of the Divine crystal was located in a black pouch on the side of Van. While everyone was busy, he was to continue to practice harnincing his power of controlling mana. Apparently it was meant to be easier if he was to use the crystal, but in all honesty, he still hasn't figured it out.

With everyone relying on him, he was too shy to tell them as well. While on horseback he decided that he should probably get to know the people who would be protecting him, in particular the new warrior who had joined them recently, named Roki.

"I heard that you were one of the most skillful people in the Empire. I am confident with you by my side." Van said, trying to remember his manners when speaking to someone.

"Of course, you are a friend of the leader. I heard he did a lot to try to save you, so I shall do the same." Roki replied with a smile.

Looking at his bulging muscles and the way he composed himself as he walked, Van was initially afraid of Roki but after speaking to him, it had calmed his heart a little. He was also worried that Roki might actually be working for the Empire and planned to assassinate him, but he couldn't imagine such a man trying to do so.

The large army continued to walk and as they passed the small towns on the way, the people waved by and cheered them on. During this time, a few villages and nearby towns were able to join the Redwings and they knew of their task, but were told not to spread any such news.

The main members of the Redwings along with Katy and such were walking up front. They would only need to get information once battle was underway and besides, they were hoping Jack's keen nose might catch something before anything was to happen.

"There is an important matter we all need to discuss." Sir K said. "I know you guys might have been ignoring the fact but it's really important. There is a chance that both Gary and Monk have been completely consumed by the shadow.

"I know he is your friend, they were both students of mine so believe me I don't say this light-heartedly, but if it comes to it, we might not be able to save them. You need to be prepared to kill both of them. If not, then there is a good chance that action in the Redwing kingdom will die."

"No, the whole of Bronzeland." Bliss added.

In truth, this whole time, they were actually going over with the goal to save their friends. Martha and Kyle heavily wanted to bring back Monk no matter what. And Jack, even though he had his arguments with Gary plenty of times, wanted nothing more than to see the three of them together along with Ray back again.

Lenny, who caught up to Van even though he was on a horse, friendly slapped Van's back.

"With Ray gone…I mean missing, then you might be the one who needs to pull the trigger."

"Me?" Van said nervously. He didn't know Gary and he didn't know Monk. Which might make it a little easier for him, but still, he would have to kill a former human. Something he had never done before. In his head he was only to fight beasts or shadow beasts.

Hearing their names mentioned, he could tell that all the people who were in charge of protecting him cared for these people.

"Could you tell me a bit about these two, they were here before I arrived correct?" Van asked.

"Are you sure, knowing about them will only make it harder to complete the task."

Van thought about it for a while before nodding. In his mind, it was a way of preparing himself.

"Sure." Kyle said. "You see, Gary and Monk were Ray's best friends…"

Kyle began to tell the tail to Van about what had happened. How they were at the academy together and the things they had been through together. For everyone else it was a trip down memory lane, for Roki and Katy it was a chance for them to learn more about the person they had chosen to follow.

It seemed like it was a difficult time for these kids, which was why they had grown up so fast.

After hearing everything, Van was sure of it now. He clenched his fist.

"I promise you guys, I will do everything to bring them back. I want to see the smile on Ray's face when we return with them. Just like he helped me, I will help him."

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 472: The Strongest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After leaving the wooded valley, the group decided to set up camp, in a large grassy field, by the road. The tents were set up, the fire's were lit, and fresh meat was being roasted for all the soldiers and more.

The Redwing kingdom's important figures had sat on some logs around a large burning fire, waiting for their meals to cook, Jack for one kept looking in the direction of the soldiers.

"What's the matter?" Sir K asked.

"I just have this odd feeling that something or someone is going to do something, I can smell it." He replied, sniffing the air.

"You mean you think there are some spies among our men," Kyle added.

"Aren't you all just being paranoid," Martha said. "I mean all this talk of Gary and Monk, we're just hurt and think it will possibly happen again. Now we can't use the system. We can't really check who is part of the Redwings anymore unless we look for a tattoo."

The system at this point that they used to use, might as well have been all an imagination in their head. Parts of it would sometimes work when Ray had first gone missing, and now none did. As if the magic power used to power it, was gone.

"If there are spies, let them spy on us, and then when we find out who they are, we will deliver the appropriate punishment." Sir K said. "We can't falter and start to accuse each other now, not when we are this close to war."

The group was silent and left to their own thoughts, and all that could be heard was the flickering of the flame. This was bad, and the mood was bad, not one for people who should be going into a war.

"I was just wondering." Flynn suddenly said. Flynn's random interjection could sometimes be annoying, but in this case, they all welcomed it. "Who's the strongest out of all of you?"

The question was an unexpected one, but it did make them think. When Ray wasn't here, who was considered the strongest? There was Sir K, the former Black sash knight master, Kyle, the current one. Harry the white sash leader and participant of the all kingdom tournament. Jack that was undoubtedly known to be the strongest during his time at Avrion.

One could also not forget about the others, Martha, who had a king tier bow and was unrivalled when it came to archery. Even Badger and Sloth were said to be unstoppable if they fought as a pair.

Then the newcomers of the group, Lenny with his mysterious and unique body as well as his giant self, Roki a skilled swordsman from the empire and lastly Roy, the fire mage a former tower master of Roland academy.

When looking at all these people, this was what was going through Flynn's mind, and he really thought they had some of the strongest and perhaps strangest people in Bronzland with him, this was what gave him confidence.

'Huh, did I forget someone?' Right now Flynn was looking straight at Dan, and had no clue who he was or what he did around here. A forgotten soul who was always forgotten about.

"You see Flynn, things like who strongest don't matter when you get older." Martha started to explain. "We all have our unique strengths and—"

"You're looking at the strongest right here, Flynn." Kyle said, pointing to himself. "Or have you forgotten who your teacher used to be? I'm confident that if I fought with each one of you here, I could hold my ground." Then his eyes turned to Jack, and remembered his inhuman power. Even with his beast shell on his back, he could imagine those claws ripping right through them.

"Maybe not Jack," Kyle said.

Roki hearing this was now interested in Jack. He could sense all the strong presence here, and he was someone who was aiming to become the best, and the strongest was interested in this question. The Redwings certainly had more skilled fighters than most, even for such a small army.

"I would say that was true, but only if you were to bet on your opponent winning against you in every fight," Harry commented. "Even if you would try to throw the fight, the curse would kick in." Harry was still upset about what had happened at the empire, he was hoping to at least get through the first round.

He would often curse under his breath, when looking at Kyle.

What they didn't realise was there was little talk of who was strongest had spread to the other camps, and now they were debating and talking about it as well. Yet the only person they had heard talk so far, was Kyle.

"That black slash master is a fake." One of the soldiers said. "I heard that originally the person who would have been chosen had been possessed by the shadow." They were talking about Gary, who many predicted as one of the most skilful to become the black sash knight master if it wasn't for Ray taking him out of the kingdom.

"Then the one after that had joined the Dark guild." This time they were talking about Monk.

The turth was, Kyle really was the last choice to become the master knight of the Black sashes, in the end, there were only four of them.

"Shut up!" Flynn shouted back at the group that was near them. They could clearly be overheard and weren't mincing their words. It was a sign of disrespect that Kyle received, and on more than one occasion. Because the other knights often talked about him as the fool, they thought they could do the same.

"If you really think you guys are any better, then why don't you prove it!" At the end of the day, Kyle was Flynn's only black sash teacher, and it was because of him he was in the position he was in today.

"Maybe that's not such a bad idea." Sir K said, walking into the woods, he did so with two long sticks when he came back.

"This is your chance!" Sir K shouted. "Kyle, the Black sash master, is offering to duel any of you one on one. If you manage to beat him, then his position is up for grabs, and we shall offer you riches of a gold coin."

The soldiers cheered in unison at the idea, and many of them thought this might be their actual chance to prove their worth and get their eyes and radar on those above. A lot of people knew that soon the Redwing kingdom would be wealthy. There way they spent gold coins and such proved it.

They had also seen the inventions going around, and any one of them would see for a high price. A lot of the Redwings wanted to be a part of this future.

"I'll go," A large man said, picking up the stick from the ground. As Sir K went back to his seat, he whispered in Kyle's ear.

"Don't go easy on him."

The fight had started, and the first clash of sticks happened right in the centre, one not overpowering the other. The large man was one of the better white sash knights so here he would focus on his swordsmanship.

He struck with his stick each time more acutely and perfectly, but each time Kyle slipped through them like butter. When the time was right, it looked like he had vanished from in front of the man and was suddenly behind him with his stick towards his neck.

"I lose." The man said.

"Is there anyone else?" Kyle offered.

A few more people tried, with them faring well at the start and then towards the end, Kyle would use some of his Black sash skills to end the fight.

"Hmph, if he didn't have that fancy footwork of his, most of those knights would have beaten him." The man from earlier who was complaining said.

"What is wrong with you!" Flynn complained. "The black sash foot work is just another skill that we have to learn. It takes us years to perfect it just like your sword skills, so why can't he use it."

Pointing the stick at the gentleman, Kyle was asking him to fight.

"Come on, I won't use that fancy footwork of yours and still make you land on your backside."

The aggravation worked, and the man picked up the stick to start the duel. As soon as it began, there was a clash of two sticks. To make sure the sticks didn't break, both of them were infusing their Ki into it, but Kyle started to use more this time.

And when the sticks clashed, one Ki had overpowered the other one so much, it broke the other stick in half, and it had gone flying into the woods. The man no longer spoke after that, how could he.

But it had served its purpose. Kyle was to lead these people, and Sir K couldn't have them looking down on one of their leaders. He needed to prove that they could rely on these people, rely on us.

"You did good Kyle," Martha said as he sat down next to her.

"Thanks, but these guys aren't worth my time, the person I have to defeat…is Gary."

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 473: The White Crystal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Later that evening, most of the knights were sound asleep. However, a few of the Redwing leaders were still awake by the fire.

Van had taken out the Divine crystal he had received. It was given to him by Ray, which was smilingly was a gift from the Divine being. A crystal which held great power and was able to hold the Divine being herself was now in his hands.

Somehow, he was meant to harness this power to help him defeat the shadow. He closed his eyes and started to concentrate. Doing a little practice before the big event, the crystal started to light up, and to avoid the others from waking up, he cuffed his hands around the edge.

Breaking concentration, the light started to dim. "The key to us winning all of this."

"Don't put too much pressure on yourself." A voice said from behind.

When Van turned around, he could see Roki had just come back from the forest.

"I just don't understand how I got involved in all of this," Van said.

"You don't need to understand," Harry said. "If you think about it too much and make yourself go mad with the pressure, it won't change anything."

The next morning the weather was miserable. There was a sudden downpour, but this was to be expected as they got closer to the Shadow continent. The weather wasn't the nicest in that area.

Unsure whether it was the shadows doing or if it had always been like that. There weren't many that could even remember the times before the shadow existed.

Finally, they had stepped foot on the dark dead land, the trees were weak looking, and showed no signs of life, while the rivers were filled with lava. A few buildings would be seen in the distance but all crumpled and torn down, there was no sign of human life for miles and miles.

In the end, at some point, they needed to set up camp. The shadow continent was mostly a wasteland, and this posed a great threat, for there was nowhere safe to set up camp.

Eventually, all they could do was place their tents on where they were. The rain continued pouring down, and the knights were to stay in their tents for the night.

Roy, who excelled in fire magic, was finally coming to some use, as he was asked to help start fires in every one of the tents to gather some warmth.

For this expedition, Sir K and Harry were put in commanding charge. The group would mostly decide things together as they usually did, but if it came to it and forced to make a quick decision, it would be down to them.

And right now, in a large tent, the RedWing leaders had gathered as Lenny felt like he had a pressing matter to tell them all.

"I fear that the shadow may already know we are coming early," Lenny said.

"What makes you think that?" Martha asked.

"The fact that a large army like this one has been travelling through the shadow continent, yet haven't encountered a single beast. Incidents used to happen at the border all the time, and even more so when we started to clear the land, yet right now there has been nothing."

"Can Bliss not look into the future again to see if it's changed?" Kyle asked.

'I can, but we shouldn't rely on that, even the vision I see is just one of many, and perhaps it is one that is the result of the actions we are taking even now. It's best if we not try to get ahead of the future."

"We should continue to proceed." Sir K said. "There might be other reasons for why it is like it is now. Maybe they are gathering forces for an attack or something else. If we are prepared for a trap or an ambush, then it won't really be a trap or ambush will it."

The words spoken by Sir K were simple, but it gave them confidence. Listening to Sir K, for many of them, it reminded them of a time when they were back at an academy. They never thought they would be travelling by his side to fight the shadow.

However, there was one person who was keeping a secret from them all; he didn't know why, but he thought it was best to keep it quiet. Ever since Van had stepped foot in the shadow continent, his crystal was pulsating with a strange power.

He was unaware of why, but it gave him confidence, in the strength he felt.

That night as they all slept, Harry was struggling with thoughts of his own. Gary, was someone who he saw as a rival. Ever since he had lost the kingdom tournament to him, he strived to be better and get stronger.

He was also the person who comforted him when he had no choice but to kill his father. It was a strange relationship, but other than Jack. He didn't feel a connection with any of the others.

He just felt distant. So far, they had lost two people to the shadow going over to the other side in Monk and Gary, and it looked like there was a chance that Slyvia might have as well. He was just hoping that this little trip of there's didn't send any more people over to the other side.

During the middle of the night, Harry awoke to find him pinned downed by a heavyweight. He tried to move his arms and legs but couldn't, and when he tried to make a noise to inform the others, there was nothing. Hovering above him, a strange dark beast covered in shadows looked down at him.

It had pointed ears and red eyes, at the same time, sharp white fangs.

'I can't shout!' Harry struggled. 'Is it some type of magic from the beast?'

The beast itself wasn't much bigger than Harry, but it was able to keep him pinned. From the corner of his eyes, he looked to the others to see if there was anyone who was awake.

Yet, there was no one. For some reason, the beast had chosen to attack him and only him. No one was around to see. The beast's jaws opened wide, and it's largemouth started to move towards his neck. If he didn't do anything now, then the beast would end his life there and then.

'I can't, I can't die like this. I need to figure out why, why my father chose to help things like you!' The anger within him rose, and he started to focus that into his Ki.

He could move now, but not enough to break free. Concentrating all his energy, he could just move his fingertips. He reached into his pouch the only thing he could grab, and pulled out a gold coin. Then flicking it as hard as possible.

It went flying through the air to hit Van who was sleeping by his side.

Van leapt to his feet, and upon seeing the beast, he yelled out on instinct.

"Best! Shadow Beast!" It was a panic and a reminder of a time when he was here in the past.

The pulsing in his pouch was now strong , and the white light could be seen shining through. He pulled it out, and as his fingers touched a white beam of light came out.

Hammering into the beast. It pushed it off Harry and started to squirm and cry in pain as if it was burning.

The light eventually stopped, and the beast could be seen crawling out from the tent.

Harry drew his sword, ready to chase after the beast and kill it in case it did any harm to others, but when he exited from the tent, he could see the beast's body slowly disintegrating, burning away leaving nothing behind.

When everyone had gathered back in the tent, Harry had recalled to them all what had happened and what he had felt.

"This is a problem." Sir K said with his hand on his chin. His eyebrows were furrowed as he had a deep concern. "This tent is located in the centre of the whole encampment. For it to reach us, then the beast would have gone past all the other tents."

"Which means?" Kyle asked.

"It means it wasn't a random attack," Bliss said. "They were aiming to come to this tent, and if that is the case, then we have to ask ourselves another question. Why did the beast choose to go after Harry, and not Van."

Everyone had turned to look at him, but even Harry didn't know the answer to this one.

"Thank you, you saved my life," Harry said to Van.

"Thanks, but it wasn't me; it was this crystal." He replied.

"Well, at least we know one thing," Lenny said. "That beast was something known as a mind eater. It is silent, and when one is sleeping, it can inject a mist that emits from its body to paralyse its enemy. Although small in size it is actually considered a king tier beast."

Now the others were starting to understand Van's importance in all of this. With a single beam shot from the crystal he held, he was easily able to kill a king tier beast. He would certainly be a tide changer in the war.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 474: Snow?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The big question on everyone's mind, including himself, was why Harry? Out of everyone there, there were more people that the Shadow could have tried to attack. Van for one who the Shadow was after before and held the crystal was only a few feet away from him.

Then there was also Bliss, the divine being herself. The only thing Harry could think of was that perhaps these two people weren't an option. The beast would have been killed in attempting to take them on, but then the original question came back. Why him?

This question would just have to stay in the back of his mind as they continued their journey.

The next day the army awoke and started the travels as planned. They marched and trenched through the shadow continent, still not seeing much of anything, or signs of life. Suddenly the land, as well as the weather, took a sudden turn.

"Snow?" Martha said.

The land was completely covered in snow. A giant white field including mountains and more were covered in a land of white. It seemed like a strange phenomenon because in the one area where they stood there was no sign of snow at all, yet just a few meters up ahead, it looked like a blizzard was taking place while where they stood was completely fine.

When they reached the edge of where the land changed. Bliss used a wind spell to push some of the snow forward, and underneath the shadow continent could still be seen.

Knowing they were now at least heading in the right direction, they decided to continue forward. The footing of the snow was tough, and at times the weather would be peaceful. Making it, so the walking part was the only thing they were having trouble with.

But at random intervals a blizzard would be upon them, making their vision impaired. Not being to see the entire army at the front.

Still, the Redwing army was strong with each member knowing how to utilise their Ki. They were able to walk through the snow without any troubles, but their vision would still be affected.

"I was thinking, where are we even going, how do we know where to go?" Kyle asked. "We're not just randomly walking in the snow looking for their fortress are we?"

"When the shadow continent took over the other kingdoms up north, they also took over their cities and castles." Bliss explained. "Although most structures were destroyed, the castles usually remained. Being slightly altered and turned into fortresses led by the Shadow guard. Not all of the castles were used, but those castles are where we will be heading."

"So there's a good chance that they might not even be where we are heading to now?" Kyle said, almost complaining.

"I think the fact that Harry almost getting killed last night is a good sign that we are on the right track," Lenny said.

"A bit of a history lesson for you all," Bliss said. "In the northern part of the continent, before the Shadow existed. One of these kingdoms is where me and the Great Dragon Sen once fought."

If it was anyone else saying this, they would have just taken it as nonsense, but it was the Divine being that was spouting this as fact. Even the Great dragon Sen was seen as a myth, but it seemed like it was true after all.

Hearing this, reminded Harry and Martha of what Ray had told Slyvia, that he was the Great dragon Sen.

'What if it was all true and that's why Ray dislikes Bliss?' Harry thought to himself, but then chuckled at the far fetched idea.

The group had eventually reached a bit of a problem. They had come across a frozen lake. The lake was quite large and wide, and if they were to travel around it, it might have taken a few extra days.

What worried them was if they were to take a few extra days, then maybe the reason Gary was waiting until this specific day would pass. The whole point of this was to meet Gary before the set date, to ruin his plans.

"Well, we need someone to test it first, right? And we all can't go on at once." Kyle said. "As a test for the ice, we need our two largest people."

The heads of the others turned to two in particular, the first being Lenny. He was so tall that some believed he was half-giant. He had a body of a large warrior, but he was clumsy and a sorcerer. The second person was Jack, who was also tall, although not as tall as Lenny but he was by far the heaviest of them.

His body was made of pure muscle, and he was thick.

"If it can hold them two, it can hold any of us," Kyle said.

The two got on at the same time. They walked on the ice and went a bit further until they were more towards the centre of the lake, but there were no cracks, and it seemed solid.

"Try jumping up and down!" Martha shouted.

And at the same time, the two of them jumped up, as they landed everyone squinted expecting the ice to break, but nothing had happened. Returning to the others, they confirmed the ice was sturdy, but it looked slippery, and it went on for even further then they thought.

"Just in case there is anything wrong, the black Sash knights, which includes Kyle in this shall go up first." Sir K said. "Our soft and smooth footsteps will be able to avoid anything even if the ice starts to break, or there is something up ahead, and we will warn you.

"It will also be best to split into groups of no more than a hundred. Otherwise, the weight might get to be too much."

The plan was put into motion, and the black sash knights went ahead along with Kyle and Sir K. Then when they gave the signal the next group was to go forward, which were the Redwing leaders and beast group.

Then finally it would be Katy, as she had split up the rest of the army in groups to head forward.

Everything seemed to be fine, and there were no problems, so Harry leading the second group, went on the ice with everyone. Then, one of the sudden blizzards had appeared again.

It made it hard for them to see who exactly was up ahead. Using his hand covering over his eyebrows, Harry was trying to see what was happening.

All he could see was a man jumping up and down waving his hand, but he had no clue what that meant.

"Kyle, head back now, we will deal with this!" Sir K said.

Kyle ran back as fast as he could. The group could see a black dot getting bigger coming towards them, but above him, was a large chunk of ice being thrown through the sky. Everyone jumped out of the way, trying to avoid the block. It smashed into the ground and tore right through the icy river revealing the water beneath.

"Everyone, they have a catapult, head back until Sir K deals with it!" Kyle shouted.

But more chunks of ice were being thrown over. The message had gotten to those in the back, and they had already started to retreat based on Katy's order. But for the second group, it was serious trouble.

The blocks of ice being hurled were so large, even if Harry cut them, it would just break more sections of the ice. Not that he was sure he even could cut them, so all they could do was avoid the parts of where the ice would go.

They were doing well until. One block of ice had hit the tail end of their group, cracking the lake, and it had taken one of their men at the back with them. That man was Lenny.

"NOOOO!" Harry shouted.

Hoping to dive in after him, but a few more blocks of ice were being thrown their way, then shortly after they stopped.

Sir K and his team had gotten rid of whatever was causing the problem. The group now no longer dealing with the onslaught of ice being hurled, went over to check where Lenny had fallen.

They waited there for a while to see if they could spot anything, to see if anyone would rise up but there was nothing.

"I'm going in!" Harry said.

"You can't," Martha replied. "It will be freezing down there and too dark it will be impossible to find him. If he hasn't come up now then…"

It had been too long for some to survive underwater.

"If I don't bring him back, Ray will kill me," Harry said.

"If we don't bring you back, Ray will kill us as well."

Harry was saddened and conflicted, at the same time, they needed to keep on moving. These small attacks form the Shadow, it was clear they were delays. For some reason, they didn't want their group getting to the fortress before the set date.

"Lenny is one of the cleverest mages I know," Roy said. "He will live from this, I promise you that. For now, let's concentrate on the task and not get distracted."

It was a tough decision to make, but in the end, they decided to move on.

"Lenny, meet us soon," Harry said.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 475: Too many futures
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The blizzard seemed to settle, and while on the ice they didn't have further problems moving on the lake. Sir K continued to move up ahead, and when Harry and his group finally arrived, they could see what had caused the problem.

A large catapult had been built, a single human body that was confirmed to be a true infected and then two intermediate beast dead that were infected by the shadow. A small force, but it did its job in delaying them and causing them to lose one man.

Lenny was a highly knowledgeable man who helped out Ray greatly when it came to learning about the shadow and the Dragon hammer. He had even helped out with the beasting process. His knowledge when it came to unusual magic was just as great as Bliss's if not even better, as Bliss magic seemed to be focused in one direction whereas Lenny was happy to experiment with a number of options.

Lenny wasn't even part of the Redwings but was hired as a mercenary, and his main reason for joining was because he had a deep hatred for the shadow. The reason why, no one knew, and now they may never know.

They continued further on the lake and received no further ambushes. This time, Sir K and the Black sash would go further ahead to confirm there was nothing in front. It would take slightly longer, but they wouldn't make the same mistake as they made before.

Eventually, that had left the lake and now were on land once again, heading forward.

Although the blizzard had died down, it seemed like its effects on the terrain ahead caused them to struggle a bit more. The snow was now deep and thick and hard to tread through even with the use of Ki.

"Hey, if they are controlling this weather, then they're going to be doing a good job of making us tired before we even get there," Kyle said as his legs ached.

"Kyle, I don't think the other people need this right now," Martha said. "If they hear you complaining out loud like you're doing, a Redwing leader, then they will start to think they can as well. It's important we put on a brave face."

After a while though, one could tell that everyone was getting tired as their movements slowed. If they were to come across the Shadow Army now, they would be done for. So in the end, they decided it was best to rest for the night. They pitched up their tents, and a meeting was called.

"Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all," Kyle complained. "We already lost Lenny, and the men are tired. I feel even if we run into the shadow, we won't be able to put up much of a fight. It might have been best to just stay in Avrion and fight them off with our full force."

"I disagree," Bliss said. "The shadow has attempted to slow us down two times now already, first by attempting to kill Harry and now this, it's clear we are disrupting their plans whatever it is."

The room was split in their decision, on deciding whether it was best to head back, or continue forward, in the end, the group decided to continue forward, with the vote marginally going that way. The main reason being, they felt Lenny's death would have been a waste otherwise.

Later that night, as they all laid asleep, they expected nothing out of the ordinary to happen. Outside, they had increased the security outside of their tents just in case they had any unexpected visitors.

They certainly did have an unexpected visitor as someone had entered the tent, but it was not an enemy this time but a friend. Hearing the heavy footsteps, everyone awoke quickly. They were on edge from the nights before, as well as the fact that they were in the shadow continent.

Roy quickly made a flame lighting up the room, and they could see the large figure was Lenny. His clothes were soaking wet, and his face and eyes were cold. He was shivering, and icicles had formed on his body.

"Lenny, we need to warm you up now!" Martha said, and she and Roy went other straight away to try to warm his body up but not too fast.

"How did you survive?" Kyle asked, but Lenny just continued to look forward, his body and actions strange. Most people would have died from staying in the lake that long. Sure there was magic, but if he had used magic, he would have looked to be in better condition then he was now.

When looking in his eyes, Harry was coming to his own conclusion.

"Do you think he's infected by the shadow?" Harry whispered to Sir k, Bliss and Van. It certainly did seem that way by his cold expression. On top of that, the shadow would enhance one's body, and it would certainly explain how he had survived a plunge into the icy river.

"I saw it," Lenny said. "I saw the future you spoke of."

Bliss then ran off to Lenny and grabbed him by the shoulders. "What do you mean, what did you see?" She asked.

"It was like I was dreaming when I was under the river. I saw the shadow, Gary leading an army destroying and killing everyone, Van with the white stone crushed to pieces, and Ray was there as well, but he was covered in blood."

After speaking these words, his large body started to sway and then he had fallen over, passing out.

"What does this mean? Is this what you saw as well Bliss?" Sir K asked.

"No, the vision he saw was different to mine. Originally I just saw the shadow taking over everything. Then it changed with Ray, Van and me fighting back. Then the most recent versions there was no Ray, but he saw Ray yet still it sounded like we lost." Bliss explained.

"But Ray isn't with us now, doesn't that mean it could still be different?" Martha asked.

"It can always be different, my guess this is just another one of the Shadow's tricks to get us to turn back," Bliss said, as she went off and to check up on Lenny's well being.

"Are you sure we're doing the right thing," Roy asked. "It seems to me that she has convinced herself that no matter what this is the right thing to do. Even though there have been a number of signs telling us otherwise."

They didn't want to admit it, because they had all gotten this far thanks to the Divine being, the whole of Avrion was built on it but what Roy was saying made a lot of sense.

The next day, despite Lenny's strange actions last night, he seemed to be back to his normal quirky self once again. His pale body and cold eyes had returned to normal.

When the others asked if he remembered what happened, he had no recollection of saying anything, nor did he remember how he had gotten back to the others. Which just confirmed their theories even more so. That he was most likely under the influence of the shadow.

But after thoroughly checking Lenny out, Bliss said she could sense no such thing, and he really did seem like he had returned to his regular old self.

Their travels continued and they could feel that they were getting closer and closer. Unfortunately, as Bliss said, they were getting closer to the old kingdom. The blizzard seemed to be reacting to that as well, getting even more fierce.

Even though it was still daylight outside, they had no choice but to set up camp for that night. When sound asleep that night, nothing out of the ordinary and come to meet them this time.

However, Harry was tossing and turning in his sleep, more so than ever before as if he was now possessed by something. In his dreams, he too could see the same vision that Lenny had spoken off. The white crystal was destroyed. Bliss hung up and was held by Gary.

As for Ray, he was covered in blood, but it wasn't due to Gary. For there was something else that could be sensed in the war. A third power. A power that was stronger than the original Dragon hammer. Stronger than the white stone given to Van.

This power, a strange and horrible beast, one with unimaginable power. It was looking down at Ray, who looked too injured to defend against it. As the beast lunged forward, so did Ray and a deathly image behind him appeared but before Harry could make out what it was, he woke up. Covered in a sweat.

"What the hell was that all about, and the beast. Was that the one that had escaped from underneath Avrion?"

It all felt too real to just be a simple vision.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 476: The other side
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Some time had passed since Monk had joined the Dark guild, and so far he had yet to do any tasks that required him to kill steal or murder. All the things that the old Avrion and Alure kingdom had told them when they were growing up as students.

All the horrible deeds they would do, he had one none of it. Since joining, Monk hadn't met up with Morfran once and instead was put under the charge of a man named Stinkstun. They were a group who would regularly travel between all of the hidden Dark guild bases within the other kingdoms.

Acting as escorts for Beast crystals and items. Supplies for the Dark Guild. Often on the road, they would be attacked by wild beasts or bandits, and it was their job to protect the goods. From time to time, when resting in a place, they would complete quests for extra gold.

The Dark guild basis they were always a sweet looking town, and certain inns that were under the control of the Dark Guild, and while being with them, Monks started to learn certain signs one would have to look for. The marking of the eye underneath a rug, or sometimes in the toilet walls, hidden behind other markings.

They weren't obvious, but when knowing what to look for they were. At the moment, Monk was having a drink with Stinkstun in one of the taverns. Although Monk wasn't a drinker, he still felt like he was too young and his body too small, so he ordered his usual, a glass of milk.

"Drinking that won't make you any taller, you know," Stinkstun said.

"I'm not trying to," Monk replied, taking a good swig of the milk before hammering the glass down on the countertop. "I just don't like the taste of alcohol."

"Ay, and neither do I."

"Then why drink it?"

"Because it's the best problem solver in all of Bronzeland. It makes me forget what we do, who we work for. I'm no fool. Even though the tasks we do now seem little and small. We are helping those above us, and at the end of the day, the Dark guild works for the Shadow."

This was the first time Monk had heard someone speak badly of the Dark guild which was a surprise, but more than the Dark guild itself, it was who they worked for.

"You're skilled Monk, you have protected us, and we would have lost far more men without you. Any kingdom would be lucky to have you in their army, so I hate to think how someone as young as you ended up here. While you still don't have blood on your hands, I would get out while you can."

Just then, the Tavern doors opened, and in came running one of the Dark guild members, on his face the look of panic. He ran straight over to Stinkstun and whispered in his ears.

"Everyone, a member of the shadow guard has arrived, be respectful at all times!" Stunkstun shouted. The way they were acting, it was a bigger deal then if the Guild leader himself had arrived.

Shortly after, a man in a full set of Black armour had come walking through those doors, on his head a ferocious helmet that looked like it had been made from a dragon. Over his right arm, a gauntlet with gems shining, then finally around his waist a strange sword, which also contained the marking of the eye.

Everyone immediately bowed down as the member of the shadow guard entered the room. The energy and power could be felt seeping off him, but more so then the person themselves. It felt like it was coming from the gauntlet around his arm.

The Shadow guard walked forward, ignoring everyone and went right to the back where the counter was. "Another glass of milk for myself." The man said.

Lifting his head slightly, that's when Monk noticed something. On his waist the sword, it was something he had seen before, and the voice was recognisable.

"I've been looking for you, care to have a drink with an old friend." As he said these words, he took the helmet off.

"Gary!" Monk said.

Gary ordered the rest of the men to continue their business but also to not get in-between to old friends speaking who hadn't seen each other in a while. When Monk had fallen in the cliff and was spared by the strange-looking creature and man, it was during the time that Gary had been taken over by whatever possessed the Dragon hammer, which was the Dragon gauntlet now.

So he was unaware of what position Gary currently held in the Shadow's army. A brief introduction of how they both came to be where they were to be was said and then soon after a serious look appeared on Gary's face.

"I will cut to the chase. When I heard that you had joined the Dark guild I had come here personally to ask you something. I want you to come with me, and become the leader of my Shadow battalion. An Army I control in the shadow continent." Gary asked.

"What! But Gary, I'm with the Dark Guild now, I can't just leave."

"You fool," Gary replied. "The dark guild is under me now. When I was appointed Shadow guard by the Shadow, I was given the dark guild since they are under human control. Me and Morfran are seen as equals, if I want you, then I can simply take you."

Monk didn't really know what to say, his feelings were conflicted as he was meeting an old friend. What was even worse, was that Gary felt like he was completely sane. It didn't feel like someone who was infected by the Shadow.

"Avrion, they are sending an army to my fortress as we speak. I felt like you were important in helping my goal, so I ignored it and came here."

"The knights of Avrion, they are strong, do you think you can beat them?" Monk asked.

"We," Gary said sternly, adamant that Monk would join him. "Yes, because I have this." Lifting up his gauntlet Monk could sense the power, and slowly something was seeping into his mind. An energy he never felt before.

Just seeing the item in front of him, he knew it contained such great power that Avrion stood no chance. Allowing them to have a quick death was doing them a favour. But he kept flickering, images of those at Avrion would appear, and he didn't know what he was thinking right now.

'Martha.' Monk thought.

"You will have to fight Ray," Monk said. "You know as well as I do that he will have gotten a lot stronger in this time. He protected Avrion from the Shadow attack before, why can't he do it again?"

"This is not the only power we have," Gary said. "The Shadow has given me a gift, a secret weapon that will deal with Ray. Honestly, if we can, I don't plan to kill Ray. I wish to capture him alive, it would be great if he could come over to our side, see what you and me see, but I doubt that very much."

"If Ray refuses to join?"

"Then, I will have no choice but to kill him."

Looking at the gauntlet once again, with the energy emitting from it, Monk certainly believed him. The longer he stared at the object, the more he thought it was hopeless to try to fight back and before he knew it, he said.

"I'll join you."

A smile appeared on Gary's face, after resting the night they went to the border to travel by ship. With him, Gary had a small army of his own. It was hard to tell if they were human or beasts, and there were some true infected on board, but they would all listen to Gary's command.

"It's strange that you were once a squire who trained to fight against the shadow, and now they follow your every order," Monk said.

"Not just my order, but they will follow yours as well. Both of us now hold a high position in the Shadow's army. Believe me it's not so strange. Even Ray, who was a squire alongside us has become a king."

"A king!" Monk said surprised. It seems like there was a lot for him to learn about what had happened during his time at the Dark guild.

After travelling by ship for a few days, they had eventually reached the side of the Shadow continent. It was covered in a thick snow which Monk was not expecting, and now they needed to march and travel onward to the fortress to prepare for the Great War.

Finally, they had arrived at the large vast dark castle. Looking at it, Monk just started to wonder, what secret weapon did the Shadow give Gary to fight back against Ray.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 477: Big Attack
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Redwing army continued to travel further and deeper into the Shadow content, walking through the thick and heavy snow. The further they went, the deeper they were involved, and the harder it was for them to all turn back. They were pretty sure they were already beyond the point of return now.

According to Bliss, they were getting closer as they had entered a mountainous area. This was between the border of two kingdoms which in the past would constantly be at war, but both of the kingdoms had built their castle within the mountainous area, making it hard for either one to attack.

Right now they were walking up quite the deep slope, up ahead several odd-looking mounds could be seen. They had walked past some on the ways, and they had just assumed that they were rocks or boulders that had been covered with snow. At first, they had only passed a small amount and thought nothing of it, but now they were seeing many.

"Stop!" Bliss shouted. She was getting increasingly worried about these strange looking boulders and the way they were positioned. Going up to one, but staying a fair distance away. She started to chant a spell.

"Gustonte!" A big gust of wind blew out from her staff, and the snow was thrown off from the boulder. To her disappointment, it looked like that, just an ordinary boulder, she had suspected it to be a beast in disguise.

"Move!" Kyle shouted as he managed to reach Bliss just in time, pushing her out of the way. The snow beneath the boulder had moved ever so slightly and out from under, a spear could be seen coming out.

Kyle had his back faced towards the spear, and a clang was heard as his beast shell and the spear collided.

"It's another ambush, prepare for battle!" Harry shouted.

If a spear had come from underneath one of the boulders, it could only mean one of two things. It was a high-level humanoid beast which was very unlikely, or it was humans. The Redwing army drew their blades under Katy's command, while the Dragon knights made sure to protect both Van and Bliss.

Out from underneath the snow, black armour could be seen with the emblem of the eye. They were people from the Dark Guild. However, that didn't seem to be their only worry. Large white gorilla-like creatures with white fur and four arms could be seen as not too far away in the distance.

In total around twenty or so of them. The Dark Guild members numbered around two hundred, and they also had the beasts on their side. Even though the redwings outnumbered them, they were struggling with the terrain, and the beasts were extremely agile. They were advanced tier beasts affected by the shadow, making them as strong as a king tier.

It was by far the biggest force the Shadow had sent after them.

"We're on to them, I know we are!" Bliss said as she fired off several energy blasts in different directions. Her magic wasn't the strongest, but she certainly had control.

Most of the Redwing leaders were fearing fine, dealing with the opponent in front of them without too much trouble, but the beasts seemed to go right past them and headed for the main army in the back being led by Katy.

"Their goal was never to kill us in this attack." Kyle said, but it was to weaken us."

Leaving the other stronger members behind, Harry went ahead to try to help the main army with the beasts.

Katy had just blocked a hammering blow using her shield, and she had stabbed one of its hands before it could retreat, but it felt pretty useless as there were three others it could use. Aiming to hammer down its first one after the other, she eventually rolled out of the way, Into the thick snow. But the blow continued from the gorilla beast, hitting one of the Red wing members on top of the head. The blow was so hard that the snow around them was being dyed red.

A few seconds later, and someone was seen leaping up on top of the gorilla stabbing it right through the head a couple of times. Its body started to sway, and before it did, Harry had jumped off into the snow.

Katy wanted to thank him for getting revenge, but he had already left to deal with the next ones, and that's when she noticed the army wasn't faring well at all to these beasts. Turning her head, she looked at the Redwing leaders.

It was a strange sight to see, a few of the Redwings were holding back an army of around two hundred Dark guild members, and at their end, a thousand Red wing members were being held up by only twenty or so beasts.

"I nearly forgot that these guys work for the shadow!" Kyle said, kicking one of them away, and then quickly turning his back to another to avoid a stab with a spear.

"It was always a worry," Martha replied. "We aren't just going up against Gary. He has the whole shadow backing him, and that includes Morfran and his men."

Among the chaos, Van hadn't really done much, but he couldn't either. All the other members, Badger, Sloth, Dan, Jack were protecting him, he felt useless. But then, something warm was felt by the side of his leg. Looking down, he could see the crystal pulsating in and out once again.

"The crystal!" Van said, pulling it out. He quickly tried to do what he had done before, focusing his energy and aiming at the people from the Dark Guild, but there was nothing.

"Come on!" Van shouted. "You worked before, why wouldn't you work now!"

"Boy, the crystal is a pure source!" Lenny shouted out. "It may be that it can only get rid of those infected by the shadow. These men are perfectly sane and have chosen to follow them out of their own choice.

Hearing Lenny's words, he knew what to do. He decided to break out in the other direction from the circle surrounding him, and instead head to where the main army was. The two closest were Badger and Sloth, and they decided to protect him as best as they could.

Flying arrows, thrown daggers, the whole lot they blocked each one of them. When it came to killing the king tier beasts though, they weren't too prepared.

"Please work!" Van shouted, focusing his energy on the crystal and pointing it towards one of the infected gorillas. Just like before, a strong beam of white energy came out, hitting the gorillas and it started to burn them until there was nothing left but ash.

With the use of the white crystal, the soldiers started to see hope. All Van needed to do was get close, and the army helped him best they could with that. Whenever he did, he would use the crystal to burn them once again.

In his hand, he felt such power. He would have never dreamed of killing beasts that were meant to be as powerful as a king tiers and here he was finishing them off in a few seconds.

'As long as we have this, we can't lose the war.'

Before Van had joined up and started to help, Harry had been fighting non-stop. His body was growing very tired and leading everyone was more mentally challenging then he thought. He could see that a big chunk of their forces would be wiped out taking care of these gorillas, so he decided to lure a couple of them away, and he was successful.

A few scuffs and cuts were on the beast's hands from Harry's blades, even if he couldn't kill them, he was going to hurt them and today wasn't the day he was going to die.

'Why do I feel so weak, was it always like this.' He started to think. He had never been in a war like this one before, and this was the closest one to it for him. Sweat was running down his whole back and he was breathing heavily.

Something just wasn't right, things weren't right ever since he had that strange vision. Another attack was blocked from the gorilla, but with it, his blades went flying, and we're lost somewhere in the snow.

With only his bare hands, he could do nothing, all he could do was transform.

'What why!' Even now, that had let him down, his body wasn't listing, and he could do nothing about it.

One of the gorillas came forward, and Harry wanted to run or jump out of the way, but his legs weren't listing to him. Before the beast could reach Harry, a strange short but wide man started in their way and swung his giant axe right through the beast's head.

The other beast quickly left after that.

Harry had no clue who this man was, but he wanted to thank his saviour.

When the man got close, with the back of his axe, he hit Harry hard against the head and was knocked out. Soon after he was lifted and placed over the strange man's shoulder. Kidnapped.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 478: Fragmented
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a tough battle they had faced fighting the twenty advanced tier beasts infected by the shadow, as well as the two hundred or so Dark Guild members. Thankfully the fight had ended with little casualties on their side. From their thousand or so strong army, it had only lost around fifty men.

At first, the Redwing members and leaders were thankful that they hadn't lost so many people. It was a great achievement and they felt like they had foiled the Shadow's plans in weakening their large army, but soon they came to realise something.

"I can't find Harry anywhere." Martha said. "Katy said she had saved him and then went on to fight some beasts, luring them away from the army. When I got there, there were two dead beasts and some red blood in the snow.'

"Then I fear that the Dark Guild has actually been successful in their plans." Said Lenny. "They have captured or even killed who they had originally come here for."

"What makes you so sure of that? We attacked and fended them off." Dan replied. "I'm sure they never expected us to get rid of so many of their people yet lose so few of our own."

"We were blind." Bliss added as she sat down on the snow, she looked defeated and tired. In fact they all did. The main members of the Redwings were the ones who were fighting the Dark Guild members. Although they had come out pretty unscathed, that was due to their own skill and not the lack of skill from the Dark Guild members.

"The Dragon knights were too focused on trying to protect Van and me." Bliss added. "That we didn't even focus on Harry. They had already targeted him once, so we should have kept an eye on him."

The others felt this was true, they just never thought someone like Harry, who was stronger than most of them there would need protecting.

"We need to make a decision." Sir K said. "Do we carry on moving forward having lost one of our commanders or do we head back to Avrion and have our last stand there? The Shadow has achieved their goal and so far we have just run into bad luck after bad luck. I feel if we continue forward we may all lose our lives."

"We can't go back, that's exactly what the Shadow wants us to do!" Bliss shouted.

"We have to face the facts." Roy added, "They were prepared for our surprise attack, it was a risky move in the first place heading into their territory. We would be better off fortifying our own defences and setting up small traps along the way just like they have done."

"Then are we just meant to leave Harry with the Dark guild members? Although I may not agree with Bliss's decision I can't leave without knowing what happened to Harry." Martha complained.

"And risk more lives?" Roy said. "Following this God blindly might be exactly the vision she is seeing in the first place. Just because she is a god doesn't mean she will always get it right."

The tension was already high between people in their own group and now it was higher than before, but it was understandable with the lives of others on their hands, and having lost someone close to them.

"And Kyle, what do you think of all of this? I have yet to hear from you." Sir K asked.

"I feel conflicted. Like Bliss says they are trying so hard to make it so we don't reach the fortress, maybe we can do something when we get there. If we head back I feel like Avrion is done for without Ray. What I'm more concerned about is why Jack and his group didn't transform. If they did they could have dealt with the beasts and Harry wouldn't have had to go and try to save those people.

Jack stood silently with his hands in his pockets as he looked to the ground. He had fought hard, but it was true, Jack had told those with him and himself to not transform in this fight, but he had his own reason for doing so.

Ever since Ray hadn't come back from the Empire, he felt like it would be his burden to take on Gary. He knew how strong he was before and could imagine how strong he had gotten. Because of this, he wanted to reserve every last bit of energy he could for the big fight, but now it kind of seemed pointless having lost a dear friend.

"I'm sorry." Jack finally said. "I agree, I too don't want to leave without getting Harry back."

"Then it's decided. We shall proceed further with the main goal of looking for Harry." Sir K said with a smile. He was proud of these former students of his. Although it wasn't exactly the best decision to put their real goal on the back foot, he also thought that the Shadow's reason for taking Harry played a bigger part in all this than Bliss originally thought, an oversight on her behalf. There was one thing Roy was right about, trotting the vision might very well be their downfall in all of this.

*****

The constant sound of his body banging against something was heard, and he had eventually opened his eyes. Harry could only see the snow and the back of the large man's foot that was carrying him. His hands had been tied with galthrium, even with his powerful Ki it was impossible to break. As for his swords, they were lost somewhere in the snow.

"I'm sorry Ray." Harry said, realising that one of the swords was the black raven that had been gifted to him, but he was sorry for something else as well. With Ray gone, Harry felt like he was left with the task of looking after Avrion, filling his position and here he was, having been captured by the Dark guild.

It was dark outside and he had no clue how long the man had been walking for. Where they were he did not know, but eventually he could hear the sound of laughing and people chatting. He was thrown onto the ground and placed near a fire.

That's when Harry realised he was in a temporary made camp that looked to have around fifty or so members in it. They hadn't sent their full forces to attack, it looked like they didn't even break a sweat in their forces today. Even now he was looking at a small portion of them.

'It was a mistake to come to the Shadow continent.' Harry thought.

"I'm tired." The man said who had hurled him all this way. "Listen here, don't try to escape. I have captured you once on his orders but if you try to leave, then I won't bother capturing you again. No way am I lifting your body up in one piece, you will be dead in a body bag, ya hear?"

Harry didn't say anything and the man took it as an answer as he went over to the others to celebrate with a drink and some food. They had to be some distance away from the others now, otherwise they wouldn't be making so much noise out in the open like so.

Harry sat there frustrated that he had allowed himself to be captured. Whatever the Dark guild was planning to do with him, he wanted no part in it. He would rather die than help them towards their plan, but with the cuffs on and his Ki being weak, he was unsure what to do in his predicament.

It seemed like Harry had been brought to the centre of the camp where the leader of this Dark guild platoon laid. The man that brought him in was a Dark guild master. These ranks were set up to be a copy of those at Avrion, so the master here was the same as a sash master. Which would mean the man in front of him contained the same strength as someone at Sir K or Wilfred's level. This thought made him feel a little better that he wasn't taken in by some no name.

His pride would have been hurt if he were knocked out by a normal dark guild member. When the cheering and laughter died down, each of them looked into the fire and Harry saw this as his opportunity. Through listening to their conversation he had learnt that the man's name was Mukdad, and while they were speaking they talked of such things as their family back home and more, it made Harry realise that not all of those who worked with the Shadow were complete monsters, there were humans too.

Harry thought maybe he could reach out to this man's softer side.

"Why, why have you kept me alive?" Harry asked.

"I ask myself that same question, boy." Mukdad said. "It's best you ask the leader himself when you see him."

"The Dark guild leader, Morfran?" Harry asked.

"No, we work for someone you apparently should know well, as he used to be on your side until recently." The person he was talking about was Gary.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 479: The Lions mouth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day the Dark guild soldiers continued to move through the snow. Harry was no longer tied up like he was before. He assumed because he had no weapons on him at the moment they saw him as no threat and the Dark guild master Mukdad seemed to be pretty confident he could at least take Harry on, either that or the crossbow users would shoot him down before he could do anything.

The reason for him being kept alive, at least he had an idea of that now. Apparently, Gary still saw him as a friend, someone that they could convince over to his side, but he struggled to truly believe that answer. There was Jack, and others that they could have tried to convince and Harry and Gary's relationship was a strange one in the first place.

In all honesty, Harry felt a little disheartened. 'Did they chose me because they think I'm the most likely to switch sides?'

Thinking back to everything, they did at one point have someone working for the other side, his father. Maybe because his father was influenced by the Shadow and Dark guild, he could be as well.

"I hope you will have made up your mind by the time you make it to Lion's mouth," Mukdad said.

The lion's mouth was the apparent name of the fortress they were heading to, the one that Avrioon was planning to attack.

"I need more time to think," Harry replied.

Mukdad started to laugh. "I hope you don't say that when you meet him. It's quite simple you refuse, and you die."

While journeying with Mukdad, he found that these people were perfectly sane that worked for the Dark guild. There were some that were partially infected by the Shadow, or completely but it was clear they were doing this out of choice, which was the same for Harry's father which is why no one had any idea at the time he was working against them.

Because of this, Harry was actually deeply interested in their reason for taking part in the war. Maybe he could understand his father's decisions more as well.

"Tell me why does the Dark guild work with the Shadow, or why do you work with the Shadow. I don't see you as a senseless murderer. You seem like a good man."

"And I am," Mukdad replied. "It seems Avrion has filled you with lies. Does that joined the Dark guild may have started because of a grudge against Avrion, but that is only because of their foolish ways. We already know full well the extent of the Shadow's power. We want to resolve this whole thing more peacefully than anyone.

"By helping the shadow achieve its goal, we have struck a deal, and we hope we can live side by side along with the shadow."

"That's crazy!" Gary replied. "How can you trust such an evil thing, what if the shadow was to go against its own word."

"It hasn't so far, and we haven't been hurt by it. In our eyes, you fools are truly the foolish ones. Resisting and sending people into war who don't even want to fight, only prolonging the torture. Did the other side even begin to think there was another way to resolve this peacefully? Or were they just afraid that something different had appeared, something they didn't understand?

"You're a smart kid I can tell, the fact that you have even bothered to ask these questions rather than shout and brand us as the enemy tells me that. But your people have blindly followed the Divine being, to us we are just following another. Which side is evil, right or wrong that is all a matter of opinion. To me, none of that really matters.

"It's just choosing the winning side, and I'm pretty sure I'm on the winning side."

The rest fo the walk was silent for Harry as he took in everything that was said to him. He never had any loyalty to the Divine being like the old fools who used to run the council. In the end, that led to the death of them.

A lot of what Mukdad was referring to was actually the old Avrion. He didn't take orders from the Divine being, right now, he followed a man called Ray. That was the side Harry had chosen.

Eventually, they had reached the fortress. It stood forty foot tall, and its walls had been crafted with a strange black material. Once one would go past the black walls they would eventually reach the castle.

However, what was impressive itself was where the fortress laid. It seemed to be built within the mountain, as if a large cave had been carved out. On the path, they walked it was sloped leading upward, and by either side two large mountains. There was only one way to reach the fortress, and that was the slope itself.

Stood on top of the wall. Archers, beasts and buckets of strange liquid. Images of the Redwing army walking up this slope appeared in Harry's head once again. The terrain was unfavourable and it looked like they were fully prepared.

To even reach the fortresses walls would be a huge task. He could imagine all the blood that would be split on this slope.

"Do you still think you have chosen the correct side in this fight?" Mukdad said, smiling looking back at Harry.

Once they had passed the walls ,the other soldiers that were with them left to take their positions and send an update on what they had seen. Inside the walls, Harry was surprised that he could see men and Beasts working together. Clearly, the beasts had been infected by the Shadow, but they seemed to have some type of intelligence, or the Shadow was controlling them all.

The two of them had a different path to take. When they had gone past the walls they could see the castle but it seemed empty and hardly used, men were stationed on it, but only as a way for them to attack.

Heading through the large door, he noticed that it was a staircase leading downward underneath and not above.

"This is the shadow continent. Strong beasts lurk beneath the ground not above. What you see up here is only a fraction of the forces." Mukdad said.

Harry gulped as he composed himself and went downward. When they arrived, they could see several large tunnels that led to all sorts of different places. Down below, there were more beasts than men, and they seemed to be moving all sorts of things as they prepared for war.

Each one of them was heavily equipped in armour and such, and for the first time, he even saw a couple of beasts wearing armour as well. It was as if there was an entire city below the castle itself.

"Come on, follow me," Mukdad said.

Harry was in far too deep now, there was no turning back and it would be impossible to escape. If he wanted to try, he should have tried his luck a lot earlier.

"It's impressive right, rumours say that the tunnels here weren't made by man or beast, but the kingdom used to work closely with the dwarves," Mukdad explained.

Now, Harry understood why some of the architecture he had seen around the place looked like what the Redwings had. If it was true, then did the Shadow take over whatever equipment had been left behind by the old kingdom?

Perhaps they had things that, even the other kingdoms hadn't been seen in war yet. This thought was haunting Harry's mind as it seemed things were looking more grim for his friends in the Redwings.

"Remember, you don't have to work against us," Mukdad said.

It seemed Mukadad was truly trying his hardest to convince Harry over to their side, and he was starting to wonder if something similar happened to Monk.

At that moment, a beast infected by the Shadow, with its crazed eyes walked past. It had dribble coming from its mouth and had snapped towards Harry. Luckily one of the soldiers had pulled it back with a few chains.

"I know you have doubts but remember we work with them, not for them," Mukdad said. "Anyway we have spoken enough, the person awaits you inside."

The two of them were led to the underground forgery where weapons were to be made. The heat coming from outside the room was immense. Harry seemed to remember that the demon possessing Gary seemed to feel stronger when near heat so it would make sense.

Mukdad, just stood behind, and nodded motioning Harry to move forward. Pushing open the door and heading in, he could see many workers hammering away, creating weapons. Stood at the very back, Both Gary and Monk could be seen talking with a soldier.

When Harry entered the room, they both turned and looked at Harry.

"We have been waiting for you," Gary said with a smile.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 480: Why me?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Harry entered the room and set his eyes on both Monk and Gary, it looked like he was looking at two completely different people. They were no longer the students who he had attended the academy with, they carried the air around them like that of royalty and the equipment they wore reinforced this.

Carefully crafted and made of high quality beast crystal, it would have to be at least king tier gear the both of them were wearing, maybe even higher. At first Harry thought that maybe Monk had a fate similar to himself where he had been captured and had decided to work on their side as a spy of sorts. But when looking into his eyes he looked possessed.

In fact, if he was to compare the two of them side by side, Gary's eyes were the ones that still looked human, they had colour in them, while Monk's had been completely lost.

'Is this the power of the demon possessing the Dragon hammer? Is it too late to bring them back and save them?' Harry thought clenching his fist, maybe there was still hope for one of them.

"It has been a long time Harry." Gary said. "Welcome to the Lion's mouth, I was hoping we would have one more join us but it seems no one is aware of his whereabouts."

'Is he referring to Ray? Maybe the theory of the two shadows not working together were true after all, or it means that Ray wasn't defeated by the shadow ant and is still alive out there somewhere.'

"Monk, Martha would be disappointed to see what you have become." Harry said.

By mentioning possibly the one who was closest to him at one point, Harry wanted to see if he was truly a lost cause.

"Perhaps," Monk replied, "But whether she is pleased or not is none of my concern. Besides, look at all of this here, now I am second in command of such a large army."

Hearing this greatly disappointed Harry. Either Monk was a first class actor or he truly was beyond saving now. Every so often, Harry noticed that Monk would stare at the gauntlet that covered Gary's arm as if he was possessed.

'So why did you bring me here?" Harry asked.

"I believe my men have already answered that question for you, or you are not smart enough to figure that out?" Gary replied. "I want you to join us of course. You are strong Harry, far stronger than Avrion takes credit for and maybe even yourself, here you would be able to grow."

Harry was starting to wonder if they really did just want him to go other to his side after all. Did Gary really mobilise such units just for him? It didn't make any sense. In the Divine beings vision Harry never played an important role in any of this.

"Is that why you sent those creatures after me?" Harry said almost sarcastically, as it seemed Gary actually wanted him dead.

"I knew you would survive, if you couldn't survive that then what was the point of me trying to recruit you? Many people will die in this war Harry, and I don't want you to be one of them."

"What about Ray?" Harry asked. If he couldn't get through to Monk who he originally thought would be the easier of the two, then maybe there was some of Gary left inside of this person. "How would he feel about all of this, seeing you on the other side going against the people he promised to protect? He at one point wanted to protect you two as well, he still does feel this way."

"Then where is Ray!" Gary shouted in anger and his eyes glowed, his gauntlet seemed to be reacting as the gauntlets crystals started to slightly glow. After calming down, Gary continued to speak. Monk smiled seeing the gauntlet's power. "Ray was the reason for all of this, if it wasn't for him trying to look for the Dragon hammer in the first place then I would have never seeked out its power."

"What are you talking about, don't you remember Gary? That gauntlet attached itself to you. At one point you were willing to do anything for Ray, so much so that you risked your own life to try and help Ray by removing the gauntlet off that strange man and the power latched on to you. You never seeked out its powers."

For a second, Gary stopped and hesitated, as if he was trying to recall the events. What happened in his head and what Harry had told him seemed to be two different things. "Lies, I remember exactly what I had done. After removing the hammer from the man, I picked it up and allowed it to attach to me."

It was harder for Harry to make his case to Gary, for he wasn't there at the time and the only thing he could go on was based on what he had been told. But he was sure that what Jack had said was true, and that was the reason why Gary had just hesitated seconds ago. Somewhere the real Gary was still inside.

"I think you have my answer Gary." Harry said. "I refuse to join you. My loyalty lies with Ray and not just him, but you, Gary, and Monk as well. The real Gary and Monk are the ones who had saved Avrion that day from the evil that was brewing within. Those are the people I serve. If you wish to kill me, then so be it."

"Oh, I will not kill you Harry. For I know you will come to our side eventually just like your father did. You see, the gauntlet has already told me you will. It will be Monk and Ray as my left and right hand men."

At that point, Harry understood what had happened. Maybe Gary hadn't noticed it but there had been a slip up with names. He didn't say Monk and Harry, he said Ray. This whole time, even while possessed by the demon, the real Gary just wanted Ray back by his side like the good old days.

He was never after Harry, perhaps he had even gone searching for Ray but could never find Ray, and now he was using him as a cheap substitute.

"I'm not the main character in this story after all." Harry mumbled. "I'm sorry but what you wish won't come true. Ray will never be by your side. Not unless you return to us." Harry said.

Gary's blood started to boil and rage from within. He wanted to do something, lash out to get rid of this rage, but he could hurt Harry if he didn't control himself. He would seem simply childish if he lashed out after losing this argument of his.

Turning his head, he saw a forger close to him banging away. He walked up to the large man and with the demon gauntlet he picked him up by the neck as if he weighed at all.

"Look at this, look at this power I now possess. All of these lives belong to me. They mean nothing to me and I can do as I wish with them all."

"Kill him." Monk said.

"If you think this is a way for you to get me to come to your side, then you are wrong." Harry said. "Do you kill innocent people as well? Soon even your own army will turn on you if you do that."

"Kill him!" Monk said again.

Gary's grip appeared to tighten and the man was struggling to breathe. The other workers tried their best to ignore it, but it was hard when they could see their fellow man being held up and struggling to breath.

This was not a leader they wanted to follow. Morfran the dark guild leader would have never done things like this, he was still human and cared for his people greatly. But this young boy, Gary, was just a demon in human skin.

"Stop!" Harry shouted, running forward, there were no weapons in his hand, and Monk seeing this, went in for a strike with his dagger, but Harry ducked underneath it with ease.

"Monk, you would have become far stronger if you stayed at Avrion. You have no idea what we have been through!" Harry shouted now having reached Gary. With his full weight, he had marched into Gary causing him to drop the man to the floor.

But seconds after Monk had his dagger drawn and was ready to slice Harry's throat.

"You think I'm weak huh!" Monk shouted. "Let's see you say that again with your throat ripped out."

But before the dagger could reach, Gary had stopped it, grabbing it with the gauntlet hand. "Do not kill him." Gary said. "He needs to see the truth and he will join our side. Tomorrow, the Redwing army will be upon us, and I want you to watch us win this war, as I do so without even losing a single soldier.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 481: Into battle!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before the Redwing army set off for the day, all the soldiers were told to gather together, each in their formation. The Redwing's so called Dragon knights and leaders stood in front of the army. All of them standing tall and bold, not showing any fear on their faces. Facing opposite them with Katy at the front was the whole of the Redwing forces.

Everyone knew that today was the day. They had endured a harsh trip but after a good night's rest today was the day that they would reach the fortress. The day that many lives would be lost and blood will be shed in the hopes of a better future for those ahead of them. They were doing this to protect their families that lived back home.

Van stood in the centre of the Redwing leaders and Sir K was by his side as he was to give an inspiring speech to them all. Van's fingers nervously twitched by his side as he looked at them all. He was doing his best to remember each of their faces, he wanted to. He didn't want a single one of their lives to be lost and forgotten. Some of them didn't have any family and was the reason they chose to fight.

Maybe after today they would be forgotten forever. Not wanting this to happen to them, Van tried to remember all of their names and faces but this was quite the impossible task.

"I will not lie to you all!" Sir K shouted in a booming voice, utilising his Ki to reach the vast crowd of soldiers. "The shadow is strong and this will not be an easy fight, but we will also not make it easy for them. In the past attacks against the shadow have never worked before.

"Not once has an army been able to take back land from the shadow but at Avrion, the Redwings had achieved a first in human history. We had successfully defended an attack from the shadow. On that day we made history and today we will make history again. We will be the first kingdom to also take back land from the shadow!"

The army cheered in response to this, and Sir K's speech seemed to inspire them. He then looked over to Van the prince and gave him a nod. At that moment Van lifted up the crystal.

"We have powers the shadow is afraid of. You all witnessed the power of the white stone when they tried to ambush us. Their beasts were burnt to ashes and we shall do the same to their fortress."

Lifting up his fist, the army all gave one large cheer again and the march through the snow soon started after. With their spirits uplifted the snow felt lighter than it ever did before.

The leaders walked up front taking the charge, but just like before Van and Bliss were heavily protected by the strongest members of the Redwings and the beast force was also there including the two students.

"Please remember prince, that the white stone will only work on beasts. There are enemies that it will not work on and it will be our job to deal with them." Bliss reminded him.

Hearing this, Kyle gripped his Chain weapon even tighter. So far everyone who had gone to try and convince Gary to come back hadn't returned or ended up going over to his side. Maybe they were all being foolish thinking they could get Gary to come back. If this was the case then there was something else that needed to be done.

Gary would need to die, and if that really was the case then someone had to be up for the task. This whole time, instead of trying to save Gary like Harry and Ray would have done, Kyle was picturing himself killing Gary.

He tried to build up the image in his head of hurting one of those he felt close with.

'Gary is no longer alive, you are just killing another monster of the shadow.' Kyle said to himself.

"This is actually not the first time Avrion and the Alure kingdom have fought at the Lion's mouth." Sir K said. "When the shadow first came to attack, we knew that this would be a critical point for them. We wished to stop their advance, so at the time the Alure kingdom and the Avrion knights teamed up with the old kingdom that used to be.

"We tried our best to fight them off but they were stronger than we had expected and action had only sent little support. Returning back with the kingdom we had no choice but to retreat. After regathering a stronger force was sent to deal with them. However, this ended in a complete defeat for the kingdom. The castle had already been turned into a solid fortress." Sir K explained.

"Yes,'' Roy replied, "In fact I used to be from said kingdom. The kingdom excelled in the use of fire mages and they hoped they could rely on this power but when they returned, the castle and the gates had been cloaked in some strange substance making it impossible to light up in flames. Our main weapon was useless."

It wasn't Sir K's aim to dwindle the groups mood, but for them to know what to expect.

Soon that wouldn't be a problem for them anyway. The army was finally ascending up the slope, and after passing a little hump everyone could see what stood before them. A large fortress that had been carved into a mountain scene. The large black gates with arches stood there and the two mountains by either side only allowing for one direction for entry.

Seeing this, many of the soldiers instantly thought this was a mistake. They had fought other guilds, helped settle disputes in towns and such and some had even fought in wars before.

But here at the Lion's mouth, the terrain was very unfavourable for any attackers. Walking up this slope was a certain death trap for them. Many would imagine a rain of arrows and boulders being rolled their way, while magic fired down upon them. They certainly had the positioning.

"This is perfect." Lenny said out loud. "With that large mountain blocking their way, it means they have nowhere to run. We defeat them here and we get rid of them."

It certainly was an optimistic way of looking at things but it was the only hope they had. When the two armies were only a stone's throw away from each other they stopped progressing.

It was common before the war that each side sent out a messenger stating their terms, in the end both sides would want to avoid bloodshed if possible, and maybe just seeing the forces would cause one side to surrender peacefully. For the Redwings, Jack had volunteered himself.

He was confident that even if they chose to attack him, he could get out of there alive whereas he couldn't say the same for anyone else. He was given one of their few horses to ride.

He had now entered the archers range and at any point in time they could have attacked him, but had not thus far. The other side had come out sending their own messenger on horseback. Then the two of them finally met in the middle.

Both men looked impressive, the opponent had sent out a large man that was even taller than Jack, wearing thick heavy armour and a helmet with horns. On his back, he carried an axe as large as his own body.

But Jack didn't lack in the impressive department himself. He had muscles carved like a greek statue, something even with dedication and hard work one couldn't achieve. It was simply in his genes. He was a born fighter, the world had gifted him with talent to be used in fighting.

The two of them seemed to talk for a while and the Redwing members were getting fidgety. Van was looking up at the gates and could see the beast staring down at him. Any second now he was ready to get out the crystal and burn them all, it was important to get the first strike.

They waited and waited as seconds turned into minutes. It felt like torture for them as it felt like it had been hours. Eventually Jack started to return. Carefully, Sir K was watching the archers to see if they would strike him while his back was turned. He would do anything to protect his students.

However, there seemed to be no foul play and they had allowed Jack to return to safety.

'You're not going to believe this." Jack said. "But, they have said that they wish to surrender."

This was really something they couldn't believe, and it was an unexpected move on their part.

"Surrender?" Bliss said. "It has to be a trap." Was her first thought.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 482: The Dark Pit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The long awaited battle that they waited and trained for an entire year for suddenly wasn't going to happen. When they arrived, the enemy claimed they wished to surrender. For many of them it didn't make sense, but as Bliss checked what the date was, she realised that they had arrived a day earlier than the set date.

This only confirmed her suspicions and the reason for the attacks beforehand, they had arrived before whatever the Shadow wanted to do could be done. If they were to fight now, then they would win this war with the help of Van and his crystal.

"Did they state the reason why?" Sir K asked.

"Apparently Gary is waiting on orders from the Shadow inside." Jack replied. "He himself no longer wishes to fight, but because of Gary's position they will not take a direct order from him to surrender so he is waiting for a reply from the Shadow and those above him."

"Maybe Harry was able to convince him or something, get the real him to come back." Martha said with hope in her voice.

"I still think it's a trap." Bliss replied. "You can see how well prepared they are to fight even when we catch them off guard, and don't forget the attacks from before. If they wanted to surrender then why not just send someone out to us beforehand and tell us to stop?"

The group was silent for a while, until Sir K spoke once again.

"But are we meant to start a fight against people who are not willing?" Sir K said. "If we can leave this place, this battlefield without having spill blood on both sides then it will be a relief. A bigger victory than we ever imagined."

It was a tricky one, but the group needed to decide what their next plan of action was going to be.

Inside the fortress, underneath the castle itself, Harry, Monk and Gary were still very much in the middle of conversation. They had left the foregoing area and now we're heading to a completely different place while they continued to talk.

"By now I'm guessing the Redwings will have reached the fortress gates." Gary said. "And our side should be claiming surrender right about now."

"Surrender?" Harry replied. "Don't be an idiot. They are not fools; they will never believe such an obvious trap."

"You underestimate war and the kindness of Avrion's past. With you gone it will be Sir K leading them. Avrion knights have been taught not to go to war against those that aren't willing to fight. At the same time he will not want any of his own men to be hurt if it's not necessary. Besides, it doesn't matter if you believe the surrender or not, the goal is just to buy time.'

"Buy time, buy time for what?" Harry asked.

At the end of one of the underground tunnels, they seemed to have entered an area where it was void of any of the other workers. The three of them stood in front of a large strange door, with the same symbol Harry kept seeing since he got here. The strange eye on the clothing of the Dark guild members as well as certain items of great power.

Placing the hand with the Dragon gauntlet on the symbol, the gauntlet started to light up slightly and the door successfully opened. As soon as it did, the feeling of regret, sorrow, sadness, a mix of negative emotions had hit Harry.

Looking at the other two, Gary had a large grin on his face, but Monk also seemed to be affected by the strange feeling coming from inside.

"Come on, we are nearly there." Gary said.

Moving forward, the other two followed and eventually they were in a room with nothing but a large empty pit in the middle. When looking down into it, it was impossible to see how far or deep the hole went.

This was because there was a strange fog not too far into the pit that could be seen blocking the view of anything down there.

"There is a reason why this place was a number one priority for the Shadow to take over." Gary said. "Here is one of the few natural teleporters in the world. That links our world to His."

"To His?" Harry replied confused.

"Of course, I'm talking about where the Shadow originally comes from. In there we can connect to the shadow, feel his powers and he will give us more. This is the reason why we fight, it's the reason we will never lose this place to you.

"Harry, I want you to come down there with me." Gary requested.

"Go down there?" Harry pointed to the large abyss, "Are you crazy? You can go yourself you crazy fool!" He shouted. The sick feeling was still felt in his stomach and he wanted to do anything to get out of here.

There was no way he was going to go down in that pit with Gary.

"Have I not treated you nicely, Harry? You are not tied up like a prisoner. I have offered you strength and power, your life is in no danger. So why not just do this one little favour and trust me?" Gary asked.

"Trust, tell me lets build upon our trust. What do you plan to do down there? Why do you need to even go there?"

Instead of replying though, for the first time the look in Gary's eyes seemed completely lost. He was no longer in there with him.

Monk who was behind him started to back away slightly and appeared to be heading for the door, which seemed like a good choice at the moment. Looking at the door, Harry too felt the need to make a break for it.

As soon as he made a step through, Gary's gauntlet started to glow and slammed his fist into the ground. Chunks of the earth came up and started to levitate in the air around him.

By now, Monk was long gone and out of the door, but sadly for Harry it looked like all the attention was now on him.

"Harry, if you can't join me, then you need to die!"

Moving his fist, the rocks moved as well heading for Harry aiming to crush him.

With no weapon, all Harry could do was avoid them, and that he did. He ducked and weaved out of position for each of them, but soon he would realise that the gauntlet allowed him to have complete control of the rocks. It wasn't long after that it seemed like the rocks were coming back.

In total there were five large pieces which were now circling around Harry.

'How am I meant to get out of this one?' He thought.

One of them came at him and Harry narrowly avoided it by bending sidewards, but then he was hit by another rock on the leg, causing him to stumble down onto one of his knees. Another rock came at him and had hit him across the face this time.

'If only I had a weapon I could use, anything!' Harry thought, but there was nothing on him or around him and before he knew it, he felt his body being lifted into the air.

Gary had Harry in his hands by the throat, using the dragon gauntlet to lift him above his head.

"If you wanted to find out why I wanted to go into the pit so much, then why didn't you just say yes to coming with me?" Gary asked. "Now it's such a shame because if you don't come with me, then it means you will have to die."

The grip around Harry's neck got tighter, it felt as if Gary really wanted to kill him he could at any second by crushing his throat. Instead, he chose to make Harry suffer by slowly suffocating him.

His vision was slowly fading, and now he felt like he was starting to see things. Another presence had entered the room, and when his eyesight came back for a brief second, he opened his eyes and he could see something red.

It looked like hair, but it was red and long and was someone's hair he had never seen before. That's when Harry noticed that it was a man, but there weren't many people he knew who had red hair. From behind he couldn't tell who it was, nor could he recognise the person's size and hairstyle.

"You want someone to go into the pit with you?" A voice said. Gary's grip on Harry's throat was broken off with a strong punch from the stranger and Harry could finally breathe again as he dropped to the floor.

"Then me and you can go down there together dear friend. If this links me to him, then let's defeat him together."

Grabbing onto Gary, the red haired man suddenly jumped into the pit before falling in the strange man said one thing,

"Thank you for looking after the Redwings."

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 483: The Real Gary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Harry was dumbfounded about what had just happened. A few seconds ago it felt like he was about to die at the hands of someone he trusted and used to call a friend. There was no way out and he was unsure if he would live to see another day.

But then, at the last second, an unknown stranger had come to help him, or at least that's what he first thought. Slowly he started to put things together. The red hair, the voice, and when he looked into the pit for a brief second, he saw the man's facial features.

'Was that Ray?' Harry thought.

His heart started to beat faster at the excitement that Ray was alive, but why did he look so different? His hair had grown in length significantly and his face, although it looked like Ray, looked as if he was a middle aged man. Harry had seen him at the all kingdom tournament only a month or so ago, he couldn't have aged that quickly.

However, there were a few times when he saw Ray's figure change like so, and each time he would come back stronger with a new strength. The happiness and excitement in Harry soon dwindled down as he noticed the two of them had fallen into the pit together.

Even just peaking over the edge, Harry could feel the horror and darkness seeping out from it. If he got any closer he would fear he would go mad, perhaps just like Monk and Gary. Any thoughts he had of possibly going after them were gone at this point, but there was something else he needed to do.

He needed to warn the Redwing army, to let them know that the surrender was only to buy time. Bliss was right and they needed to act now.

But it would be a giant task, to get out from the centre of their forces without being seen, but it needed to be done.

As the two of them continued falling, Ray hadn't let go of Gary for a second and pulled him in.

"Gary, were you really going to kill him, what happened to you!" Ray shouted.

A strange laughter started to emanate from Gary.

"I knew you would turn up, Ray." Gary said. "And what happened to me? More like what happened to you. Before when I looked at you I could see it, you had a deep hatred for this whole world but now your eyes tell a different story. You are not the Ray I used to call my friend!" Using the Dragon gauntlets, a strange energy appeared and as if a small shock wave was created, Ray was pushed off and away from Gary.

Using fire blast from his hands, Ray was able to move around freely, going from area to area, and each time he would hit Gary before he could even react, punching him here and there.

Gary tried to blast him with the strange force transmitting from his gauntlet, but Ray was too fast and he was unable to keep up with him.

"You have gotten stronger in this past year I see."

"I haven't gotten stronger." Ray replied. "I have just regained some power that at one point was lost to me."?Opening up his hand, a strange force was felt and Gary even though in the air could feel himself being pulled forward to Ray like a magnet.

"Skill Attract!"

Feeling something pulling him forward, he lifted his gauntlet hand, the only thing he could rely on at this point. He started to fire the strange force at Ray, but lifting his other arm, Ray was able to activate his gauntlet's skill, creating a shield from his gauntlets and blocked everyone of the attacks.

Finally, Gary was now within grabbing distance again and he held on tightly to his shirt, he pulled Ray's face right close up to his own.

"You have grown weak, relying on the power of that Gauntlet. You would have been far stronger if you practiced the swordsmanship you were gifted with!" Ray shouted.

"Non-" Before Gary could even reply back, his body had slammed into the ground, with such force that the area around him was destroyed with it. His eyes started to wither and it looked as if he had passed out.

This had come to a surprise even to Ray. While the two of them were falling, the fog was so thick, it was nearly impossible for them both to see where they were.

Ray, seeing Gary get hurt in the brief second, had raised his body with Ki so he was able to receive next to no damage from hitting the ground. On top of that, his body was beyond what would be called human by now. Even if he didn't enforce it with any Ki, he would have survived.

The fog was still thick and even Ray was finding it hard to see where to go through this mess. When using his dragon eyes, everything seemed to be a part of the shadow, making it impossible to see Gary who was directly in front of him.

After a few moments, it looked as if Gary had come to. He slowly lifted himself off the floor to find Ray standing above him.

"Tell me why I shouldn't kill you, Gary. Just like you were about to kill Harry."

"Wait, Ray it's me!" Gary pleaded. "We don't have much time and I can't explain it, but when you knocked me out, it seems to have suppressed the demon. He seems to have gone to sleep but he could wake up at any moment."

It was hard for Ray to tell if this was all an act or the truth, but deep down Ray wanted to save Gary and bring him back from the Shadow. He felt partly to blame for Gary being possessed in the first place. When they were younger, his life had been saved by Gary, if it weren't for him he wouldn't be here today.

"While you're not trying to kill me, let me explain." Gary pleaded. "A strong powerful beast, originally from this shadow world was unleashed under Avrion during the time we were students. Back then that was what had killed the Dark guild members and the rest of the beasts. It was also what was going around the Avrion area eating every beast in existence.

"This gauntlet that I have Gary, holds many powers but the main one is to control the beast. I'm not proud of what I have done, but I couldn't help myself, the demon ordered it and controlled the beast. When we eventually returned here, using the last bit of my will I controlled the beast forcing it to go back into the pit and hopefully stay there forever.

"This whole time, I would allow the demon to control my body, but I would never let him go back to this pit to summon it out again. Slowly the Demon knew it would take over me though, and it plans to summon it back out again to take care of the Redwing army.

"The seal on the beast is weak and will only last a year at most. I must redo the seal again while I still have control. Otherwise it will be let out. Please Ray, if you don't believe me then come with me. Help me, and if the seal breaks or the demon tries something then kill me or fight the beast with me."

Again, it was hard for Ray to tell if this was the truth. He tried looking around and could sense no such thing. If he tried to find this seal, or where the beast would be summoned from in this fog he could do nothing. He would have to rely on Gary for that.

"Fine." Ray said and nothing else.

He allowed Gary to get up from the floor, and the two of them continued to travel through the heavy fog. The gauntlet was still glowing, but Gary reassured him that it was him and not the demon using it. He needed to navigate where they were going in the fog.

Eventually, they had come to a strange podium, and beneath it a magical circle had been drawn.

"This is the place, Ray just in case, you should stand outside of the circle. Maybe the demon is just pretending to sleep and will do something. If I feel him trying to take over, I will shout out to you and then you break the circle." Gary said. He sounded sane, and sounded nothing like the demon man before.

Ray wanted to believe it was Gary and he was telling the truth. He stood in front of the podium and placed his gauntlet on top of it.

Slowly it started to light up, and then a smile appeared on his face.

"You are not the man I thought you were, to be fooled by that pathetic act!" Gary said.

Soon the light underneath lit up, and something appeared from the ground, forming the large magical circle. The light had blinded Ray temporarily. When he could eventually see again, he could see Gary standing on top of the creature's body.

"Behold!" Gary said with his arms lifted. "The greatest enemy of mankind, a creature that even the Gods of this world feared. With this, the Redwing Army will be defeated, for I have a Dragon!"

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 484: Not a Dragon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After being near enough strangled to death, Harry no longer had hope that Gary, or Monk for that matter, were able to be swayed back over to their side. It was too risky and they were both adamant, too infected or influenced by the Shadow to care about the lives of their past friends.

Having left the room where the large pit was, Harry immediately felt a lot better. The Shadow and deep sick feeling he felt in his stomach had disappeared and the further he walked away from it the better he felt.

Right now, Harry was on a mission - to return to the Redwings and inform them of the fake surrender. A big weight was now on his shoulders.

'Wait they didn't tie me up when I got down here, so maybe they don't think I'm a prisoner, as long as I don't act suspicious I should be okay.' Harry thought.

In addition to looking inconspicuous, there were certain people he wished to avoid, Monk being one of them since he knew what had happened.

Walking through the tunnels and back through the main area, it looked like his plan had worked. He passed a few people on the way and none of them had questioned him. And those that did notice him from before didn't think he was a prisoner.

"Prepare for war any second now. With our new weapon we shall fight the Redwing army, and show that they are no match for us!" A voice could be heard coming down from one of the tunnels..

Harry recognised it well, and wished to avoid that path. It sounded like Monk was rallying up the troops. He had already scurried out of the room before Ray had arrived so he had no idea that Harry was possibly alive.

"Let's try to find another way." Harry said.

"Another way huh? And why would you need to do that?" A voice said from behind.

When Harry turned, he could see one of the only familiar faces he knew down here. It was one of the Dark Guild leaders, Mukdad, the man who had brought him here.

Harry gulped, worried he had been caught and what he was to do now.

"Here." Mukdad said, holding out two long items under a cloth and handing it to him. Nearly in an instant Harry recognised what they were. They were his two swords that he thought was lost in the snow.

"If you want to get out of here, take that tunnel over there and then the second one on the left. You should see some people starting to head to the surface from there. Just follow them and you will be fine." Mukdad said.

Taking the swords, Harry was a little hesitant. It could be a trap, but if so then Mukdad could have just killed him while he had no weapons, he wouldn't give him his old weapons to make it harder on himself.

"Why are you helping me?" Harry asked, taking the weapons.

"Maybe it's because I no longer believe in what we are doing, maybe it's because I think you're a good kid. Or that I don't like our current leader. He is far too connected to the Shadow, unlike our own Morfran.

Harry wanted to chuckle, to him, Morfran the Dark guild leader and the Shadow were just as bad. In the end Morfran was part of the shadow guard that worked and protected the Shadow but he stopped himself from saying anything to his unlikely saviour.

"Thank you." Harry replied, taking off. "I promise I will return the favour."

Before the beast had even been summoned and the light started to shine, the first thing Ray had noticed was a terrible stench had filled the room. It was as if something had been left to rot on a hot muggy day, the smell of something dead.

When Ray looked up at the beast, although Gary claimed it to be a dragon, this was no dragon Ray had ever seen before. It was holding a piece of its body together with shadow, wriggling around like it was a worm. The rest of its shape did resemble that of a dragon with its wings and the many spiked scales running down its back and tail. But looking at it, Ray almost felt like he was looking at death.

"What have you done!" Ray shouted in anger.

"Are you frightened, Ray? An ancient beast that hasn't been seen on this land in so many years has finally returned. At last the dragon can get its revenge for all the humans that killed it."

Ray looked into it's purple dark eyes. He didn't feel scared but instead he felt sorry. It was as if Gary had forcefully awakened a dragon from its slumber and forced it to fight for him even though it had passed on.

This was no dragon, at least not what Ray knew as a dragon. He started to look at it closer and noticed its scales were black in colour, quite rare for a dragon.

Suddenly, his head started to ring, he knelt down on one knee as he tried to stop the pain and images started to appear. The images in his head kept flickering between the two. It was the dragon settlement in the valleys, a hidden area away from the humans.

All of them looked so peaceful, but the next image was of all the Dragons dead. The exact events of what happened that day were unclear to Ray as it was so long ago. But he remembered that day, because after the dragon settlement was destroyed, that was the day Ray sought his revenge on all humans.

'Why am I seeing this now?' Ray thought.

When the image returned to the settlement before it was destroyed, he noticed a single lonely looking dragon. One that was black in colour, but he was merely a child compared to Ray.

The images had stopped appearing in Ray's head and so did the ringing. He didn't know why but looking at this black dragon had reminded him of that day once again. Right now, he had another matter to deal with. What happened to the settlement back then, his people and family, he wouldn't let that happen to his new home now.

"Gary I can't believe you've gone so low to lie to me like that." Ray said.

"Did it really come as that much of a surprise? You see Ray, why do you think this hero has the name Dragon in it? It was never because it was made of Dragon parts, it's because it has the power of dragons. These weapons were originally created by the humans and the dwarves for the gods to hunt the dragons and even the Divine being was in on it. The one you serve.

"You see, the gods felt like they were at the top of this world. Stronger than anything else but there was one being's power they feared more than anything and that was the dragons. So they gathered together to form a plan to get rid of them all. After all, the gods were actually considered weaker than the dragons, so they had to get the help of the humans by spreading lies and rumors of the dragon's evil deeds to them. In the end the dragon weapons were created and this is one of them.

"Oh how I would love to see the look on the Divine beings face, when she notices the very thing she created to get rid of the dragons is now being used against them."

Was it true, Ray thought. He always got the feeling that the Divine being was hiding something from her story. She seemed to try to link the Shadow as the reasons the dragons got killed. The Shadow after all only appeared once all the dragons had died.

But what if it wasn't the Shadow, if the gods really had gotten together to try get rid of the dragons? Something wasn't adding up in either of their stories because if they were true, what was the shadow? Was it not just some other god?

And how did Gary know all of this information, was it whatever was trapped inside the dragon hammer, or was it the shadow itself speaking to him telling him all of this?

"I can see you are nothing and there are no friends, Ray. Everyone around you has been lying to you. I am the only one who has been honest. Don't get in my way and let me finish them off for you." Gary said.

The dragon flapped its wings and started to hover in the air. It flew right past him and started to look upwards out of the pit, all while Ray stood there doing nothing. Ray was conflicted, unsure of what to do at this point in time.

Who to believe? Everyone was lying to him, or it certainly seemed that way.

Then, seemingly out of nowhere, a figure from the fog appeared, it started to walk towards Ray and he could finally see who it was. On his black chest piece he had the symbol of the eye.. The two of them had met before and had even fought to the death.

It was the dark guild leader. "Morfran, what do you want?" Ray asked.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 485: The fake surrender
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Standing just outside of the Lion's mouth Fortress. The Redwing army stayed there silent as they could see the evening sky start to arrive. The dark sky started to come out, and they had been standing there for a while. Soon the soldiers on the fortress walls started to gather their torches and lighting crystals and the Redwing army had done the same.

A request had been made to talk to their leader, their hope was that they were to meet with Gary. Instead, another man had arrived, one that they were familiar with as well. It was Monk. They wanted to talk and find out whether this surrender was real and Sir K had asked to discuss this matter with them.

Although they had agreed, Monk refused to see anyone but his old teammates. Martha, Kyle and Jack were the only ones allowed to meet. They decided they were to meet at the fortress walls and that they did.

Monk had come down from above and walked out to meet the three. They could see that the Dark guild members seemed to respect him greatly.

'Has he become a leader, something similar to Gary?' Martha dreaded thinking about this.

Above them, there were many archers pointing their arrows, and just through the gates, they could see beasts. If an attack were to happen, it would be very unfavourable to the three of them, but they hoped they could convince or learn more about this so-called surrender.

When Kyle looked Monk in the eye, all he could see was cold eyes and a hard face. This wasn't the look of someone who was ready to surrender. This was the look that someone had when they were ready to go into war and fight.

It was clear to Kyle now that the whole thing was an act.

The three watched Monk carefully, how he walked upright, how he conducted himself. He was still a small person, but he felt really big, and they were wondering if this was the same Monk they knew back then.

Martha was hurt most by this. She looked saddened and wasn't impressed at all. Too stunned to even say anything to him.

Sniffing the air, and trying to get a peek. Jack was trying to find out if there were any signs of Harry. They were sure he had taken him and was one of the reasons why they continued to march forward. He couldn't find anything, and out of anger, Jack looked at Monk.

"So you now work as a little pawn for the Dark guild. I see you have made it big here." Jack said. "I wonder what made you give up and go to the other side, betraying your friends..and loved ones."

Monk smiled back and wasn't angered by Jack's words at all.

"It feels really good to be on this side," Monk replied. "Here I am free to do as I wish, here people listen to me, and more importantly I'm on the winning side."

"I want you to surrender Monk." Martha suddenly said. "And I mean actually surrender."

"She's right, this act isn't fooling anyone, and the only reason why we came is because we don't want to see blood split on either side," Kyle said.

"What if I do want to see blood spilt?" Monk replied coldly. "No one ever cared to think about what I want?"

"This is useless!" Kyle complained. "Just tell us, are you going to really surrender or are we going to have to storm in here and teach you all a lesson."

Jack and Martha didn't like how aggressive Kyle was. For this whole trip, he had been a little more aggressive than usual. They thought that maybe it was just due to Kyle talking to someone he cared about a lot. Both Monk and Gary were former Black sash knights after all.

Monk glanced at his men, and then let out a big sigh. "Unfortunately, what I want and what Gary wants are two different things. Gary actually doesn't wish to see blood just like you guys. I don't understand him, but I do serve him so I must listen.

"We agree to surrender, but there are some conditions, of course, if you can't complete these conditions, then the fight will begin. Immediately."'

"We will hear them." Martha quickly said before Kyle would say something inappropriate again.

"The soldiers are scared that they might be harmed, while retreating with the weapons in their arms. You see they have family inside. What we suggest is, you allow the soldiers to leave this outer fortress and they shall leave their weapons in the castle. Then we will return back outside.

"While heading into the castle, we hope that the Redwing army will be saintly enough to not harm us. So just in case, allow them to carry their weapons until they are inside."

"What if it's a trap?" Jack asked.

"We would be giving up our advantage. Our position on the fortress walls and to attack you from a height advantage. If we were planning something inside the castle, we would have stayed in there while you stormed through our gates. Use your brain, Jack." Monk said in a snarky voice.

"And the second condition?" Martha asked.

"For the punishment against the Dark guild members to be a light one. We don't wish for death. We understand we are enemies, but if we were to be sentenced to death, then we might as well fight with our lives on the line here."

The three of them looked at each other and started to whisper until they eventually came to a conclusion.

"What you have suggested sounds fair," Kyle said. "But when you return to the castle, you have one hour to drop your weapons and come out showing you are unharmed. Otherwise, we will storm the gates and there will be a fight. Whether you're armed or not."

"Excellent," Monk said.

With that, the supposed surrender was in play. The three of them were able to return to the Redwings, and they had explained the conditions and request. A short time after, they could see that the gates of the fortress were being opened, and the men and women were really retreating back inside of the castle.

"This seems a little unreal," Katy said, the nerves in her body were starting to leave her, seeing the army retreat. "After preparing for so long, our battle, it ends like this. '

"I would be careful," Kyle said. "I still think it's a trap. It shouldn't be this easy."

Bliss couldn't agree more, as she had a sick feeling something was about to happen.

"You hold onto that crystal tightly young boy," Lenny said to Van.

The gates were being slowly pulled open and then just when it was barely open. Suddenly, a loud bang was made, and the men fell on their backsides. A large dent had been made in the black material wall.

"This is not good, that wall is as hard as galthreium itself," Bliss said.

It was different in colour, but that was to make the castle walls and fortress gate immune to fire. It was still just as strong.

"Is it a beast?"

The Dark guild members who were trying to open the gate form the outside just seconds ago, even they were in a panic as they started running around getting out of the way.

A few more bangs against the door were made, and the dent only got larger and larger.

"Prepare your weapons!" Sir K shouted. It seemed like the short relief they had would only last a few seconds.

Finally, one loud bang was made, and the doors were burst apart and had been sent flying as something large and bulky had slammed through them. The gates had been struck with such force that the men standing behind the doors were sent tumbling all the way down the slope that a few of them had even crashed into where the Redwing army was standing.

It was Dark out, and it was hard for them to make out what the figure was, but as the Dark guild members got close. Their torches revealed the scales on its body. The large tail and spikes running down it's back and its large wings on its back.

With a couple of flaps, those that were still close to the thing fell over, and the torches lights were put out by the wind. The creature flew up and rose into the sky. Its large serpent body could be seen as the moonlight shone against it's back.

"A Dragon!" Jack shouted.

"How….." Bliss said in shock. "How can this be…"

Swooping down from the sky, not discriminating between the Dark guild members or Redwing members, the Dragon was ready to kill any living human it could see.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 486: Battle In the fog
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Swooping down, the black shadowy dragon was moving at such a speed and with the night sky out, it is hard to see or follow what it was doing. However, cries and screams from both the Dark guild members and the Red wing's were heard as the dragon could be seen swooping in the air again, attacking its victims.

Then, repeating this process it swooped down at the men below, this time aiming for those closest to the gates. As it went past, out from it's scales strange small barbed wires came shooting out made from shadows that would pierce the soldiers.

It had ripped through whatever armour they were wearing and when the stinger had touched their skin, their bodies started to go limp, no longer moving.

"It seems to be a type of poison." Bliss said, noting a strange foam appearing in their mouths.

Hovering slightly off from the ground, bodies could be seen attached to the stingers that came from the sides of its body.

Seeing such a terrifying beast and not knowing whose side it was on. The Dark guild members started to fiee. They headed back through the gates towards the castle. Those that were on the walls had to try to climb down with ropes and ladders, while others jumped off for fear the dragon would take them before they reached the bottom.

As for the Shadow beasts, they seemed to be the only ones that were taking advantage of the whole mess. They only had one goal and that was the Redwing army. They climbed, jumped and stormed right through their own men not letting anything slow them down.

"Everyone, ready your weapons! Focus on the enemy in front of us!" Sir K shouted.

"We will have to try to do something about that Dragon." Lenny said, to Van, who was shaking riddled with fear. The crystal held in his hand tight.

"No time for holding back!" Jack said, transforming and running in head first as a werewolf.

******

Out from the fog, Ray could see Morfran the Dark guild leader standing there in silence. He hadn't said a word as if he was waiting for Ray to make the first move or to say something.

It had been a long time since they met face to face, the last two times, one being in the arena, and another underground in the tunnels beneath Avrion. A man who had the power of lightning, one of the most powerful abilities for mages to have.

Although back then Ray was able to do something against him, with the improvements he made now, he wondered if he even needed to be cautious of this man any longer.

"I can't say I'm surprised that you ended up down here." Morfran finally said. "Ever since the day when you kids ruined my plans, I knew for some reason it wasn't normal. That something or someone was behind it. I can see it now, you're the same person who stopped me at the arena that time. No I can feel it, you know why.

"Because down here, in the shadow's domain I am being surged with extra power, more than before. So if you had any ideas of comparing me to what I was once before. I am nothing like before when I am in here."

"Who even are you?" Ray said. "You are not the one I want. You are less than a pebble. There are people waiting for me up there."

"You think I'm lying!" Morfran shouted in anger. "I can tell, you can feel the power while we are in the realm. Just surrender and work under us."

"All this time, you have been following the Shadows orders. Does the shadow really want me over to their side that bad?" Ray said.

For a second Morfran paused, as if Ray had figured something out. Had the future changed because of Ray. Had Bliss actually succeeded in changing the future and the Shadow knew this. Maybe that was why they were trying so hard to get him to come over to their side rather than just outright kill him.

Not wanting to waste anymore time with this nobody. Ray started to move, but the second he did a lightning bolt was shot out only a few inches by his foot.

Ray quickly swirled around, and fired his own lighting power, and Morfran had done the same. As they both collided not one was stronger than the other.

"But how, my powers should be stronger here." Morfran said shocked.

"I don't have much points in lighting so the attacks are weak but you will change that for me."

Morfran tried to move, he tried to turn into lightning to get away. It was something he always relied upon. The ability to move at the speed of a lightning bolt but when he looked down, he realised his feet were completely frozen.

He zapped his own feet with his lighting hoping to break the ice and although chunks had fallen off, the ice was just reforming, and Ray made his way slowly towards Morfran.

Now, his whole body was shaking as he saw the person coming towards him.

"I'm still weak." Ray said. "But you're just weaker." Placing his hand on his head, the skill mana eater was activated and the rare lightning attribute points were being added to himself.

"ARGHHH!" He screamed in pain.

[+50 points in lighting attribute]

With one person alone, his lighting now had become his second biggest attribute which just went to show how strong Morfran's lighting abilities truly were.

The energy felt like it was being drained out of him, and as a last ditch effort, he held both his hands together, and a large strange circle was being made between Ray's chest and Morfran's two hands.

"Goodbye!" Morfran said, and the blow blasted him away from Ray. It had hit his chest and sent Morfran back flying through the fog. Eventually, the lightning stopped and there was a mark on Ray's bare body.

The attack had gone through the armour and his skin looked a little raw and red, but he himself was fine. He touched his skin slightly, and felt a slight tingle but it was nothing to worry about.

It was useless to see if Morfran was to return as his dragon eyes wouldn't let him see through the fog. Judging by the fact that he hadn't returned by now, he was either too weak to do anything, or he knew better to go against Ray with his current strength.

Going through the shadows, strange noises were heard. They sounded like those he knew. People form the academy and even Amy's voice was heard. But he knew that they had to be all illusions from the fog. There was no way they would be here.

Eventually, the sounds whispers and voices turned to visions. He could see his parents from when he was younger. He saw images of the times he had spent with Amy.

"Please Ray, why did you let me die."

"You can't save anyone."

The happy images soon turned dark, as he could see some of them melt or burn away. Powering through them he was wondering if he was going the right way.

Then the visions started to lessen, and when they did he found himself back at the podium where the dragon was first summoned.

He attempted to travel through the fog again and the voices turned into visions and that's when he realised something. When heading in a certain direction the visions got worse. Naturally Ray's mind was leading him to move in the way where he would avoid the visions and sounds.

But that wasn't it, the more visions Ray was experiencing, the closer he was to getting out of here.

He carried on powering through, ignoring every single one of them.

"I have seen far more deaths then this in the real world. I know that if I don't do something, then there will just be more death and pain like this, and I won't be the only ones that have to deal with them."

Eventually Ray had hit a solid wall. It was the wall of the pit itself. He looked up and the fog seemed to still be blocking most of his view.

"How long will it take me to get up there?"

He was unsure, but he remembered the fall with Gary was a long one Still with no wings of his own he only had one choice. To climb the side of the pit with his bare hands.

Grabbing onto the rock, and pulling himself upward, he started to scale the wall, but it wasn't slow, he was in a rush.

"Don't die, or I'll kill you myself!" Ray shouted, at the top of his lungs hoping the others outside would hear.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 487: The white light
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It had taken a long time, and Ray honestly didn't know how long he had been scaling the wall for. That too with his bare hands. Every step of the way, he was only focused on one thing.

'Faster, quicker, I need to get to the top.' He thought to himself.

He didn't protect these people, train them up all for this long to have them all killed. If he was by their side and tried helping them, then fair enough. But he couldn't not be there again. Last time, the same thing happened.

The humans had attacked the Dragon encampment while he was away, and now it felt like history was just repeating itself. He couldn't do anything as a dragon, and it looked like he wasn't going to be able to do anything as a human either, but finally, he pulled himself out of the pit and had made it.

Rushing off and heading out of the room, he had entered the tunnel. From here alone he could see bodies of dead Dark guild members along the walls. Then his eyes met on an unexpected person. It was Gary.

He spotted him slumped up against the wall. Ray quickly hurried to where he was and kneeled down by him. The impressive and strong armour that had on, which had to be at least at the Emperor tier was split open.

Placing his hand on the ground, Ray noticed that it was incredibly wet, lifting it up his hand was now red.

'Blood?'

Gary was in a pool of his own blood.

Despite everything the two of them had been through, and what Gary had done, for some reason, Ray's heart started to ache at the sight of his fallen friend.

"What happened?" Ray asked.

Gary tried his best to look at Ray, but his eyes said it all. He was in immense pain.

"Of course I would see you before my death," Gary replied. "It was the Dragon. I couldn't control it, Ray. When it came out, it started to attack me and some of the soldiers. What about you, since you're out here, I don't think Morfran managed to deal with you.'

"He's either dead or wishes to not fight me," Ray replied.

"Well, nows your chance Ray, if you kill me here, it will be a big blow to the shadow."

Hearing those words, Ray was a little saddened. Even in this state now he was speaking words that Gary would have ever spoken before being infected by the Hammer. Had it already taken over his mind?

"You know, I never planned to kill you. You were one of the first off my list. I planned to kill a lot of people but not you." Ray said.

Gary couldn't; help but chuckle, and as he did, he felt the pain run through his body.

"I guess I should be happy about that."

"The Dragon, do you know how to send it back, or how to get rid of it?" Ray asked.

"Ray, I don't want you to die either. Just stay in here. The Dragon is too powerful. What I said about the gods being afraid of it. It's true, I didn't lie. Maybe if all the humans banded together like they did in the past, but there is no chance."

"Yes, you're right," Ray replied. "Dragons are strong, and no human can defeat one. For a person to bet a dragon. Then another Dragon is needed; it is simple."

Letting out an immense groan, Gary stood and rose to his feet. His body was swaying for a moment, and the stones on the gauntlet started to glow. It seemed like it was somehow healing him.

Ray didn't like this, he was relying on the power of the shadow after all.

"Ray, you are staying here. When I was still in control of the Dragon, I gave it an order. To kill every member of the Redwings. As you are their leader, that includes you."

Ray looked at the bodies around the two of them that were on the floor, the ones of the Dark guild members.

"Clearly it's not following your orders, it's killing all humans. I will deal with this."

Ray started to walk towards the end of the tunnel, when right by his foot the ground exploded suddenly.

"Didn't you hear me, Ray? You're not going anywhere."

******

The first wave of shadow beast came at them, but equally, to meet them and give confidence to the Redwing army, Jack had gone out transforming and so did the others. Climbing on top of a Jackel beast, in his transformed state. Jack placed both of his hands in the jaw of one of the beasts and ripped it apart in two halfs.

"Wer werl wird wthis war!" Jack growled out, but no one seemed to understand him.

"We will win this war!" Kyle shouted, translating for him. "Don't attack the Werewolves. I know they look like crazy beasts but they're on our side!"

The Redwing knights held their ground fighting strongly. With the Black guild members, attention focused on the Dragon. The fight felt more like a large scale beast hunt rather than a war, which they found a lot easier.

However, soon more beasts would join in on the fight. Mintours were coming out from the gates covered in shadow, and a few old foes they had seen before, including the slime Snake's that gave them so much trouble in the past.

There would be no Wyvern to save them out here like there was at Avrion they were on their own.

A lot of the beast seemed to hiss out some type of strange poison, As soon as it hit the front row of the redwing members, some of them seemed to go slightly mad, swinging as if they had gone blind.

Soon though, with the guidance of Roy and a few others they started aiming for these poison shots from the beast, Shooting out fireballs and energy blasts while they were mid-air. As long as they hit them before they reached the soldiers, then it would show little effect.

However, it wasn't all good news. The enemies that proved the most difficult were the minters, some had elemental abilities and had sheer brute strength, One had stormed in lifting a Red wing member in the air and had strangled him to death in front of everyone.

It sent fear running down many of the men's spine. Knowing that death could be upon any of them at any second.

"Don't give up!" Katy shouted. "Keep fighting. If we don't fight them, then who will. Think if they reached the gates of Avrion, think if they were to hold your family like that. We are fighting for them!"

"Boy you need to act now!" Lenny said.

A lot of the stronger forces, such as the beast team, and Dragon knights were left to protect Van and Bliss. It was hard for them to remain where they were when they could see all others the battlefield places that they could have provided support to help.

But they knew how important Van and Bliss could be to winning this whole war.

"Use the stone and kill that Dragon. It's infected by the shadow so it should work."

Fumbling to reach for the stone in his pouch. Van held the white stone in his hands. He concentrated his energy, and white beam of lights would come out firing at the Dragon. He was unsure if even the white stone or his powers would have an effect but he needed to try. However, he wouldn't even know if it did have an effect or not.

For the Dragon would be moving too fast and all over the place for him to even hit the Dragon. It was a strange sight to see. Dark guild members, and redwing members were working together to try to fight off and fend off against the Dragon.

Watching the dragon act, while Van felt like he could do nothing was bringing a pain to his heart. Wherever the Dragon would go, whatever area of the battlefield it would leave a group of dead bodies behind.

"Ahhh just hit, please kill the dragon!" Van cried, letting out more beams of white lite.

While he was so focused on the dragon, Van was unaware of the forces that were trying to grab hold of the stone. A bird like creatures had joined on the battlefield and one had swooped down hoping to grab the crystal, but before it could reach it was blasted away.

"Hold that crystal as if it is your heart," Bliss said.

Groups would break through the Redwing army surrounding them, coming in, but only to be met by, Dan, Sloth and Badger, as well as others doing what they could do to keep everyone off him.

"Van what are you doing!" Dan shouted as he knocked an ugly looking hound out of the way. "Hurry up and kill that dragon.'

"I know, I'm trying!" Van shouted, but more and more dead bodies were just piling up on the battlefield.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 488: Get rid of the Dragon!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Van!, Van!, Van!"

Constantly while out on the battlefield he could hear his name being called out. More and more were starting to die and more people were asking him to do something about it, but what else could he do?

He was firing energy from the white stone as much as he could, but with the dragon moving the way it did, he couldn't do much. He was just as frustrated as everyone else around him. Then he realised something, due to the dragon knights being around him, his movement was limited.

He could only move so much to try and get a clear shot of the dragon, and with the knights fighting the beasts, they were unable to respond or move quick enough. Trying his best to at least do something, Van climbed down from his horse and started to walk about on foot.

He continued to fire the white light, trying to predict where the dragon would be, and trying to guide it to a certain direction, then he could see it, a chance, a perfect shot on the dragon itself. He pushed through his own dragon knights, and held out the crystal in his hand in desperation. It started to light up as it was ready to fire.

At that moment, a hound beast had leapt through the air, and grabbed the white stone holding it in its mouth. When it landed in the snow, it fled as fast as it could leaving a shadowy smoke behind.

"Everyone!" Van Cried at the top of his lungs. "They've taken the stone!"

Turning around, Sir K went to look behind him, but he couldn't see the prince, instead, the prince had Broken out of the Dragon knight circle made to protect him and Bliss. They had been too busy to keep an eye on him and didn't notice when he had broken out.

"You fool, there's a reason why the dragon knights were formed in the first place!" Dan shouted.

"Jack!" Kyle shouted, hoping to get his attention as he was the fastest one out of all of them, especially in his beast form, but him and the other werewolves seemed to be deep in the beast side, causing the most damage to the posing army.

Honestly, it was only because of them that the Red Wing army wasn't completely getting overwhelmed at the moment.

Martha, who was transformed in her Harpy states as keeping an eye on it from above, but vulture lie beasts were keeping her busy, and occupied in the sky, so Kyle had no choice but to head himself.

Using his Black sash foot work, he was able to navigate through the battlefield smoother then the others, avoiding conflict wherever he saw was possible. While on his way, someone managed to slay the hound, leaving a strike with its blade but the crystal was hit and knocked upwards, only to be grabbed and held by one of the Minotaurs.

The second the Minotaur had grabbed hold of it, he too started running, it was clear that they were being controlled by orders from the shadow. They knew what power the white stone held, which just proved that Van was needed in this war greatly, but he was pretty much useless without the stone.

However, something unexpected occurred , as the Minotaur took a few steps, the Dragon had swooped down near it, and one of its stingers from the side, had implied it right through the temple, it was almost dead in an instant. When the dragon started to rise against the minotaur, it fell off the stinger and back into the snow with the stone still held in its hand.

Once again, another minotaur could see the crystal. It opened its hand and placed the crystal on top of a near flat rock where there was solid ground. Lifting up its large club in its hand it was ready to smash it into pieces.

Closing his eyes, Van felt like the hope of the Redwing army would die as the club went down. When it did, the club suddenly was split in half and fell into the snow. Soon after, its head followed falling in the snow as well.

"I think I made it." Harry said.

With all the chaos going on from the dragon, it wasn't very hard for Harry to escape from the castle and make his way here, and it looks like he had arrived just in time to save the crystal. Picking up the stone with his bare hands, it seemed to catch something's attention.

A loud roaring sound was heard, and when Harry turned around he could see the dragon was heading straight for him. A stinger from the dragon. Was ready to pierce him but it was moving too fast.

However, before the stinger could reach him, Harry saw a beast like creature had gotten in between. It was one they knew well.

"Jack!" Harry shouted, but the stinger drove right through his chest piercing him, before the dragon rose up again. As the poison entered his body, his transformation started to end, and he was returning to his human form.

He looked groggy and hurt as the poison started to take over, before he had lost all of his powers, with his arm still in its beast form, he grabbed the crystal form Harry and threw it towards the prince.

"Kill that damn dragon!" Jack shouted.

The werewolves had moved over too where Jack was, and they would protect him with everything they had. Their loyalty wasn't with the people but with Jack.

It was a tough catch for Van, but it didn't matter, for while it was in the air, Martha grabbed hold of It, and as she went by with her harpy wings and handed it over to the prince.

"You have to do this." She said.

Van clutched the white stone with a firm grip. He had a new determination to fulfil his duty. He wouldn't leave the dragon knights this time that were there to protect him and would get rid of the beast.

Then, a deep shadow was casted over them. When looking upward, they could no longer see the sky. For the dragon had honed in on them in particular.

"Protect him!" Bliss shouted as she shot out an energy blast more powerful than she had ever before, but it was useless. The attacks weren't even able to reach the Dragon's hard scales for the strange shadow surrounding its body would block the attacks.

The others joined in, but they were afraid to commit to any close physical attacks for fear that one of the stingers would touch them. They had seen what they could do. One touch of them and they were dead in an instant.

While everyone was doing what they could to slow the dragons advance, Van was doing everything he could to store an attack in the crystal, and at that moment, he felt a sharp pain go through his back. When he looked down, he could see a blade had managed to pierce all the way through him.

Sir K, suddenly appeared by his side, and struck down the Dark guild member, before seeing that the sword was already heavily in Van. If he was to pull it out now it would only get worse, until they were able to go to a hospital.

Slowly, Van's vision was starting to fade. The snow around him was dyeing in a red colour, but he could still see the dragon in front of him. It was the perfect opportunity, part of the problem with trying to fire at the dragon was that it was far away, but now it was so close, the attack had to hit.

Soon though, the glow from the white stone started too dim. He wasn't able to supply enough mana from around the air into the crystal, he could tell he was slowly dying.

"If only, I had a little bit more strength." Van said, and his wish was granted.

At that moment a strange energy started to surge through his body, not only him, but also to those all around on the battlefield.

"This, I've only felt this when Ray uses it, does this mean he's alive?" Kyle asked.

"The system is working again, we can use this to communicate!" Bliss said.

But most importantly, the bit of energy Van needed was given to him. He fired all he could into the dragons and it seemed almost confident it wouldn't get hurt, but when the light hit the dragon it told a different story.

It had pierced right through the shadow and touched upon its scales and when it did, the great beast was starting to burn. It tried to fly up in the air to get away but the damage was already done.?Soon it would fall into the snow, and later turn into nothing but dust.

The dragon was finally defeated, but there was still one more, what of Gary?

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 489: Surrender Gary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Underground in the tunnel, Ray could sense the power in the Dragon gauntlet rising once again, as Gary continued to fire off blast after blast. But Ray was simply too fast, moving out of the way of each of the explosions.

"Gary, I'm going to rip that darn thing right off your arm!" Ray shouted.

Now instead of avoiding the blows, he came right towards Gary. One of the attacks had hit Ray, but lifting his arms in a cross shape, when it hit ,smoke arose. It quickly disappeared and Ray's face could be seen directly in front of Gary.

He grabbed onto the Gauntlet, and truly tried to pull it from him.

"Wait Ray, you crazy idiot!" Gary shouted. "This thing is fused to my hand!"

"Then I'll just take your hand off as well!" Ray shouted. "As long as you go back to normal!"

As Ray pulled harder, the pain on Gary's face was seen, and a strange pain was starting to be felt within his heart. Ray could see him holding his other hand directly above his chest.

"Ray, you're killing me..." He groaned.

'Has it really already fused and bonded with him, is there no way to get rid of this thing?"

At that moment, the gauntlet gave out a large pulse, knocking Ray off and banging him into the tunnel walls, he wasn't hurt and managed to get up, but the gauntlet was reacting more than ever.

At that moment, a few men could be seen coming into the tunnel, and when Gary turned to look, the gauntlet seemed to calm down in power.

'Fighting him like this might just be irritating him more, letting the power consume him.'

When the two of them had stopped their little scuffle, that's when Ray noticed that from above, he could no longer hear the sound of fighting as much as before.

'Did something happen?'

When the men eventually exited from the tunnel there were five of them in total, each of them were large in size and covered in thick heavy black armour from head to toe, and shadows could be seen swirling around their whole body. On their armour the sign of the Dark guild, the single eye.

These men were large in size and their heads nearly touched the ceiling of the tunnel. It was hard to even call them human as they were nearly as large as the minotaurs.

However, they seemed to pause when they looked at Gary and then turned to Ray.

"Never mind him, just ignore him, what are you guys here for?" Gary said, almost annoyed that they had disturbed the two's little scuffle. It was hard to call it an actual fight, as it didn't really feel like one to Gary or Ray.

"I'm afraid I have terrible news." The one in front said, in a deep low voice. "The dragon, it has been killed."

"What, but how? Dragon's are one of the strongest beings in existence; no human should have been able to kill that."

"Unfortunately what you saw came true. The man that you brought in here earlier, stopped the crystal from being destroyed. They were still able to use it, the one with the power of a god inside him was able to use the crystal to destroy the dragon. Although if there is one saving grace in all of this, he appears to be badly injured and could die at any second."

Listening in, Ray was paying attention, he was surprised that they had actually managed to kill a dragon on their own. Of course he had used his dragon's roar to give them all a boost. He felt like while he was stuck down here it was the only thing he could do, but that couldn't have been the deciding factor.

'Van, you have grown, you have to live to see the victory you caused today.' Ray thought.

However, if what Gary had summoned was a real dragon, perhaps this whole thing would have been a different story, he couldn't imagine the crystal's power as small as it was to be strong enough to defeat such a beast.

"What do we do now sir?" Another man asked. "The soldiers have retreated through the tunnels, heading further into the shadow continent, hoping to join one of the other fortresses and the other shadow guard.

"I'm afraid to say that they seem to no longer be loyal to you."

Gary just laughed like a mad man and lent his back against the wall.

"I'm assuming that includes Monk, I knew he would betray me, And you?"

"We are prepared to fight till the very end, if you wish for us to go out and fight till this fortress is taken over, then so be it."

"Then that is what we shall do." Gary said, walking down the tunnel. "Coming Ray, to see my final stand?"

In Ray's eyes, the war was over, it was clear who had won. Five men and Gary, couldn't really be called an army honestly, Ray even felt he could defeat all of them himself, including Gary, but he was struggling to come up with a way to get that gauntlet off.

For now, he would come along.

Above, once the dragon was defeated, nearly all of the Dark guild members had already ran into the castle, to escape underneath into the tunnels. There were many paths that would lead them to different places above in the shadow continent, but the Redwings wouldn't chase.

Their goal was this fortress and only this fortress. Van, was being healed by the healers and Jack, seemed to be recovering well from the stinger due to his unique body, if anyone else had been hit by that, then they probably would have died on the spot.

When Gary came out, with five large men around him, they were surprised to see one person by his side, completely unharmed.

"Ray!" Martha shouted.

"No, don't tell me." Kyle said. "That now Ray is on their side."

The others feared the worst when they heard Kyle say this. It made sense, he was unharmed and walking with them, and the last time they had seen him he was meant to be fighting with the shadow ant.

If this was the case, then maybe this last battle would be far harder than they thought, but when Gary stopped, Ray continued walking over to the other side and gave his old colleagues a wave.

"Ray, you're not with the enemy?" Martha asked.

"Of course not, I made the Redwings because I hate the shadow In the first place." Ray replied. "You are all contracted under me anyway."

"How, how did you survive the confrontation with the shadow ant?" She asked.

"That tale can be saved for another time, this war isn't over yet." Ray said, and they all looked towards Gary standing there, his gauntlet growing with immense power.

When it was known as the dragon hammer, there were rumours it was powerful enough to destroy a whole city, so perhaps Gary was still confident in defeating the whole army himself, but Ray would never allow that to happen.

"Gary, have you come out to surrender?" Sir K said. "If you do we can help get that gauntlet of your hand."

"You would like that, wouldn't you?" Gary replied. "Make me powerless. No, I am here with my fellow army to fight until my last breath."

"That's insane!" Kyle shouted. "That's no army you have, we have clearly won, but for some reason you want to carry on fighting, risking more lives? Not just ours but those beside you who are loyal?"

"Well, please feel free to try to defeat this army of mine." Gary replied.

The look on their faces were nervous and they all then turned to Ray for an answer. What did they want him to do, but Ray didn't have an answer. He was hoping Gary meeting everyone might have sparked some type of change but it hadn't.

"Very well, what you say makes a bit of sense. Rather than risking the lives of these men, I shall risk only my own. If one can beat me in a duel then I will safely surrender." Gary said.

"This is nonsense Gary, we have nothing to gain from-" But Ray then stepped forward.

"Fine then let's duel." Ray said.

"Well, wait until you hear my conditions first. I wish to duel someone in a battle of swords." Gary explained. "If you don't want to accept these conditions, then feel free to go back to the war solution."

This was one of Ray's weaknesses, if he couldn't use magic and it was just swordsmanship, then he wasn't confident, and Gary was the best swordsman that Avrion had ever seen.

"I am willing to fight." Roki said stepping forward.

"Huh, who are you?" Gary asked, but before Roki could reach the front, Kyle stopped him.

"No, this is personal. You did not know him in the past.?I need to fight this one." Kyle said. "But one rule, you can't use the power of that gauntlet, you have to get rid of it somehow."

"That's impossible, it is fused with me, but I can make it go to sleep." At that moment, the crystals around the knuckles started too dim, and a strange energy could be felt no more.

Then, Gary pulled out his sword, the special sword which on the hilt had the dark guilds logo on it.

'That sword, everything seemed to change the day Gary got that sword.' Ray thought.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 490: Kyle Vs Gary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Gary pulled out the strange sword, it brought back a load of memories for Ray. The sword was found deep underneath the Avrion tunnels, and it was able to do things even he wasn't. Certain beasts had incredible regeneration speed, and when cut with the sword it would completely negate the ability.

It was hard to say what tier the weapon was when it could slide through anything it touched. When Gary first started using the sword, he started to go slightly mad, Ray thought it was infected by the shadow, but when looking at it, he could find no such thing. Still, because of how Gary was being consumed by the sword, he had asked him to get rid of it.

But Gary never did, bringing it with him on journeys, and using it whenever he needed to. The sword ended up helping them, and Gary seemed to be in control rather than the sword, so later on, Ray was fine with him using it.

However, the sword's origin was still a mystery.T hat scared Ray more than the Dragon hammer and gauntlet, that they at least knew about.

"You can't use that to fight," Kyle said, knowing some of the effects of the sword.

"It's not like I can use magic. This will be purely skill; this is the only sword I will use," Gary replied.

He didn't like it, but he had no choice. As Kyle went up, many of the Redwing members were wondering if Kyle was really the best choice.

Roki was known as the best swordsman in the empire. If anyone had a chance against Gary, it would be him. They did understand that perhaps Roki wouldn't have it in his heart to fight as hard for Avrion as they didn't understand who Gary was.

But if not Roki, then why not Harry? After Gary, Harry was considered the best swordsman and even proved it in the all kingdom tournament. The reason for Gary not volunteering himself was because he couldn't.

Every time he looked at Gary, his hands started to shake. He didn't know why but it was possible it was due to his life hanging by a thread, while in Gary's hand not too long ago. He felt the pure energy and power at his very fingertips.

Even if he wanted to fight, he was too afraid he would freeze up.

"Harry, do you mind if I borrow your sword?" Kyle asked, and he was handed the Black Raven given to him by Ray. He didn't have a sword of his own because his choice of weapons was the heavy chain; this just made people doubt Kyle's ability once again.

He hadn't trained with a sword for a while.

"Kyle, you were always a slacker even when we were back sash knights. The only thing you could beat me in is a competition of running your mouth." Gary said.

"I'm surprised you could even remember something like that. I thought the real Gary had disappeared and forgotten about everything that happened at Avrion." Kyle replied.

"Oh, I am very much aware of everything. Everyone seems to think that I'm being forced to do this, but they are wrong. You all will soon understand, when you are given such power, why would you listen to what others say? Anyway, are we going to talk or fight?"

Charging in, Kyle started off with an overhead strike. The black Raven was lighter than he thought, and his strike was quicker than he thought. It seemed like Gary was also surprised by this, as he lifted his own blade at the last second to parry the strike away.

He was thrown slightly off balance, and Kyle went in for the attack again, but Gary was able to regain his footing quite easily and was ready to counter. Whatever blow Kyle had for him this time, he would strike a fatal wound back.

However, an attack from the front never came, and Kyle was suddenly behind Gary and struck him diagonally going for the neck, but lifting his shoulder, it clinked off, doing no damage.

Quickly, Gary moved away.

"It looks like you have been training during this time," Gary said.

"And it looks like you haven't used your sword once during this whole time. Do you know every day the Redwings have had some problem, some type of crisis that we have had to face? Even if I haven't been practising my sword work, I have had to fight, I've had to train my black sash skills and pass them on to the future generation!"

"Shut up!" Gary shouted, swinging his sword widely, but it was powerful. When Kyle tried to use his footwork to move out of the way, it appeared as if the sword was following him, and it managed to go through his light armour, hitting him on the shoulder, but it stopped there, and Gary dragged it out slicing his flesh.

One would scream in pain, but Kyle didn't; instead, he used this drive and pain to come back with his own flurry of attacks. They were coming from all sorts of angles, and he was using the footwork to make his moves unpredictable.

"I've never seen Kyle so skilful with the sword before. Was he always this strong?" Martha asked.

"Kyle has always just needed motivation." Sir K said.

"Don't you remember?" Dan replied. "There was one time at the tournament where Kyle was trying to impress a girl. He won that fight in nearly an instant, the truth is. Whenever Kyle is serious about something, I have never seen him lose a fight, and it doesn't look like he'll lose this one either."

Eventually, the attacks were too much for Gary, and he was no longer his former self. The skill he had with the sword, not using it for a year, greatly affected him. An unexpected crouch and kick to the legs knocked Gary down.

When he was on the floor, Kyle went to thrust it into his throat, the fight was over, and all that was to be done was to kill Gary, but at that moment, he hesitated, his blade slowed, and it looked like it was going to stop before penetrating his neck.

Seeing this hesitation, Gary took advantage, sweeping Kyle's legs, toppling his body from under him. He fell to the floor. The tides had turned, and now it was Gary's chance to kill Kyle.

When he swung his blade down, he did not hesitate. Many people closed their eyes as they couldn't believe the turnaround and were about to see another friend lost.

Duels were a sacred thing between kingdoms' and even the empire as well as the Dark guild respected them. No matter what, one wasn't meant to get involved. A fight to the death or until one person had given up.

When Kyle volunteered himself, he knew the consequences, and he knew what would happen.

But then, a strong wind force was felt pushing the sword away from Kyle, and Gary was being blown back. He tried to look up and walk forward, but the wind was incredibly strong. Peaking through, he could see who it was coming from.

"Ray!" Gary shouted. "You can not get involved in a duel; you have broken the tradition and rules!"

"These rules were made for humans!" Ray shouted back and started to push with even more force. To the others, it looked like he simply had his hands out.

The power Ray had now was far stronger than before, and they were wondering what had happened to him during that time. Being suppressed, Gary sheathed his sword back into his side, and the gauntlet started to glow again.

"Fine, if this duel is void, then I will deal with you!" Gary shouted, and with his anger, the gauntlet started to glow more.

"This fight is over!" Ray shouted back. The wind stopped, and instead, now his hands were running with blue lighting going up both ends upwards to the top of his shoulders.

He walked forward with the power flowing around him, such strong lightning powers that would strike the ground, destroying rocks once in a while.

"It looks like I can't save you, you were about to take a life of another Redwing." Ray said. "I can't keep giving you second chances. I tried to bring you back, but I can't forgive you for trying to kill Kyle."

With both his hands and all of his Mana, Ray thrust them forward, and a large, powerful lightning bolt was fired into Gary. He lifted the gauntlet to block the blow, but it was far too powerful and flung him in the air.

The lighting continued to hit him and sent him back all the way until he was thrown through the castle walls.

"This magical power," Roy said with his mouth open. "It's stronger than any of the tower masters could ever produce. It's inhuman."

'That's because he's a dragon, and not just any dragon, but the king of dragons.' Bliss thought.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 491: I am Sen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After seeing their so-called leader blasted away like that, the large men from the Dark guild no longer wished to continue on. They surrendered there and then, they had no reason to fight and no one to protect.

Soon after, the main Redwing leaders stormed into the castle while the others waited outside and recovered. There were many who were injured and needed to rest and on top of this. They had a job to do in collecting those that had died, not just from their side but from the Dark guild members' side as well.

When they entered the castle, they could see where Gary had been thrown and landed, but there was no sign of him anywhere. It looked like he had gotten up and run away, to where though, was anyone's guess.

When they went underneath the castle into the tunnels, they assumed that he might have gone down one of them to escape, further into the shadow continent. However, this seemed unlikely as it looked like those from the Dark guild had sealed up the entrances after they escaped.

That's when a second theory came about. The only other thing that could have happened was Gary jumping through the large pit, the portal that connects one to the other place.

Under Bliss's guidance, it was decided that they were to seal up the portal. She claimed that most of the beasts and land that was infected actually seemed to be from one of the portals like so. They sealed it up simply with dirt until it was full enough to block it.

There couldn't be many around the shadow continent, and after sealing it up, it would deal a big blow to the Shadow army.

They stayed a few days at the Lion's mouth, mostly making sure those that were injured were fit to travel again. They also buried those from the Dark guild that had died on the battlefield, saying a prayer.

Harry was insistent on this after learning how human they really were. The Dark guild were fighting for peace, similar to the Redwings. They just believed in two different methods. At the end of it, they all had families that would miss them too.

While staying there, it seemed like what Bliss said was true. The land surrounding the castle and the surrounding area seemed to change, and the Shadow gradually started to leave, turning into a form of mist and heading towards the shadow continent.

Before leaving, several magical circles were drawn in the castle by both Bliss and Lenny. They did a number of things; one would allow for mass teleportation of their army, the others were sensors, trap spells in case the Dark guild or Shadow decided to return. Although Bliss thought this was unlikely, it was done as a precaution.

With this, they were happy to all head back together, and later on, in the future, they would send someone to the Lions mouth area, and claim it as part of the Redwing kingdom.

When they finally returned to Avrion, they were welcomed and congratulated with cheers. Now the system was back up, they were able to inform Sylvia of their success, and the news had spread around fast, not just to the Redwing kingdom but to the other kingdoms as well.

After all, it was the first time ever that anyone was able to take back land that had been conquered by the Shadow. The men and women who died in the war were buried in the cemetery, and the whole city had a moment of silence for them. The day of the war would be remembered, and it would be celebrated in the Redwing kingdom every year.

Finally, everyone in the Redwing army had been invited to the dining hall for a grand feast in celebration of the victory. At the front of the dining hall, there was what was now known as the Redwing leader table.

This contained those close to the Redwings, as well as the council and beast unit, including the two so-called students. Before everyone could begin eating, Sylvia stood up to make a speech to everyone. She still wore the eyepatch covering her eye, and before saying anything, she looked back at the others.

"First, I will start with the bad so we can get it out of the way. As tonight I want it to be a celebration, but this is something I must say. Even though we defeated the Shadow, the Shadow still exists out there.

"I'm also sure many of you have heard the rumours that the Empire has completely closed their borders. Before doing so, there was news that there had been signs of infected roaming around…" Sylvia spoke and continued to inform the army of more details.

"I hear that Alexander himself has been infected," Kyle whispered.

Roki, for some reason, was saddened by this news. He was invited to the Redwing table as he had contributed greatly to the war, and Ray insisted on it. Even though he was now part of the Redwings, he still felt a little sad and worried that something was going on in the Empire.

"The Empire is strong," Ray said. "I think it will take a lot for the Shadow to conquer them. If they have closed their borders, maybe it's because they don't wish to harm the other kingdoms. To stop the spread and deal with it themselves."

"True," Roki replied. "They are stubborn; perhaps they didn't want any more news going out."

"Finally, now that that's out of the way, we can move on to our congratulations!" Sylvia said in a more upbeat tone. "In the war, I would first like to thank Sir K for leading the army."

The army clapped and cheered, some even whilsiting at Sir K.

"There are also some special people that achieved far more in this war, and without them, possibly more would have died. Harry, the master White knight, who not only was sub commander but also saved the crystal from being destroyed!"

Bliss was most impressed by Harry, she was unaware of how important he was in the whole mission, if he hadn't survived, then there was a good chance the Dragon would have continued to live.

"Next, the person who had managed to defeat a Dragon, who shall be given the title Dragon Slayer, Prince Van!"

So far, Van had been given the biggest round of applause. Many of the soldiers there had seen how fearsome the dragon was, and were amazed at how Van was able to stand in front of it and not lose his composure, firing the white crystal at the beast.

"Another person, who fought the leader, one on one, who inspired us all and always cared for the people around him, Kyle the Black Sash Master!"

Kyle wasn't expecting any recognition, but he had received cheers equal to that of Van.

"Why?" Kyle asked. "I would have lost the duel if it wasn't for Ray."

"Don't be stupid," Harry said. "We all saw that you won that duel. You decided to spare his life; you're human, not a monster. Seeing you fight with such heart inspired us all. Honestly Kyle, I was too afraid to fight but you weren't."

Hearing the words from Harry's mouth made him finally appreciate the cheers and applause, standing up he started to bow to everyone.

"Finally, a man you all know well. A man who saved Harry, and also literally zapped the leader away, the man who brought all of us here together. Your king Ray Talen."

"Speech! Speech! Speech!" The crowd started to chant, and so did those at the Redwing table. Ray looked at everyone, and when he finally stood up, they went quiet. A smile appeared on his face.

"In the past, I have failed to protect those that I cared about. Even though I had so much power. I couldn't save everyone. I was afraid the same would happen to all of you, but I have made some good friends that were able to protect you in my absence.

"You know, when I came into this world, I hated humans. I never thought I would grow to care for anyone again. But I feel like I have managed to find a group of respectable humans, and I am happy to say that I like you guys.

"I wish to protect you all, and I wish to vanquish the Shadow once and for all."

The army and those at the Redwing table started to whisper to each other. They were confused by what he was saying. Why was he referring to certain people as humans when he was clearly one.

"I wish to continue to fight with you all, and I need to be honest with you all. I am not who you all think I am."

At that moment, Ray started to get rid of his disguise, slowly from the bottom to the top, a red tail was starting to be shown, spikes were sticking out of his back, Scales and claws appeared on his hands.

Standing there was something that looked more beast than human. A humanoid beast.

"My Real name is Sen. I am Sen the Great Red Dragon."

********

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 492: Sharing my life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The room wasn't filled with gossip or chatter, there were no cheers after Ray's speech. Instead, everyone just sat there in silence while they were taking in what they had just heard. If Ray had simply just come out with this silly statement, maybe they would have laughed it off, thinking it was some joke.

However, in front of their very eyes, at this moment they could see Ray looked anything but human. If one was to paint what a humanoid version of the Red dragon Sen would have looked like, then it would have been what was standing in front of them, right now, at this very moment.

"His form, it's changed so much!' Bliss thought in shock. 'He's progressed far more quicker than I expected, his body must be beyond the king tier, maybe even more at this moment. Did all this happen after the all kingdom tournament? It's the only explanation, and it explained how he had come back so strong as well. His magical powers must be impressive. I didn't sense any change in him whatsoever.'

Slyvia, who was there, the top of her eyelid was beating and her mind was going in loops as to what to believe and what not to believe. Compared to what she had seen before, Ray certainly looked more dragon like.

Back then, when she asked why he looked like so, he had said the same thing, and now he was telling the whole Red wing kingdom.

What she couldn't get her head around were two things, the first, if it was a lie then why this? There were better lies to cover up his beast form, and it wasn't even a cover up. This was the second thing that confused her, why tell everyone.

Unless, it was really the truth, he really was the Great Dragon Sen.

While Slyvia was still struggling to believe , there were a lot of the people at the Red dragon table that did believe. To them it covered a lot of the questions they had in their heads. Why could Ray use such great magical powers, ones beyond a tower master, even though he had trained as a knight his whole life.

Some magical skills were beyond things that anyone had seen. If someone said he had a god inside of him, they would have believed it, but this was different.

When Van was cut, his blood bled red, just like every other human, but with Ray's it bled black like a beast. Jack had been by Ray's side, practically since he knew him apart from after the all kingdom tournament. There was no chance for him to go through the beasting process.

"Wait, the Red wings, and the symbol." Kyle said as if he had just figured out everything all on his own. "That's why, because Ray was this, this?red Dragon Sen all along."

At that moment, Lenny started to chuckle at the table and the others were confused why he was suddenly laughing. It seemed like a serious moment in the dining hall and not one to laugh at.

If this person Really was Sen the great dragon, at one point he tried to kill all of humanity. They had heard the stories of what the Dragon did. Perhaps he had even killed many ancestors of those in the room. What was the true goal of the Red wings? Were they just as bad as the Shadow without realizing it?

This was the main concern for many who did believe what Ray was saying.

"I just found it funny that Ray hasn't really been hiding it from us this whole time after all." Lenny replied.

"What Do you mean?" Harry asked.

"What is the name of the mysterious warrior Ray disguises himself as."

It took them awhile but they finally got it. The warriors name that Ray always chose was Nes, it was the same when he was a student at Roland academy.

"Nes, is Sen backwards." Martha said.

Roy, suddenly didn't feel too bad about his defeat and lack of skill compared to this person. After all he was a great dragon not a human. It turns out his fire powers might still be the best and strongest in the whole of bronzeland.

"I can see a lot of you are confused, undecided to believe whether I am telling you the truth or not." Ray said. "Then I will share with you everything until this point that I have seen with my own eyes. I can't share the memories I had with you as a dragon, but you can live my life from this day as I have done as a human."

Throwing his hand up in the air, little gold glowing particles spread across the room and started to fall down like snowflakes.

"Memory sharing!" Bliss said. "Just how much of his powers has he gotten back?"

Hearing Bliss say this out loud, it looked like she knew he was Sen all along. That was just the confirmation they needed to know Ray was the real deal. She was the Divine being and slowly things were starting to fall in place.

When the golden snowflakes touched the surface of their skin, it went through them as if it was being absorbed into their bodies and at the same time, Ray's life started to play in their minds. Every single detail of it.

From the day he was born as a baby and all of his thoughts. How he wished to destroy the human race for killing him, his plots, his plans, Amy's death, his first human friend, Gary, his second human friend who had saved his life.

Through this, he thought they would have an understanding of emotions he had gone through and tears were running down some of the army and other faces. Of course to them, in their minds, they were going through years of Ray's life, while in real time it was passing by very quickly.

"Sen, what is the meaning of this?" Bliss asked. Everyone in the room was in a trance like state, unable to respond while going through the memories. "Why would you tell everyone who you were."

"Why can't I?" Ray replied. "Is it a lie? When I went missing, and chose to fight the shadow ant on my own I realised something. I care about the Red wings as much as I did the dragons. I didn't understand why or how myself, until I started to go through everything that happened.

"I still think humans are scum, they lie, cheat , steal, and try to one up each other for no reason. Systems are built so others are on top while others are below them. Yet, for some reason I can't find myself to completely abandon them, I feel like I must teach them to change.

"The Red wings have been proof of that change so far. We don't have the same difficulties as the other kingdoms. Maybe that will change as we grow in size, or maybe all of it works because I am here.

"This is the problem I soon realised. What would've happened if I was to die that day. What if I was to die with the shadow ant. No one would have learnt of the truth of who I was. They put their lives on the line for a fake leader, behind a fake name.

"No, it's time to be transparent, transparent about everything's and when my time comes to leave them. I wish they can pass on their teachings to help others."

In the memories themselves, so far they had seen everything, gone through everything Ray had gone through, all up to the point of the all kingdom tournament.This was when Ray had changed, and when he had gone missing for so long, to fight with the shadow ant.

In the arena, Ray looked at everyone, it was clear that the ant with his current strength was unable to be killed even with the three of them. Images appeared in Ray's head of everyone dying, and that included Slyvia.

Once again when thinking about this, his heart started to ache, without thinking much he acted on impulse all to protect those he cared about. He grabbed the ant and used one of his newly acquired skills. Teleport.

But this wasn't like the other teleport skill where he could appear next to a Red wing member, no this one teleported him and his enemy to a random destination. It was the only thing he could do and think off, maybe he would die, but at least he would be the only one.

With this thought, he could die happy.

The two of them teleported, and appeared in a swamp like place. But at that exact moment, Ray had gotten a notification from the system.

"Maybe I won't be dying today afterall."

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 493: Nearly a Dragon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Teleporting the Shadow ant out of the arena was a last ditch attempt. If they were going to die anyway, then Ray at least wanted to annoy the Shadow ant a little by making it harder to achieve its goal.

He had never expected what was to come from teleporting the ant out of there. As soon as they entered the swampy area, both of their feet sunk in the strange water-like mud up to their knees, then a message appeared in front of Ray.

[252/1000 tasks complete]

[New skills have been acquired]

It was the system. The system only completed tasks when he saved a life, and in return he gained a new skill every time he did. There were times where he saved people's lives and he never received a new skill from it. This was because the system was originally created by Bliss who could see the future.

For each life he did save, the system could already tell whether or not Ray had affected their future enough to know they had survived.

In the arena itself there were thousands of people watching. If the Shadow ant was able to continue to fight, then the others would have done their best to try to defeat it to allow as many people from the arena to escape as possible.

If Ray's theory was right, then he quite possibly had just saved the lives of around two hundred people by simply teleporting the ant away.

A smile appeared on his face, it was only a quarter of the skills he used to have when he was a dragon, and his body was still in a humanoid shape, but he was slowly getting back to what he once was.

For a moment, he thought everything was lost and he was sure he was going to die. However after realising this fact, he had a new energy and once again was ready to fight. Standing opposite the ant, he was still in his human form.

"Let me just make myself a little more comfortable." Ray said. His transformation was cancelled and on his arms, the scales were starting to appear.

"You are not human?" The ant said, but it wasn't spoken. The voice was sent straight into his mind.

"What gave it away." Ray replied, and before the ant knew it, two water like serpents had appeared from the swamp and lashed towards the ant like a whip. Two of its hands smashed into them, getting rid of them, but when his eyes were focused on what was in front of it, the area around the ant was already starting to freeze.

Moving out of the way so that the ant wasn't stuck in one place, it seemed to step on a part of the land that started to light up and a giant explosion had appeared soon after.

Ray, now behind the beast, gave it a strong kick and several more glowing lights in the swamps water started to light up, blowing up one by one.

When the water fell back down and the mist started to settle the ant looked fine. It's strong armour was still not broken or cut anywhere, just a few marks here and there.

"You can never-"

"Shut up!" Ray said, firing a fire ball into its mouth and continuing the barrage of attacks. Although nothing was hurting the shadow ant, at the same time, the number of different skills being used, was making it nearly impossible for the ant to fight back. It could never get its footing.

Whenever the ant would come up with a strategy or a way to combat Ray, he would switch it up to something else. What was surprising was how much magical power Ray was able to hold.

This was because of a new skill, called Mana nature. Similar to mana steal, it allowed Ray to steal the mana from living plants around them, and the swamp had plenty of green life. It wasn't as effective as mana steal, but he had a clearer conscience doing this rather than affecting those he cared about.

However, even if Ray had tried to use mana steal, he wouldn't be able to at that point and he would realise that later on.

The fight between the two seemed to be going nowhere, and the shadow ant soon realised this as well.

Creating a larger distance between the two, the ant stood on top of a large boulder in the swamp.

"I don't know why a beast would want to work with humans, I'm sure you know what they have done with us, but I no longer wish to waste my time. Perhaps we will meet again in the future, what is your name."

"Ra…" Ray paused for a second, Ray was his human name, but right now he was dealing with a beast and a strong one, now that he was more like his old self than before he was finally confident enough to use his old name again. "Sen."

"Sen, I will remember that." After that, the shadow ant was gone. Even using his dragon eyes Ray was unable to see where he had gone, he had certainly disappeared or at least traveled a long distance away.

After that, Ray started to ask himself the question - where was he?

Climbing on top of the highest tree, he tried to see if he could see any human structures. If he saw something he could get his bearings in some way, but he saw nothing but different lands and not a human structure in sight.

Using his dragon eyes he saw nothing but beasts, and something worse. Quickly he climbed back down and tried to hide his presence as much as possible. Fighting the ant had actually taken a lot of his stamina and Mana.

It was best for now if he found a quiet place to rest and heal up and that's what he was currently doing.

'Is this a new continent?' Ray thought. 'Am I no longer in Bronzeland?'

There were a few things that made Ray think this. First of all, his system. Everything worked apart from being able to communicate with others. Perhaps the distance was too great. The second, was the fact he didn't recognise any of the land for miles around him.

When he was a dragon he spent all of his time on Bronzeland, never travelling too far outside from it. He had never seen the different lands he saw around him before. The third reason why he thought this was because of the level and strengths of the beasts around.

With a simple look, he could see that there were beasts far stronger than that on Bronzeland and plenty of them as well.

The weakest tier beast he could see around him was king tier beasts, and he even saw a demon tier beast. It was a tier of beast that was given to dragons, although Ray wasn't a regular dragon and could be considered even above them.

Having already used the regular teleport skill, Ray was unable to see if the teleport skill to head back to a Redwing member would work. He would have to wait a while before he could teleport again. However, as he thought about it more he realised this was the perfect opportunity for him.

There was still a little bit of time before they were meant to go on the attack with Gary. Ray thought that maybe he wouldn't be strong enough to face Gary, and maybe this was what he needed.

So he decided to stay. During his time here he started off by killing the king tier beasts. This wasn't too much of a struggle and eventually gained the points to rank up his body to the king tier level.

Next he needed to defeat an emperor tier beast. With no forger around he couldn't improve his equipment, but with his new set of skills he had acquired he didn't really need to. Ray was able to defeat beast after beast, getting his body to the emperor tier and eventually even getting to the legendary tier.

Every time he ranked up to the next stage, his body went through a painful process but he could bear it, because he knew he was inching closer to getting his body back. More and more of his dragon features would appear on his body. His body itself felt stronger, faster and better.

At legendary tier, there were now only two more tiers to go until he was at the top. Demi - god, and Demon tier. During his time in this new continent, he hadn't tried fighting them, he knew even with all his abilities, these two tiers were out of his league.

More importantly, he had gotten carried away with hunting. He had no clue how much time had passed, and now he was worried about the others. He thought maybe the gang had never left the empire.

If that was the case, then who better to teleport next to than his partner at the all kingdom tournament, Harry. These were the events that led up to Ray saving Harry's life.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 494: A second home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The visions had ended and soon everyone in the room had come to. They had all lived in those brief moments and seen everything that Ray had done. At the same time they understood his actions and all the thoughts that were going through his head, and they also felt the same emotions as him.

After learning this, Ray thought maybe many would choose to abandon him, after all he still had the desire to kill many humans and they should have learnt that through his memories.

'It looks like the humans understand his emotions more so than he does himself.'

It was true, everyone in that room already understood whether human or not, how much Ray now cared for the Redwings, and that as long as they were with him he would do anything to protect them. The ones that had experienced Ray's memories were now able to cope with who he really was.

However, soon the news had spread to those that lived in the city, including the soldiers' families and the worry could be felt in the air. The soldiers tried to explain what they saw and how they could still put their trust in such a man after learning about him, but it was almost impossible to convince many others to do the same.

Because of all this, Ray had made the decision to leave. The fortress that had just been taken over needed to be protected anyway, and was now part of the Redwing kingdom. While everyone's nerves were unsettled, Ray decided it would be best to stay at the Lion's mouth bringing quite the force along with him.

Katy along with her five hundred or so men and women from the army had agreed to come along, then there were also a few important members from the Redwing table who had decided to tag along too.

Jack, although he would leave behind the other werewolves would come, along with Martha, Kyle, Harry and Lenny. Meanwhile Sylvia, Bliss, Roki, Roy, Badger, Sloth and the retired master knights Wilfred and Sir K would stay behind to run the city in their absence.

Sylvia tried to argue that Ray should stay. She didn't care what he was and she had said it before, he wasn't a master. She felt that if Ray stayed and helped the city, then the people would understand what he was like more and maybe warm up to him.

But Ray could feel it, not only feel it, but he could actually hear the thoughts of many in the city. If he didn't go through with this drastic and sudden change, then there was a good chance many people in the city would leave. This would give an opportunity for another kingdom to attack them once more.

This was the best decision for the city's safety and Ray.

While in the middle of preparing to move, Bliss had discovered something. Now that Ray was quite advanced, he was actually considered to be more dragon than human. Using his blood, she was able to clear the land.

While travelling once again to the Lion's mouth, they set a goal to clear the land on their way. The other good news was that the solution was also able to clear the Shadow from Sylvia. Her eye was no longer infected.

To her, it was the final nail in the coffin - Ray really was a dragon. However by now he had already left and she hadn't even had the time to tell him how she really felt about the whole thing.

The solution had also been tested a few more times as they wanted to see how strong it was. When clearing the land, more of it needed to be used compared to the old solution that Bliss had made. However now that they had an unlimited supply of Dragon blood, it didn't matter if the solution was less concentrated.

Unexpectedly though, when testing the solution on infected beasts it was unable to remove the Shadow. This most likely meant it still wasn't strong enough to remove the Shadow from a true infected yet. Sylvia began to realise that she got off lightly due to only being partly infected.

It had been a while now since Ray had been at the Lion's mouth, and currently both him and Kyle were in the underground tunnels. They were down there currently running an investigation. Redwing members were told to try to clear as much as the path of the tunnels where the Dark guild members had escaped from.

This way, they could eventually find out where they had been led to. The reason why Ray and Kyle were down here right now, was because the two of them were looking at two dead Redwing members that were lying there on the floor, both of their throats had been slit.

"Well, it's clear a beast hasn't done this, which means it had to be the Dark guild or a true infected." Kyle said, with his sword drawn and slashing the air a few times as if he was imagining slaying the person who had killed them.

Ever since his fight with Gary, his weapon of choice had changed from the chain back to a regular sword, and in his hands was the black raven. As a reward Harry decided to gift it to him.

"You can put the sword away, there is no one down here." Ray said.

"And how can you be so sure about that?" Kyle asked.

Ray just pointed to his eyes.

"Oh right, dragon eyes." Kyle said.

Ray could now be a lot more open about the abilities he had, there was no longer the need to hide anything now that everyone knew the truth. It was a relief.

"Well, it either has to be Monk who is now leading Gary's army, or one of the other Shadow guards, right?" Kyle asked.

It seemed common sense that Monk would now be in charge of Gary's army since he was second in command. Although after a defeat like that, perhaps Gary's army along with Morfran's were disbanded and placed in another one of the Shadow guards.

Both Morfran and Gary should have been sealed away in the portal. Morfran was too injured by Ray to escape and Gary, with no way of escape, had chosen to go down into the Shadow world himself. Still, this was all only a theory and Ray wouldn't believe it until he saw their two dead bodies for closure.

"If it's Monk I'm gonna show him a new swing or two." Kyle said swinging around the sword again, until it had clashed against something in the dark.

"Did Ray not tell you to put that sword away!" Harry stepped out from the darkness and could be seen placing his sword back by his side. "That little win of yours, defeating Gary, has really gone to your head. If you want to fight someone, I'm happy to have a friendly match with you anytime and bring you back to reality."

"No thanks." Kyle replied. "I don't want to hurt my friends, I'm too scared that I can't hold myself back and would embarrass you."

Harry shook his head with disappointment but decided to let it go. He was unsure whether the confidence that Kyle had was actually a good thing for him or not. He did certainly seem to be using the sword better than before, so he would let it go for now even if it was driving him a little crazy.

"Ray, I came here to tell you that we have discovered something and we wanted you to take a look at it." Harry asked.

"Oh, what would you need me for?" Ray replied, sounding surprised that he was being asked specifically.

"Well, we thought you might be interested. We wanted you to take a look at what we think could be dragon bones."

"Hey, don't go showing Ray his dead relatives." Kyle blurted out, "How do you think it makes him feel?"

"No you idiot, I'm talking about the Shadow Dragon that was defeated not too long ago."

"Wasn't the dragon burnt to ashes by Van?" Ray asked.

"It seems like the body was only partially burnt, and after clearing the land we managed to discover them buried deep within the snow.

When Ray unlocked a number of his old skills, he had proven that he couldn't do many amazing things with it. Some of them didn't even seem like magic and they were just outright creepy. This was why Harry thought maybe they could learn something from the bones.

As for Ray, he was naturally interested in the bones anyway. He wanted to know if they really did come from a dragon. On top of that, ever since seeing the dragon he had been having more dreams about the dragon settlement he had created a long time ago.

Just like he had done with the humans, he had gathered a bunch of the dragons and created a safe haven for them. The only thing was, he was wondering why he was thinking about it so much now.

"Let's go have a look at these bones." Ray said.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 495: The Dragon bones
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before they were to leave for the bones, it was important that they looked at the two knights that were lying dead in the tunnels. It was clear that an assassin had killed them by the way their throats were slit. The problem was, what for?

Why simply just kill two men not closely related to the leaders, had someone from the Dark guild managed to infiltrate the Lion's mouth and was now roaming around? If that was the case, then they were quite the strong assassin for Ray not to be able to catch their presence.

While examining the bodies, Harry looked a tad little impatient, as if he wanted Ray to hurry looking at them. But what Ray was trying to do was going to take some time. Ray was casting one of his skills that would show him the last few moments before a person's death.

It would raise their body in a spirit like form and show how they were killed, Yet for some reason, it was proving difficult to activate his skill with these two. Perhaps it was the shadow that was still surrounding them.

So Ray was trying his best to figure out how to get rid of the lingering shadow to then activate his skill. Confirming their suspicions.

At that moment, more footsteps were heard down the tunnel, and both Martha and Lenny had appeared. Lenny looked even larger in the tunnels. If he was to raise his hands he was sure he would be able to touch the ceiling easily.

"Have you guys found anything out yet?" Martha asked.

'Not quite, but Harry wanted us to look at some Dragon bones after this." Kyle replied. "If you ask me, that sounds a lot more interesting."

"I know it does, but it's important we find out just what the shadow is planning, and why they would attack us. After all, we now know Monk is behind this." Martha said, with a saddened voice.

"Our spies confirmed it, it looks like he has officially taken over Gary's role. Which also means Gary and Morfran are probably both gone." Lenny said. "I would suggest all of you prepare yourself for the worst. I know you know what I mean by that."

There was a brief moment of silence from them all. What Lenny meant was to be prepared to kill Monk. It was clear to a lot of them that he was already too far gone now. After what happened with Gary, it was pointless to try and get them to come back over to their side. What they needed to prepare was to kill their friend to save the lives of many.

The others started to watch Ray carefully, they could see his face twitching as he was concentrating, and the wounds on the neck of the two knights, a strange shadow started to lift and run up Ray's arm. But when it reached his elbow, a strange red force would collide with it and force it back down.

After this, Ray stood up and shook his head.

"I can't activate my skill on it, it looks like something is blocking it." Ray said.

"A power that not even a dragon can surpass?" Lenny said, with an interest. "Just what is the shadow? It seems to be too strong to be a god, maybe gods coming together to create something."

"We can ask questions like that when we get rid of it." Harry said. "If there is nothing else we can find out about from these two, then we shall bury them. We will make sure the guards and knights are on high alert and look out for the assassin. If that's all, let's head to have a look at those Dragon bones."

Harry had already started walking down the tunnel before anyone else, and soon after Kyle and Ray followed.

"Why don't you go and take a look as well Lenny/" Martha said. "Your knowledge of beasts will surely help, and while you're there keep an eye on Harry, he has been a little twitchy these days."

"I was already planning to." Lenny replied, rubbing his beard as if he was in a deep thought.

On their way to see the Dragon bones, Kyle seemed to be a little excited.

"Hey, do you think we could use the bones to create a weapon? I know there's no beast crystal but I heard Dragon bones are as strong as Glathrium."

"And you want to end up the same way as Gary. Remember Gary's Hamer was originally called a dragon hammer. Perhaps that too was made from a dragon infected by the shadow." Lenny replied.

Harry led the three of them down some more tunnels until they eventually entered a chamber that was lit up with light crystals. On a stone table there stood the dragon bones laid out on top of them. Most of the army was still stationed underground.

This was because a lot of the inside of the castle had been destroyed and had poor conditions, but a lot of structure was actually built in the tunnels, so the army could last underneath the castle seemingly for a very long time. Although, Some of the men felt like they were going mad living down here, so they would go out from time to time.

And they were building structures on the outside as fast as possible, hoping to leave these dark tunnels.

When Lenny laid his eyes on the bones, the immense power coming off from them made him feel uncomfortable, Kyle was faring a little better but this was more due to him not being able to sense the power coming from them.

It only took a single look for Ray to confirm that these were indeed real dragon bones, but what he had seen that day was not a real dragon.

Harry walked up to the table, and started to run his hand across the bones, a large piece that had been chipped and already looked similar to a blade.

"The way he's rubbing that thing is a little creepy, don't ya think?" Kyle whispered to Ray.

"Let me just speak my mind for us all." Lenny said. "These bones should be destroyed. It seems that there is power still lingering in them and if we don't want what happened to Gary to happen to any of us, it would be wise of us to get rid of them."

"I thought the same at first." Harry replied. "But then I started to turn around. The shadow has great power, we haven't even begun to fight it's full force yet, we measly fought against one of it's guards. There are still more and the Redwing army is small.

"Perhaps, we need to start to rely on some outside powers."

"Did you even listen to a word I said, or have you already been possessed?" Lenny asked.

"Hey, I can see you two are going to get into a right argument any second now." Kyle said, trying to interrupt the two of them. "We have someone who will decide what we do in the end anyway."

Everyone in the room then looked at Ray for a decision. Walking up to the Dragon bones, Ray placed his hand on top of part of its skull. This seemed to be infected with the shadow the most.

He was hoping that maybe, he would be able to extract something from it, to see the dragon's will or maybe a past memory of the dragon itself when it was alive.

Just like before with the two dead knights. A dark shadow started to seep out of the dragon skull and run up Ray's arm. The red aura came out seeping from Ray and tried to collide with it like before, only this time, the shadow was stronger.

It had engulfed the red aura and continued to travel upward.

"Ray are you okay?" Kyle asked.

"It's the shadow, I told you those bones were infected!" Lenny shouted. "We have to do something."

At that moment, Kyle tried to approach Ray but the shadow looked like it was starting to hop on towards him.

"Stay where you are!" Ray shouted. "I won't die, don't worry."

Harry, realising his mistake, drew his sword and was ready to try to crush the bones where the shadow had come from. He swung down as hard as he could, but his sword simply bounced off the thing.

The shadow had creeped up towards Ray's head and his vision was no more. He had now entered a pitch black dark room. Opposite him he could see strange shadows. It took the form of a dragon, the same one that Gary had summoned.

Then they started to change and shift into something else, a more human looking form, but there were no finer details shown, just an outer body.

"Now, now Sen." The shadow said.? I'm finally happy that we get to talk like this face to face."

"Who are you?" Ray asked. Of course he wouldn't know who this was, it was just shadows in a human shape.

"What do you mean, I'm a bit upset you don't remember me Sen. I'm what you have been trying to get rid of this whole time. I am the Shadow the humans hate."

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 496: What is the Shadow?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had never met the person behind the shadow before. They didn't even know who was behind the beasts being infected or who was controlling the Dark guild. There were many theories wondering if it was even a human.

What surprised Ray more than anything though, was the fact that this person knew his real name. They referred to him as Sen. He had recently told many people who he really was, but they were all those belonging to the Redwings.

Technically, no one should know his real name or his real form other than them.

"How do you know who I am?" Ray asked.

"Don't worry, I know you can't see the real me, so I'm not expecting you to remember. What I am surprised about, is why there is so much resistance from you?" The shadowy human said. "Wasn't your goal to destroy all humans? I am simply doing that."

It was true, at one point Ray did feel like all the humans deserved to die, but not now.

"The humans are corrupt, but they can change."

"Change?" The shadow figure said. "Even if they change their ways, that doesn't forgive what they did in the past!' The voice shouted.

When the shadowy figure got angry, it seemed to flicker and the human form was changing into something else. It was as if he had chosen to appear in front of Ray looking like this, it wasn't his true form.

"Sen, I was hoping that maybe me and you could work together, but I'm warning you now. You continue to get in my way and I will have to kill you too."

The shadow figure started to blow away, as if a strange wind was getting rid of it, and the dark room started to collapse. Breaking as if it was made of glass. When it finally shattered, Ray had come back inside the room.

"Ray, Ray!" Kyle shouted, shaking him about.

'I'm okay.." Ray said softly, his head still not in the right place.

"Okay? Your whole body was frozen stiff. We thought we had lost you to the shadow." Kyle said.

Clenching his fist a few times, Ray looked at the Dragon bones in front of him. He then lifted his hand and slammed it down on the skull, shattering it into pieces.

"That damn shadow, it took over my mind!" Ray complained, noticing his body was still shaking.

He thought after evolving twice, and unlocking a quarter of his skills, that there was now no one that was a match for him. Yet, a shadow from some fake dragon bones had managed to enter his body. It had frustrated him greatly.

However, what was frustrating him even more than any of that, was this person seemed to know him, while Ray didn't know anything about the enemy.

"I'm sorry Ray," Harry said. "I looked over these bones by myself constantly, but never did the shadow ever rise from them. I thought it would be safe."

"It's not your fault," Ray said. "It was a message only meant for me in the first place."

"As I said we should get rid of the bones," Lenny repeated. "Before anymore of this happens."

"I will deal with it," Harry repelled.

Kyle and Lenny gave each other a quick look, wondering if they could trust Harry at the moment. He looked to be his normal self now, but he was certainly acting strange before.

There was no reason for Ray to return to the surface as there wasn't much of anything there, instead he returned to the centre of the large cavern. Here several areas had been turned into living quarters. A lot of tents were pitched up to allow the soldiers to have their own private area.

And in this case, there was also one for the Redwing leaders who had come to the lion's mouth. Entering, Ray decided to inform Slyvia. He would update her every day of what was happening, part of the rules of him coming here.

He didn't know why, but he complied to them, and stuck to his schedule updating her every day around this time.

"Harry is a strong person, but so was Gary, so you have every right to keep an eye on him. I'm sure Lenny will be able to spot any signs of the shadow before anyone else. You have good people by your side..Sen" Slyvia said, struggling to say the last part.

In her messages rather than calling him Ray, she had opted to call him Sen. Something no one else did, this was her proof to him that she didn't care about his past and she wanted to show that she was closer to him compared to anyone else. At the moment though, no one knew about this fact.

"You were once infected by the shadow, do you have any guesses to what it could be?" Ray asked.

"Not any new guesses that the Divine being, nor the common folk have talked about. A strong god, a group of god's. A demon, or a highly strong beast like a…."

"Like a dragon?" Ray replied.

"Yes, haha but I don't know any dragons that have this much magical power,? surely their stories would have been passed on like yours."

If it was a dragon, it would explain why it knew Ray, what it didn't explain was this strange power. Sylvia was right, if there was another dragon during his time that had power like this, he would have known about it.

Some dragons did have special traits that were unique to them that others didn't have, but he didn't remember any having something like this.

Inside the tent, Van was sitting there, playing with the crystal. Bliss had told him to keep it. After all it wasn't really a part of her. Only a part of what was used to seal her. He gripped it tightly, as he realised how important it really was.

It had managed to kill a dragon, and in the future perhaps they would rely upon it more. "I'm glad I decided to follow you, Ray." Van said.

Suddenly, Lenny had entered the room, when he did, he started to search the tent to see if he could find anything.

"What are you doing?" Van asked.

"Do you not know?" Lenny replied. "There is an assassin about. My life is in quite the safe hands, but both of you are big targets. You should be careful around here. Especially while you have that crystal.

"Remember, if you use your powers without it, a horde of beasts and the Shadow will know exactly where you are."

Van looked down at the crystal, and bad memories had started to enter his mind from the past. How he had let Amy die that time. He gulped, and his confidence he had just founded in himself, started to shrink again.

"Lenny perfect timing," Ray said. "Can you call all the leaders to come here for me?'

A smile appeared on Lenny's face as he agreed. It was very rare for Ray to call the meetings. Quite often, Harry or Martha seemed to be running the show around here. It was never Ray's style to boss people around.

Inside the larger tent, all the leaders had gathered. There was Martha, Jack, Kyle, Harry, Lenny, Katy and Van. These people were the ones the five hundred or so soldiers with them would follow orders from.

"We have been here a while now, and I know everyone is uncomfortable, but I have made a decision." Ray said. "I have decided that we will carry on moving into the Shadow continent and take over the Mindown Fortress. It's the closest one from here."

"Another war?" Kyle replied. "So soon."

He couldn't help but think that it had something to do with those bones.

"Have you spoken to Silyvia about this?" Martha asked. "We will need soldiers to look after the Lion's mouth and those at Avrion. Although recruitment is going well, we still don't have enough trustworthy people to go for another attack."

This was something Ray hadn't done or thought off, he was just feeling impatient after what happened.

"We are plenty strong, it doesn't have to be a large force, and I believe we will fare better now that you have me."

If anyone else had said these words, one would think they were arrogant, but it was true. When taking over the Lion's mouth. They didn't even have Ray, with his strength behind them it might be an even easier task.

" We will follow you," Lenny said. "But I do suggest you talk to Sylvia about this first."

Having just spoken to her, he felt it was a little awkward to make the request, but he still decided to go ahead with it anyway. After sending a message, he nearly got an instant reply back.

The others could see the strange look on his face.

"What's wrong, boss?" Jack asked.

"It's about Mindown Fortress, Slyvia said it has already been taken over?"

"Huh, another kingdom has fought against the shadow and won." Kyle said stunned.

"No, not another kingdom, Apparently it was the empire."

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 497: Pale Skin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After reading the message to everyone a bit more, Ray had clarified what Slyvia had said. All they knew so far, was that one of the fortresses located in the shadow continent, had been destroyed.

By who, it was anyone's guess, but there weren't many that had the power to even go up against the shadow in the first place, so she assumed the most likely suspect to be the empire.

"It looks like Slyvia wants us to leave quite soon to investigate," Ray said. "If the fortress has already been taken over, then there will be no need to take a large force."

"Not necessarily, " Lenny replied. "Unlike our attack, they knew we were coming, my guess is the shadow content had no clue this would happen and was probably why they were able to succeed or part of the reason. If that's the case, then they will send one of their own to investigate."

"Someone like Monk?" Martha added. "His group were the closest and he seems to have taken over Gary's role being in charge of the human side of things. There won't be many that work for the shadow that would be able to investigate."

It was a decision they would have to make, unlike Gary, they actually had no clue what power Monk held, although they could tell he had been influenced and possessed by the aura of the gauntlet.

"Did the empire finally stop focusing on us and decided to fight the shadow then?" Van asked.

He was interested in these matters, things concerning the empire. It affected all of the kingdoms, including the Alure kingdom which had allied themselves with the Redwings.

Martha stood there with her finger on her lip.

"If I remember correctly, it was rumoured that the kingdom were having their own problems with the shadow. Perhaps after dealing with that, something had inspired them to attack the shadow."

"I thought they had been overrun by the shadow," Harry added.

"We don't know if that's true or not," Martha replied. 'If it was, I doubt they are the ones behind this."

"Then for now, it would be best if we just treat them as another group," Ray said. "They are nether with us, nor against us until we find out some more details."

Thinking about it, Ray was trying to figure out how they were able to defeat one of the fortresses. Each of the fortresses would usefully contain a shadow guard member, Both Morfran and Gary were part of the shadow Guard and Ray knew their strength. He had even gone against the grand mage Wiz. One of the most powerful mages' to ever live.

Although, he himself didn't have great power but it was his ability which gave him great strength. Still, it just showed what strength the Shadow had. In Ray's mind there were only two ways they could have taken over a fortress, either the grand weapon that Roki spoke off was found and somehow they were able to activate it without the key. Or it had something to do with Sera. Roki said he shined the most when leading an army.

A couple days had passed and the army were making preparations to move out. A large force wouldn't be taken, but Sylvia also wouldn't allow for Ray to head off with just a few of them. No matter what, she was sure they would be confronting an army. Whether that was led by the empire, Monk or some unknown force she did not know.

At the moment, inside one of the rooms, four young knights were busy talking and these were knights that belonged to the beast squad. There was Flynn, a former Black sash squire, Wendy, an archer. Both of these had gone through the beasting process and were taken out from their sash groups. The two additional people in the room had become quite close with both of them, during their time here.

Although these two had no need to go through the beasting process, because they were already part beast. One of them was a girl named Claire who was close with Jack, Both of them had left the town of Zrey together.

She found it harder then she realised to speak to others when arriving at the Redwings, but for some reason with Wendy, she found it quite easy. Maybe because she was part beast, she felt she could connect and the two of them were a similar age. As for the other werewolf, he was named Dale, a quiet one, but one who would show his caring side at times.

During the war, he had always stuck by Claire's side, although it would make her think of Zinc, a werewolf that had chosen to go with Steven. Jack's brother. The two of them with a group of the saved werewolves had gone in search of the other Werewolves, who apparently had a dislike for humans. She was just glad that they hadn't run into them on their journey so far.

"It looks like we might be going into another war," Flynn said, his hand shaking a little. "I saw all the knights, I think we will be moving out today."

'It's not confirmed yet." Wendy replied. "Remember they said another group has already dealt with them, this is just a simple investigation."

After the last battle, they were no longer Squires and were full fledged knights now. They had joined the main force and wouldn't be babysitted by Harry or Jack.

At that moment, Kyle had barged into the room to check on the others, as he was in charge of these little groups of young knights.

They all respectively bowed to him as he entered.

"Alright, it's time for you guys to grab your things, it looks like we will be heading off in an hour or two," Kyle said.

Watching the kids pack, Kyle noticed that Claire was moving only slow compared to how she usually would, as if she had something on her mind.

"Sir," Claire suddenly said. "Is it true what Jack said, he said that it's possible that Harry has been possessed by the shadow, and to keep a lookout for ourselves."

"Jack told you that?" Kyle thought, surprised. Him and Lenny had suspicions, and Lenny did say he would warn a few people, but for it to even reach the words of these kids. He was unsure if that was wise or not. If there was a current chain of command, then right after Ray, Harry would be next.

If it got out to the soldiers and they were having doubts about their leader, it wouldn't be good.

"Whether it's true or not, you guys have nothing to worry about with me by your side." Kyle said drawing out the Raven sword, he swung it in the air a few times, cutting the air.

"You saw my skills against Gary, the best swordsman Avrion has ever seen, Even if Harry has been infected by the shadow, I will be there to protect you," Kyle smiled.

He wanted to squash any worries these kids had, they only just became knights, and even during the last battle had minimal involvement, but with a smaller group being selected to head to this fortress, they could very well be relied upon.

"Who did you say you could beat in a sword match?" Harry said, entering the room from behind. "It seems after that single win against Gary, you have become extremely arrogant. Oh, sorry it wasn't even a win, Ray had to save you, isn't that right?"

When the others looked at Harry, he didn't look like his normal self, his skin was paler than it usually was and his tone sounded almost aggressive when speaking to Kyle.

"I was just joking about, you know me Harry," Kyle laughed. "But Harry, are you alright, your skin, it's so pale."

Lifting his hand, Harry looked at it for a few seconds.

"Ah this, it happened when I was getting rid of the dragon bones. I don't know how, but I feel fine."

"Are you sure, maybe you should go speak to Lenny, see if something happened, those bones even affected Ray after all. Are you sure you really got rid of the bones?"

When Kyle asked this question. Harry's face? turned upside down, he looked at Kyle with a death stare glare. He was certain of it, those Bones had affected him in some way, just like they had done Ray. The same way Gary was affected by the Dragon hammer.

"Are you questioning me?" Harry said, stepping forward.

Kyle stepped back and looked at the young knights, each of them looked nervous, unsure of what to do. After all, technically Harry and Kyle were their superiors; they weren't allowed to go against them.

Even if they had a suspicion Harry was under the influence of the shadow, he showed no signs apart from more aggression than usual.

"You said you could beat me in a duel right, then why don't we have a go?" Harry said, pulling out both his blades.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 498: The assassin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On seeing Harry draw his two Blades, Kyle's natural reaction was to draw his single black raven as well.? While Harry was calm, Kyle's hand was shaking about nervously. Not because he was scared of fighting, but because he was unsure if Harry was truly under the shadow's influence.

"Should we do something?" Flynn asked. Worried for his old black sash master. They were on the same side and he couldn't understand why the sudden need to draw weapons.

"Harry, please forgive Kyle, I believe he only said those things because he wanted to cheer us up," Wendy said.

With a single glance from him, all four of the kids stepped back. It felt like if they even tried to help Kyle then he would go to attack them. Immediately, Dale stood in front of Claire ready to protect her. He held his hand in front of his face, and his eyes started to shift and change.

"What is wrong with you!" Kyle snapped, his hands no longer shaking. "You really have gone mad if you threaten the kids with your Ki like that."

'So that was his Ki? It was so strong.' Claire thought. She never knew it could be used in this way either, to intimidate your opponents.

"Great, now it looks like you're finally ready to fight," Harry said with a smile. "Let's see if you can back up those words of yours from earlier."

Focousing his Ki, Harry sent out a force towards Kyle, using his footwork he had moved and dodged the attack, but it was a simple bluff. There was no blade and only a force of Ki, he had realised his mistake too late.

Already, his blade had been consumed by both of Harry's blades. Swirling the black raven it was flung into the ground. Piercing the floor beneath, right by the kids feat.

"You Bas-" throwing out a fist at him, Kyle was mad, but the anger had consumed him and was used against him. It was wild and easy to avoid, allowing Harry to get behind and place a blade by his throat.

"And look how easy the greatest swordsman in the Redwing army was defeated," Harry said.

At that moment, stepping through the door, was the giant man known as Lenny.

"What is the meaning of this Harry?" Lenny asked, with both of his fists glowing. It was a strange magic he would use to re enforce his fist and pound his foes. On the battlefield, people had seen him kill many beasts with his bare hands.

Dropping the blade from Kyle's neck, Harry started to walk off to the exit. "Don't worry, I'm just teaching people there place. We will be going into another war soon."

If Kyle was only hesitant about whether Harry was possessed by the shadow before, he was sure of it now.

*****

The journey to the fortress was delayed. Just before they were about to set off and leave, two more knights were found dead in the tunnels. Each knight were Redwing knights that had fought in the war.

They were by no means weak, and with no one having heard or seen anything, travelling was put on hold. They would have continued to move out, but Martha could tell it would be a bad decision.

With now four knights being assassinated, they didn't want their leader Ray, and a few other strong ones to suddenly leave. Fear and paranoia was starting to spread through the army. Some were suggesting that they should return to Avrion and abandon the lion's mouth.

They felt like the place was cursed, it hadn't been completely cleared of the shadow. Of course many were against this idea as well, so much blood was lost trying to claim the place.

Still, that didn't stop from small fights breaking out between each other as there were two different options.

Meanwhile, inside a single tent, away from the leader's one. The young beast students had decided to gather to discuss what had happened the other day.

"I think it might be true," Claire said. "We saw how he acted that day, maybe if Lenny didn't come in then Kyle would be dead by now."

"I think you might be right." Wendy replied, a little down. Harry had saved her a few times when they were out trying to gather beast crystals and even during the war.

He had sacrificed himself to help everyone to the point where he was taken away.

'You don't think…" Flynn paused thinking whether he should say what was on his mind or not. With a nudge from Dale, he went for it. "You don't think that the assassin could be Harry, do you? He would be skilful enough to defeat those knights like that."

"No," Wendy said. "I can't believe he would do something like that."

'When possessed by the shadow, they can make people do anything." Said Dale.

Few words were ever spoken by him, but whenever he did, it hit the others really hard.

As a way to distract everyone. Training was ramped up for the knights. It gave them something to focus on, and not to go mad twiddling their thumbs all day.

Eventually another meeting between the leaders was called. Harry stood there still with his pale skin, and Kyle kept glancing in his direction. After that day Lenny had spoken to Ray and Ray had a word with Harry.

However, it seemed like nothing had changed. Perhaps Ray was losing his touch, Kyle thought. Sometimes those that were weaker with power were most sensitive to those around them.

Now that Ray had great power again, a small change would seem insignificant. But he was only guessing and had no clue what was going through Ray's mind. That day when they experienced Ray's life. His thought process always seemed strange.

Maybe that's just what happened to those that lived thousands of years alone.

Lenny stood by Ray's side as he gave an update to everyone on the investigation. "It appears that the fortress was destroyed using some mighty force rather than an army. Maybe some type of weapon. Similar to the white stone."

Hearing this, only made Ray think back to the special weapon that required the key around his neck to activate, had they really found a way to activate it without? Thinking about this also made Ray think of his mother.

If only she had accepted the contract, he would have been able to message her and ask her a few questions he had about it. At the same time, after telling everyone else the truth, he thought she deserved to know the truth about him as well, and about his father.

"Could it be another dragon weapon?" Jack asked.

'At this point we're not ruling out any options." Lenny replied. "Spread through the continent there are many strange and different artefacts. The very crystal that Van is holding is one of them. Perhaps someone had used one of these.

"Sylvia says to not rule out anything, even an attack from the shadow itself. Back then when she was being controlled by the shadow, she noticed that her shadows were being controlled by the ant. It wasn't the usual shadow that we are used to.

'Maybe there is even infighting amongst them."

Speaking of infighting, this caused Kyle to bring up his concern he had as well.

"Has there been any progress in finding the assassin?" Kyle asked , hoping that some evidence had pointed towards Harry. That day he tried to search for evidence himself but couldn't find anything.

If Ray wasn't going to act, then he would need to find proof and get the others on his side. Lenny was a little cautious and the others didn't believe Kyle's tale when he told them.

"No," Ray replied, "But I have been doing my own surveillance. There are things that I can do that even you guys don't know about. So even if one of us is the assassin ourselves, I will be able to catch them."

This brought a smile on Kyle's face. It seemed that Ray hadn't just disregarded his report.

Placing his hand on the ground, a small circle appeared and from it, an old friend had appeared that they hadn't seen for a long time. A black furred wolf with a large horn sticking out from it's head.

"Noir!" Jack shouted. "But wasn't she bigger before?"

"Just like me, Noir also improved her strength. One of the skills she has is she can change her size as she wishes. Her speed is even more impressive than before and I guarantee you'll, she is stronger than any emperor tier beast."

Those words scared them all, they looked at Noir who was happily licking Ray's hand. It didn't seem like a deadly beast but they had seen it do a few things in the past.

"We will be wasting no more time. We will be moving out to the fortress now."

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 499: A quicker one
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ray had set off early in the morning, leaving the Lion's mouth and heading to the nearby destroyed fortress to investigate. As promised, he had taken a small token army of around twenty five people with him. Left behind to look after the others was Katy as well as Dan.

Dan had been called from Avrion to come by while the others were away, this was why their journey was delayed by a couple of days. The ones that were out on this journey were Lenny, Jack, Martha, Kyle, Harry, Van and the four students as well as the twenty five Redwing members.

There was always the worry that this could have been a trap, maybe something to get a bulk of the Redwing forces away from the Lion's mouth for a surprise attack, but Ray wasn't worried. If there was any trouble, he could always teleport back and he was confident that just him would be enough.

While travelling through the land, eventually the heavy snow they were in had disappeared and they were back on hard solid ground, with green grass and fields that went on for miles. It was a lot easier for the others to walk in and the view was nice to look at.

"Ahh! It feels wonderful to finally be outside." Martha said. "I feel like we have been in those tunnels far too long."

"Yeah, I hope we never have to go back to the Lion's mouth again." Kyle replied.

"Aren't you guys worried?" Van asked. "We left while there was still an assassin about. Maybe while we are away the assassin will continue to attack the army."

"Perhaps," Lenny replied. "But I fail to see what their true goal is in that case. All the important people of the Redwing kingdom are here. I doubt their aim was just to continue to kill our people, eventually they will leave tracks and markings behind."

'If the killings stop, then it probably means the assassin is with us.' Kyle thought while looking in Harry's direction, who had been silent through the whole trip. He didn't care what anyone said, Harry had changed.

Without realising it, the area around them started to change slightly, a thick grey fog started to come into sight, and it was hard for them to see the person in front of them.

"Not again, how did we not see this coming?" Martha complained, drawing out her dagger. She knew that in the past, whenever the mist was seen, creatures from the shadow would come to attack.

The last time she had experienced this was when they had lost Kyle.

"Kids, make sure you protect Van and the white crystal!' Lenny ordered, and the beast unit went straight to Van's side.

He felt a little embarrassed, having to be protected by those that were two years younger than him. Was he really that unreliable? Still, he held onto the crystal tight ready for whatever was to come.

While everyone drew their weapons and were ready for an attack, the only one that stood there calmly was Ray. He had seen the Shadow coming and in truth he felt like he probably could have gotten rid of the mist, helping the Redwings.

With his dragon eyes, he could see through the fog and could see the enemy. There was what looked like a pack of wild dog-like beasts. By his side, Noir was growling heavily at them, and a few of them seemed to back off.

However, everyone else was unaware of what was happening. Placing his hand on Noir, Ray calmed her down. "Keep your aura in, don't let them feel your energy."

Noir listened to her master and complied by staying by his side. In fact she was so calm, she decided to just lay there on the floor until the whole thing was over.

The reason for Ray doing this and not getting involved was because he wanted the Redwings to get better. Eventually Ray would become a dragon, no longer living amongst the humans. The group of people he built up would have to defend themselves from different and new threats.

He also couldn't watch every single one of them individually all the time.

Focusing and hearing the sound of the beasts, the army started to swing wildly into the fog, but it wasn't helping at all. The only one that seemed to do decently was Jack, as he relied on his nose to find where the beast were.

The rest of the army was in a panic.

"This fog, it will be the death of us all if we don't get rid of it." Lenny thought. "Van! Van! Answer me boy where are you?"

"Over here!" Van shouted back.

Running in the direction of the sound, Lenny had arrived by Van's side.

"In this fog I think using your crystal should be able to get rid of it." Lenny said.

"But how, the crystal can only attack those infected by the Shadow."

"Exactly, I think the mist itself is a type of beast, it's alive, moving when we move, flowing and changing direction."

Holding the crystal, it started to light up, and the white light shot into the fog, but it did nothing. It simply went through it, temporally causing a gap for them to see, but soon would be covered once again.

"I can't help," Van said helplessly.

"Yes you can!" Lenny shouted back. "You need to focus, so far you have only used the crystal one way, but it's only there to help you channel your powers. You now need to focus, try to get the crystal to spread the power outward around you. Spread it thin and get rid of this whole thing."

Hearing the sounds of screams coming from one of the soldiers, Van was determined.

"I'll try." Van replied. He gripped the crystal and slowly the white aura this time started to light up around his whole body. He had a heavenly glow that looked like a sheet around him.

"Good, now store up that energy, and blast it outward in all directions."

"Damn it, it went through!' Flynn shouted.

At that moment, one of the wild dogs had broken through past them all, and was running straight for Van. The beast was fast, too fast for Lenny to act.

"Noir." Ray said.

Opening its eyes and waking up from its sleep, Noir suddenly disappeared from Ray's side. The beast was seen leaping through the air and the next second it had disappeared. Lenny looked around but he couldn't see where the beast had gone, nor what happened to it.

"Is it still here?" Lenny said.

Inside Noir's jaws, the beast was dead and by Ray's side once again.

"Good girl." Ray said.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 500: White stone power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With nothing to distract Van, he was able to focus. Now he knew that at any time Ray was able to defend him, it allowed him to relax more and get comfortable. Once again, white light surrounded his body, and it started to grow outward. The white light around him was visibly shaking as if it was trying to control its power, ready to explode.

"Be careful," Lenny said. "I would hate to die ourselves when you are simply trying to get rid of the mist."

"Don't worry, for some reason, I know what I'm doing," Van replied, when he opened his eyes, they were fully white and he unleashed the power of the white stone. Like a ripple, it shot out in all directions around him.

The white power went right through Lenny, doing him no harm, and it was same for the rest and the knights. As it went past the beast infected by the shadow. It started to disintegrate their bodies just like the regular power Van would emit from the stone.

However, as soon as the white light touched Ray's skin. He felt a burning sensation. Quickly, he had ordered Noir and she grew in size. Riding her, he was able to outrun the white light until it eventually stopped.

'What was that, I'm affected by Van's power as well?' Ray thought. Taking off the gauntlet from his arm, he could see a burn mark on his forearms and it seemed like his body was struggling with healing it.

He didn't know why, but just like the beast infected by the shadow, he was affected by the crystal and Van's power. He had to make note and be careful of that from now on.

With the mist and creatures gone, it was finally safe for the group to travel once more. This time they were more cautious. Already experiencing one attack, they expected more to come. But it never did.

The terrain started to change and as they exited the large empty fields, they entered what looked like a large forest. The trees and roots themselves were wide and large enough for all of them to walk on. It looked like a forest that was built for giants.

It sometimes made terrain difficult for them to go across. Once in a while, they needed to climb over some of the giant roots and this seemed to tire out the soldiers more than fighting the beasts.

Eventually, as it started to get dark, they decided it was time to rest. After all, with the trees it blocked most of the moonlight, making it nearly impossible for the others to see clearly. They took cover under one of the large trees and between two large roots. Only allowing for the enemy to come from one direction, or they would have to climb over the large roots by either side.

The tents were set up, and they were resting peacefully.

Inside the large tent, Van was admiring his crystal. Every day it seemed he was getting better control of it and learning something new. He was thankful he was given such a special thing in the first place. If he never had it, he felt like he would have been useless in the journey.

Entering his tent was Kyle, and he could see Van, looking at the crystal up in the air carefully.

"Hold on to that well, little prince," Kyle said. "As if she was your first love."

"I will," Van replied. "I'll make sure that the beasts and Dark guild will never get their hands on this."

"That would be fine," Kyle replied. "If that was all we had to worry about."

"Are you talking about Harry?' Van said.

Kyle wasn't the only one that noticed Harry's strange actions. A lot of them had spent a long time with him. Years, and Van had been by his side in the last war, yet his actions were completely strange.

"I fear, he may be the as-"

"Maybe the what?" Harry said, standing right behind Kyle.

Stepping back and getting away, Kyle placed his hand on the hilt of his sword. He feared that there would be a repeat of last time.

'Why is he always around me, and when no one else is here!' Kyle wanted to shout out and complain.

"I thought I already taught you a lesson last time, and yet you continue to talk behind my back?" Harry replied.

"What is wrong with you!" Kyle shouted. "Can't you see yourself you have changed?"

At that moment, something else entered the tent, but it wasn't human, it was a wolf, Noir. She looked at Harry and snarled a little.

Seeing this, Harry decided to leave the tent, not causing any more trouble.

Kyle decided that day that he would sleep next to Van, and Van was thankful for that as well.? Everyone knew that he would be a prime target and even more so now that his powers were growing with the stone.

In the morning, when all the soldiers had gathered, Martha came down from above with her Harpy wings.

"I have some news to inform everyone," Martha said. "When I was scouting this morning to see how far we had left to get to the fortress, I spotted Monk and their group."

"He appears to have many members of the Dark guild with him, and they are heading the same way as we are. They're not too far from us at this very moment. Essentially, the two of us are in a race, but we should be careful."

"At any moment, the two of us could go into battle." She explained.

But there was a bit more than that Martha wasn't telling them, for she had actually spoken to Monk when she saw him, but for now, she would keep the two of their discussions a secret.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 501: A deal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Learning that Monk and his army were not too far from them, unsettled them a little. They had only gathered a small force after all, for this type of expedition. They also knew that there was a chance that a fight might breakout, but not a full out war, not yet at least.

The only thing that seemed to unsettle the nerves of the others so far, was the fact that the leaders were walking ahead confidently, and Ray, their king was there. Not just a king, but the Red dragon Sen. At first it seemed like a frightening thing.

To have your leader be the one that caused so much trouble for the entire continent of Bronzeland, but soon they came to realize that Ray was on their side. This person that the whole content couldn't take out, was leading them into war.

Eventually, the inevitable happens and after climbing on top of another large route, on to the other side, Monk and his army could be seen. This time he was wearing even better armour than before, it had a certain fine touch in craftsmanship. It was mainly black in colour with a purple tint. What most dark guild members wore, but it didn't look like regular beast gear, as all the rough edges seemed to be carved out of it.

"Looks like someone got a promotion," Kyle commented, it was more based on how fancy he looked.

Behind him, there were around one hundred or so Dark guild members. The Red dragons looked at each other nervously.

Although, to their surprise when Monk had spotted them, he started to walk towards them casually, it was as if he didn't have any intention of attacking them at all, when he got midway, Monk stopped.

"So, have you taken into consideration what we talked about earlier Martha?" Monk asked.

This turned a lot of heads, Martha had already confirmed she had seen the camp, but mentioned no such thing about meeting up with them.

'No, is Martha the one actually betraying us?' Kyle thought, looking at Harry to see if there was any reaction from him at all, but he just had this cold look on his face.

"I can explain, honestly I was hoping this situation would be avoided in the first place." Martha explained. "I thought if we left early, we might not end up bumping into them. When I was hovering above, Monk had approached me and wanted to make a type of deal.

"Right now, they are heading to the same fortress as us, and both parties have the same goal. To research what happened there and what. To make things a little interesting, Monk proposed another Duel. A one vs one battle and the winner would stay behind in the large forest for three days, while the other group could investigate."

"Why didn't you tell us this then?" Jack asked.

"Well, because for one, as I said before, I thought that perhaps we would get to the fortress before them, as for the second reason, there was a condition put in for the duel. That Ray was not allowed to participate."

The proposal was a strange one, but when Ray looked at his people, he could see many of them were afraid by the fact that they would have to fight against a larger army. This was a good solution to avoid both sides clashing when there was no need to.

With a quick look of his dragon eyes, he also noticed that none of these dark guild members were infected by the shadow. So it would just be humans killing other humans.

"A three day advantage would do us greatly." Lenny said. "We will be able to discover whatever it was that destroyed the fortress, and perhaps use this against the shadow."

"Yes, but that is only if we win, and we can't even use our strongest person in the duel." Martha replied back.

The group discussed it a bit more, and finally came to the conclusion that they would accept the duel. At the end of the day, saving lives was most important to them, and this duel would do just that, however, they did have their own condition to make.

Martha walked out to the front, to give the condition.

"Since Ray won't be fighting, then we request that you, Monk the leader, won't be fighting either."

"Fine." Monk said with no hesitation. 'I shall choose my best man, Tower." Monk called over.

Out from the Dark guild members, a large man that was as thick as a large tree trunk and wielded a two handed axe came over.? Standing opposite Martha, he really did look like a tower.

"And who will Tower be facing?" Monk asked.

Going back to the other, they need more time to try and choose who.

"Why don't you go for it Kyle?" Harry suggested. 'You did so well on the last duel, and you have been telling everyone you are our kingdom's best swordsman, I think you would be a great choice."

Kyle was starting to wonder what he had even done to get on Harry's bad side.

"Are you still holding a grudge because I betted on you in the All kingdom tournament?" Kyle asked.

"Only someone as idiotic as you would hold a grudge for something so simple like that." Harry snapped back.

"Will you two cool it!' Martha said, jumping in between.

"Fine, I'll go and win this duel, just like I did before." Kyle said, taking the black raven and walking towards the centre.

It seems like Harry's constant taunts had gotten the better of him.

"Just a remind to everyone." Monk said. "That you should not jump into a duel like this one, even if you think there will be death."

This comment in particular was aimed towards Ray, as everyone knew he had jumped in before.

****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 502: Something to prove
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Duels were a good way for kingdoms to resolve issues without going to war. They were sacred arguments between kingdoms and even the Empire complied with them and whatever the result of them would be. This was one of the reasons why the Darkguild members were keeping on Ray.

He had interfered with the last duel, and even the own Redwing army who saw him do such a thing thought it was a little scummy. It was considered such a dishonorable act that if Ray was to do the same thing again, then there was a chance many in the army would choose to no longer follow him.

This time, he didn't get involved in Kyle's fight like he did before. Katy made him aware of all these things. Thankfully, Ray seemed to not care too much. However the thought did cross his mind of why he should care what everyone thought of him, if he wanted to save a friend then he would do so. It was stupid to stick to such things.

Kyle stood in the middle on top of the thick tree root, while Tower was also there with his two handed axe. He gripped tightly around it as if he was ready to pounce at any moment. If one was to take a quick glance at the two of them, they would have thought Kyle had no chance of winning.

At each side of the root, stood opposite each other were the two armies.

"Ready?" Tower asked in a heavy low voice.

"Come on." Kyle replied.

Wanting to start off strong and show confidence to those that were supporting him, Kyle stood there still focusing his Ki into his blade. Tower had lifted his large axe over his head and slammed it down as hard as he could.

It would have been anyone's natural instinct to dive out of the way and avoid the attack, however Kye wanted to prove a point. He dug in his two feet into the ground and was ready to take the blow.

'With my improved Ki from the basting process this should be a piece of cake!' Kyle thought. When the axe collided with his sword he was in for an unpleasant surprise.

He was immediately knocked off from his feet and overpowered, falling to the ground. Using every bit of strength he had, he stopped the axe from slicing through his neck, eventually creating a striking force with his Ki. Kyle pushed the axe to one side and was back on his feet.

When he landed though he noticed his left foot was in great pain.

'Seriously?'

It didn't go unnoticed by the others either. Kyle had hurt his foot taking the first initial blow. Against a large man who was more powerful than himself, there was one only thing he could have used which was his speed. The black sash knight footwork relied on it.

Tower was charging towards Kyle again and he knew he couldn't take another hit like the first one. He had been an idiot having underestimated the Darkguild member. Of course they would have sent someone out strong for such an important matter.

For some reason, he just felt like he wanted to prove to everyone, including Harry, that his duel against Gary wasn't a fluke. Knowing full well he couldn't move as he would have been able to do, he needed to wait until the last moment. When the axe fell, Kyle moved his head and body, swaying to the side, only moving his foot a little.

Then with Tower's body wide open, he flung his blade out. Due to the sheer size of Tower, the only place he could hit him was his chest, which was the largest target. The sword bounced off, flinging backwards and the large man didn't even flinch.

'Damn it! I can't put my full strength behind my attacks!' Kyle complained.

But that wasn't the only reason. Kyle's weapons were only at the advanced level. To not even cause a scratch even with Ki meant that the armour Tower had been wearing, must have been one of good quality.

Turning around with his fist, Tower had hit Kyle on the head and knocked him on the ground, Kyle quickly got up readying himself, still trying to bare through the pain located in his ankle. He was unsure if it was broken or not, but he was supplying a certain amount of Ki to the area trying to fix it.

If he could delay the fight and heal his ankle in time, then maybe he had a chance. A flurry of attacks came from the axe and Tower was swinging it about at a speed that should have been cable only for a man half his size.

It took everything for Kyle to continually diffract the attacks away, each time hurting his foot more. Eventually a larger hit had knocked Kyle onto his back again, and the axe looked like it was about to swing down on his head.

"Do you concede?" Tower asked. "I do not wish to kill a man if I do not have to, and I can see you are injured."

Kyle had lost. After bragging so much to everyone, after thinking he could be relied upon, everyone had seen him lose and he could see the smile on Harry's face. That was the worst part of it all. He wondered if he should continue the fight even though he knew he would lose, but then there was a chance he could die.

Gritting his teeth, he was no fool, he would live to fight another day.

"I am the loser of this fight, the Redwings have lost." Kyle replied.

The loss meant that the Redwings would have to remain behind for three days, to allow Monk and his team to go ahead with their investigation.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 503: Sadness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"This is the start of many losses for the Redwing kingdom!" Monk shouted as he went off and marched forward with his army.

Ray was tempted to walk forward and forget about the deal they had just made, but the others reminded him if he was to ignore the outcome of the battle, then they would lose respect for him as a leader and as a person. A true person kept their word, and a king was expected to do so more.

With nothing else to do, the group decided to camp there and then, they would not be moving for three days after all. They pitched their tents up, only having moved a few hundred meters from their last spot. This time it was on top of the tree root, up against the trunk of the tree.

After being in the giant forest for a few days, they realised that they hadn't run into many beasts. They were unsure if this was due to what happened at the fortress or perhaps something else altogether, but it made them more comfortable with camping out in the open like they were doing.

When night came, the soldiers did the only thing they could do, drink and eat. However, Kyle hadn't spoken to anyone. He had grabbed a large bottle of wine and headed off away from the others to sit on his own at the edge of the root, looking down.

The four young knights seeing this, went ahead to speak to him, wishing to comfort him.

"You did well in that fight, Master Kyle." Flynn was the first to say as he bowed down.

Kyle took a big swig from the wine bottle, glanced in their direction, and carried on drinking. That was when Wendy noticed that there was another empty bottle by his side.

"I think it would be best if you were to take it easy on the drinking." Wendy suggested. 'There might be a time where we need you to fight."

This made Kyle chuckle.

"Need me, do you think this kingdom needs me? Look at me, I lost one fight and now I'm being ordered around by a young knight."

"I think you fought very well in that fight." Claire added. "If you didn't take that initial blow in the beginning you would have been able to use your full strength, and would have won."

"But I didn't win," Kyle snapped back. "And because of that, we are all here in this strange situation."

"Don't worry, I'm sure there will be a chance where you can prove yourself in battle." Flynn encouraged him. "Maybe you might meet the giant man again, and beat him yourself."

"Maybe," Kyle mumbled.

The kids didn't know what to do. It was clear Kyle was depressed but none of their words were getting through to him. Then, unexpected footsteps were heard coming towards them, and when they looked at who it was, they could see it was Van.

In his hand, he had a ppuch and he was handing it over to Kyle.

"More wine?" Kyle asked.

"Take it, it's orange juice." Van said.

"I think I will do just fine with the wine, young prince."

"You need to stop feeling sorry for yourself and move on from this. Sitting here won't change the outcome. Trust me, I know better then anyone." Van thought back about how he had spent years mulling over Amy's death, how he had felt like it was his fault.

During that time, he had done nothing to fix that, nothing to stop it from happening again.

"I see the prince has found a new set of balls, now that he has the white stone. You know you probably still would be nothing without that?"

"Kyle, Prince Van has saved us, even from the Dragon. He is only trying to comfort you." Wendy complained, noticing that Kyle's remarks had gone too far.

"You can sit here and feel sorry for yourself, or you can do something about it. Train and keep fighting so you never lose again." Van said walking off, and the kids decided to follow him.

They didn't know who this was, but it was not the Kyle they were used to.

When they all went to sleep that night, Van did so feeling nervous as he did every night. He was the one who held the white stone and there was an assassin out there. Because of this, one of the Red wing leaders would be asked to keep guard outside the leaders large tent while the others slept.

Finding it hard to fall asleep, Van looked around to see who was in the tent, his eyes hovering over Harry for a second who seemed to be asleep. He had recently been acting very odd around Kyle. Although, at least that was what Kyle claimed.

The others that had spoken to Harry thought he was no different, Lenny had said he had seen instances of Harry acting weirdly but the others couldn't see it. Still, it was an option that he could be the assassin.

The only one that wasn't in the room was Kyle, who was outside on guard duty. Van didn't know how much he had to drink and was hoping he just hadn't fallen asleep. With the use of Ki, one could get rid of the effects of alcohol, but that was only if they wished it.

After glancing outside and seeing Kyle stood upright, Van decoded to go to sleep. In the middle of the night, he started to feel incredibly weak.

He felt a hand pressed up against his mouth and he was jolted awake. However, he couldn't move his body. At first he was unsure whether it was a dream ro not, but when he looked around he could see that everyone was in the tent just like him.

"Thank you for that little pep talk you had with me earlier," The man on top of him said.

Trying to assess the situation, Van finally had a clear look at who was on top of him, it was Kyle.

Moving his finger tips, Van tired to reach for the white stone in his pouch to see if there was anything he could do.

"I already took the white stone, so don't think about trying to use it, oh and if you're wondering why I'm doing all this. It's because I'm the assassin you have all been looking for." Said Kyle.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 504: Not the target
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is Kyle talking about?' Van thought, while at the same time he was wondering if his life was soon about to end.

When had Kyle been possessed by the Shadow? He thought. Was it after his fight with Gary? Or? when the Dragon bones were discovered. If he was the assassin, then it meant he was also the one that was responsible for killing the Redwing members.

It was just so hard to believe that someone that close to their inner circle, was working for the shadow the whole time. Although it also wasn't the first time. Did Kyle lose the fight against the large man on purpose? Now everything that Kyle had done so far seemed suspicious.

'How come he couldn't heal his leg with Ki? Why did he decide to take the first attack head on?'

Whatever the case, right now all Van wanted to do was live. However, he came to realise that his fighting skills were weak. This whole time he had been relying on his magic and the white stone. As a mage, the second the enemy got close to you it was over, in a way, an assassin type class was the most dangerous for mages.

"The Redwings will lose this war." Kyle said.

"I knew it was you." A voice from behind said.

Turning around, Kyle had no choice but to release the hold he had on Van, and twisted his body in such a way, so his legs were now up by where his head was. With the beast gear on his shin, his leg had clashed against a sword and stopped the attack, balancing himself with one hand on the ground.

Getting away he quickly drew the black raven sword.

"You have been a pain in my backside this whole time, following me wherever I go!" Kyle shouted, annoyed.

Van, now able to breathe and move, could see who had just saved his life. It was Harry.

"Everyone, wake up, we're being attacked!" Van shouted at the top of his lungs.

The cry had woken up the others up,half asleep, they were looking at what was going on in front of them. They could only see Harry, with his two blade's drawn and Kyle.

"Lenny, it's Harry, he's been taken over by the shadow he's the assassin, he just tried to kill Van." Kyle shouted. "I'll go protect him."

Kyle dashed towards Van, and Harry was ready to stop him, but due to Kyle's allegations, Lenny had acted using his glowing magic hands to restrain and hold Harry.

"You have it all wrong, protect Van. Kyles the assassin!" Harry shouted back, not wanting to hurt Lenny.

A smile appeared on Kyle's face, and it looked like his plan had worked. During his time he knew there would be a point where he would be revealed. Yet, there was one person who was suspicious and on his back constantly, so his plan was to turn everyone against that person, Harry.

However, Harry had great trust with the others since the last war, the only one that he was able to convince was Lenny, but it looked like it would be enough for now.

Still, there was one more person who was not convinced.

"Leave him, Kyle is the one infected by the shadow." Ray said.

He didn't know how, but this whole time he was able to hide it from him, but attacking Van, he must have used some powers of the shadow to do so, to make him imobile. Now when using the dragon eyes, the dark shadow could be seen around his body.

Kyle was fast already, and he was faster than he used to be now with the assistance of the shadow. Van tried to run away but it was useless. Kyle swirled behind him, and twisted one of his hands, while grabbing hold of the other.

Then the crystal was placed into Van's hand while Kyle gripped over his.

"What are you doing?" Van said trying to struggle free, but he was not a user of Ki, and Kyle was. The struggle was beyond useless.

"My aim was never your life young prince, but his." Kyle said.

Channelling his own Ki into Van's body, he was able to assist him into using his own mana into the crystal. Van didn't understand what was going on, many people didn't. As they were unaware of the fact that Ki and Mana were the same type of energy.

The crystal started to glow and a bright white light of energy came shooting out towards Ray. The power from the crystal wasn't something that could be blocked with Ki or magic, so Ray had no choice but to avoid it. Running away and breaking out of the tent.

"Kyle stop it!" Martha shouted. "You're going to kill him."

The beam continued to follow him and the range started to get wider.

'I could summon Noir to go round the back and get him, but there is a chance she could also be affected by the beam.' Ray thought.

"No please stop, I don't want to do this!" Van shouted.

"Can't you see how afraid he is of your power. Just like the shadow, your powers have determined he is something that shouldn't exist on this earth. Get rid of him!" Kyle shouted.

Finally, the white beam of light seemed to have hit Ray, and he soon slowed down, feeling weak, a burning sensation was felt going over his whole body.

"I can't, I can't die again!"Ray shouted.

Kyle started to laugh, but soon, it was cut short as a great pain was felt in his side. It started to feel warm.

"I'm sorry old friend." Harry said. "You have been with us, been with Ray and everyone from the beginning. You have done a lot for us. But, we need Ray alive."

With his other blade, a cut was made towards his head and it rolled onto the floor. Suddenly the white light had stopped, but all the Redwing leaders looked towards the centre in horror.

Kyle was dead, and there was no healing him for this one.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 505: A close death
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A hole had been made through the large tent from when Ray was attempting to escape from the white? stone attacks. It had managed to hit for a few seconds. His skin was red raw and started to flake off, eventually as the skin fell off his normal colour had returned.

'The white light stopped.' Ray thought. The pain from the attack was far worse than he imagined. It was no wonder that the attack had managed to kill the fake dragon from before. While the white stone helped them greatly, it was a reminder that it could also be used against Ray.

Once he had recovered, he decided to head back into the tent. When he entered he noticed that the other Redwing leaders were standing around something in the centre, as Ray walked in they made way for him with their head held down in shame.

That's when Ray saw Kyle's dead body on the floor. He stood there staring at it for a while not saying a word. They imagined that this was quite tough on him. Kyle had been one of the original black sashes with him, just like Gary and Monk.

And now out of the original black sash members, he was the last one that had not succumbed to the shadow.

"I'm sorry Ray, but I had no choice." Harry started to explain. He was the only one speaking but seeing how Ray was acting he had to say something, he felt like he needed to explain himself. "I saw Kyle before with the dragon bones on his own and he had a strange look, but I knew it would be hard to out him. So I decided to try and make everyone think I was cursed.

"I was never planning to kill him, but Ray you would have-"

Ray raised his hand, he could tell by the shakiness in Harry's voice his words were genuine. The two of them in the past were good friends, everyone was and they had been through so much together.

The others were even wondering how Sylvia would deal with the bad news.

Calling Noir, Ray picked up Kyle's body and placed it on her, he then ordered her to run back to Avrion. He would be the one to inform Sylvia, but he thought it would be best for Kyle to be buried at Avrion, not in some random forest.

Ray didn't say anything, but they wondered what to do as they couldn't just stay there in the tent doing nothing. So Martha had taken temporary charge, as even Harry still seemed a little out of it.

She had decided that it was best to give Ray space and as the others went to check up on the rest of the knights, while Lenny continued to keep a keen eye on Harry. Even though he had said Kyle was under the influence of the shadow and he was not, Lenny didn't believe that fully.

After all, there were still some strange things that Harry had done from time to time, and the skin colour change was unusual and needed to be explained somehow.

With Ray being left to his own thoughts, he sat on the ground and started to meditate, feeling the Ki around his body. He hadn't done this in a long time, it was something he used to do often when Von had taught him the principals of Ki a long time ago.

Why can't I stop the shadow from doing as it wishes?' Ray thought. 'It continues to infect those close to me, even though I am right by their side.'

Thinking about his faults and what he could do to stop this from happening in the future, he realised that he was relying far too much on his dragon eyes. Somehow, the shadow more than once had been able to avoid it's detection. He had confidence in his powers and in the end this was his ultimate downfall.

"Can I come in?" Martha asked.

Ray nodded and stopped meditating, wondering what Martha was coming in to say.

"Ray I just want to tell you, I've been down this rabbit hole just as you have. You can't blame yourself for what's going on." Martha said. "And just a friendly reminder to you, there are still two people out there that we need to bring back. I still haven't given up on that."

Without letting Ray reply, she had left the room.

It was a short and sweet message, and it made him realise that he was thinking about things too much. In his head somewhere along the way, he had decided that both of those people were already gone, but there weren't. There was a chance for him to fix his past mistakes.

Standing up, Ray left the tent and in a booming voice yelled,

"Everyone please gather and pack up your things." Ray shouted as everyone wondered what was going on, but they decided to do as he said. They were wondering if they would be returning to the fortress where they came.

After all, they had seen the enemy and they had outnumbered them. It would make sense after what had happened for them to return.

When everyone was packed up Ray started to move forward in the direction of where Monk and the others had gone.

"Come on, we're heading to that fortress. The duel is void. They must have known that Monk was infected by the shadow. There was no honour in that duel and we will make them pay for what they have done." Ray said. "If you have a problem with what I am planning to do, then it's best you leave now."

However, not a single one of them had a complaint and instead smiled. The small Redwing army was off as they played catchup with Monk's group.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 506: A ghost
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Ray's order the group had set off chasing behind Monk towards the fortress. They had some catching up to do and in truth it was unlikely they would get to the fortress before them. Still, the longer they allowed them to investigate on their own, the higher chance they had of finding something and hiding it from Ray and the others.

Ray could have gone ahead of the others using Noir, but with what had just happened, he was worried. He worried that it might have been part of their plan all along. They were still in the shadow continent territory. They had eyes everywhere and probably even knew what they were doing now.

If Ray left these people, there was a chance that was when they would spring an attack up on them. He also didn't want the same incident to happen as before.

"Damn it." Flynn said as he stopped to stomp the ground in anger. "I can't believe it, how could Kyle be the traitor, how was he taken over by the shadow? I don't understand, he was always looking over us, he had the chance to kill us at any time so why didn't he?"

"Many strong knights and people get taken over by the shadow." Wendy said, trying to comfort him. "It also happened to Gary and Monk."

"But that's different, Kyle was with us for so long. And what about Harry? I heard he was the one who had actually killed Kyle. Isn't he still suspicious, he could be making everything up."

The kids hadn't seen what had happened in the leaders tent that day, since they had slept in their own tents. The only ones that were aware of what Kyle had done were the leaders themselves, and the information had been passed down from them.

"You can hate me if you want." Harry said, slowing down his pace and matching his speed with the kids. "Trust me I understand how you feel, this is the first time someone close to me has been affected by the shadow.? It can happen to anyone, when I touched those dragon bones, I knew there was something that was trying to take over me. Unfortunately most of its power must have already been used on Kyle.

"You have to be careful, the shadow is able to feed and bring out some of our darkest desires and use that against us. Maybe Kyle wished to improve his swordsmanship and back sash night skills, so he tested it out on fellow knights in the middle of the night. Perhaps Kyle had some type of jealousy against Van, and was why he had tried to kill the prince.

"The problem is sometimes, it is hard for us to tell what is an action that has been influenced by the shadow. It's hard to tell whether these extreme actions were genuine, or actions from the shadow itself, using Kyle like a puppet."

"Kyle's not a puppet." Flynn mumbled, disregarding everything that Harry had just said. They were just young knights, children at the end of the day.

"Take this as a lesson." Lenny said joining in. "Anyone can be affected by the shadow at any point and time. No one is immune to it. Did you know, even the old dragon knights of Avrion were affected. How do you think they were defeated?

"The divine being had given them power, knowledge and even powerful weapons. In the end, when infected by the shadow, all of those things that had been given to them was used against Avrion."

The kids knew about the old dragon knights' well and so did the Redwing army. It was a story told to them all as they attempted to become knights. At the time it was the only hope the human race had against defeating the shadow, and they had even managed to hold them back from attacking further.

Although up until today they had never heard that their defeat was due to them being infected. None of the books would tell them stories of this, but it reminded them that Lenny perhaps wasn't lying, as he was one of the few people that were still alive during the time of the Dragon knights.

All of his experience and knowledge didn't come from books, but were known to him first hand.

"Kyle isn't coming back to us." Ray spoke. "What we need to focus on are those that are alive and make sure that another Kyle doesn't happen again."

After travelling for a full day, it was time for them to set up camp as they usually did. They were still in the giant forest, making them feel like ants and on edge. Still, they hadn't run into many beasts or any shadow beasts, or beasts at all apart from their first encounter.

This had made them feel a little safer at night. That night, when Ray was trying to get some sleep, he could hear a strange voice calling out to him.

He looked around the tent, but could see everyone was still asleep. Activating his dragon eyes, he could also see that the guards were standing outside and alive, no one looked to have been attacked or was dying.

Then, the strange voice was heard again, this time he realised that it wasn't his ears picking up the sound, it sounded like it was being directly projected in his head. Leaving the tent, Ray looked at the two guards who were wide awake, and it didn't seem like they had seen anything.

Now though, the voice calling to him was getting louder and he knew he wasn't imagining things. Following the voice, he had left the camp and now he could make out a few words.

"Over…here."

The voice said, still guiding him and then he could? see it. A dark shifty shadow in the shape of a human, hiding behind one of the giant trees.

Unsure if it was friend or foe, Ray proceeded cautiously. Then when the shadow dipped it's head out, Ray realised it wasn't exactly a shadow he was seeing. It was a ghost.

"Ray I don't have much time, I'm here to warn you." Kyle said.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 507: Behind the shadow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking at Kyle's body, he seemed to be glowing, and when looking down at his feet, he was a few inches off the ground, hovering in place. His body could be seen through and although his energy felt alive, it was spilling around rapidly. disappearing by the second.

It was clear that Ray was talking to a dead body, or a spirit. He never had the ability to speak to the dead before. There were some people who claimed they could, but it was hard to tell if they were telling the truth or not. But this was a world full of magic, and reincarnation. In some cases , it looked like the shadow was attempting to bring back the dead, so this came as only a small surprise.

"Ray, you're upset aren't you, you think it's your fault?" Kyle said. "I used all my energy and all my will to come to you, so I could thank you. When one is possessed by the shadow, it is not how others think. You freed me from my pain.

"Even though I was being controlled by the shadow to do it's bidding, I was aware of everything I was doing at the time. I've been hurting Ray, hurting ever since I killed those from the Red wings. The whole time I was begging for someone to find out what I was doing and stop me. I'm happy Harry had figured it out.

"More than anything though Ray, I want to say I'm happy that I was able to work under you. Work with you as a friend. I don't have time to tell you my sob story, but I'm sure you can imagine what life was like for me living as a red haired boy. We all do, but because of you, our lives were better at the academy. Some of the best memories of my whole life were made there.

"Why am I telling you all this? Because I don't want you to feel bad. When you kill those that have been possessed by the shadow, you are doing them a favour, don't hesitate Ray, otherwise I'm afraid we could lose this war."

When Ray found out Kyle had died, he didn't know what to feel. Should he have felt sad, but Ray had only known Kyle for seventeen years. It was a very tiny part of his life, yet for some reason something felt missing when he knew Kyle was gone.

Having this talk eased him, and he finally realised why he felt a little empty. It wasn't the fact that Kyle had died, many people had died that he knew in his life, it was the fact that he wasn't able to say goodbye.

"Thank you Kyle." Ray said with a smile. The energy started to disappear into the wind from Kyle's body quickly. Seeing this, Ray remembered he wanted to ask something.

"When you were possessed by the shadow, did you see anything? Who was controlling you, what was controlling you?" Ray asked, knowing that when he had touched the dragon bones, he had a certain vision.

"That's right," Kyle said. "I don't know if this is related to you in any way, but I saw a black dragon. The information, the commands, everything I was receiving was going back to a black dragon, and I'm not talking about a dragon like the one that had attacked us at the fortress, I'm talking about a real dragon."

It was more information then Ray was expecting.

"Thank you Kyle, you may go and rest now." Ray replied.

Soon, the transparent spirit form that Kyle had taken, was blowing off into the wind, and his body was no longer. There was no longer anyway for Ray to communicate with him further either.

'A black dragon.'

Ray thought long and hard, and it seemed to match up with the description that Ray was seeing. Images of his past would often appear at times. His head would usually pound and when it did, it was always about the dragons of the old.

A time where dragons existed and were hunted by the humans. Wanting to create a safe haven for them, Ray had created a shelter swearing to protect them.

'Come to think of it, that's the only black dragon I know?' Ray thought.

At the settlement, there was one dragon that was there. A young black dragon who had been saved by Ray when he was a dragon. It was an injured baby dragon who had lived at the settlement he created.

'That guy used to try and follow me everywhere.' Ray thought.

However, there was a slim chance that dragon and him were related. One time when Ray had returned to the settlement, all the dragons there had been killed by the humans.

'Wait, did I see the black dragon's body?' Ray was now unsure.

It was so long ago that it had happened, when he returned, he tried to see if he could spot anyone alive. He checked with his magical powers but had found no one. But he didn't make note of those dragons that had been killed at the time.

He was far too filled with rage to think straight.

"Is it possible that the young dragon survived? It would make sense, if the humans attacked the camp and killed everyone, it would be a reason for all the hatred. A reason for why the black dragon would want to destroy the human race just like…."

Ray realised the thoughts that he once harboured for the human race, and only now was he considering the possibility that the whole shadow plague was started by a dragon. One that he knew.

'Is this what he meant when he said he knew me?'

Still, there were questions that remained unanswered if it was true. Why wait until Ray had been defeated, why so long after. What was his plan after this and why not just speak to Ray in person?

There was only one thing Ray could do, was ask the person behind the shadow themselves face to face, he felt like he was getting closer to the truth, and soon this would all end.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 508: Not just white light
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Continuing their journey they were moving at a fast pace. They needed to try to make up time for what they had already lost after all, but still, they also needed to be cautious. The shadow most likely knew what it was doing, and with Monk up ahead it gave them ample time to have everything reported to them.

By now, they would have known that their spy was already dead. It was quite possible that along the way, multiple traps had been set up to slow down the Redwings even further. Because of this, Ray made Noir scout up ahead and she would return to report back if there was anything wrong.

Which was why, the others got a little worried when they could see her returning back, coming to Ray's side.

Ray looked at her and listened to what she had to say.

'Master, master, up ahead there is a village. I didn't get in too close just like you told me to, but it looks like there are many people that are dead.'

Ray and Noir could communicate through a special link, where she could now speak into her mind. She was just as smart as a regular human, and understood the language well, but she could not communicate with the others, and only Ray.

'Humans, living in the shadow continent area and not beasts?' Ray asked, a little confused.

"What's wrong?" Martha asked, as she could see it looked like Noir had just told him something that seemed odd.

"Noir tells me that up ahead there is a small village, the only thing is it's full of people that have already been killed." Ray replied.

"Any survivors?" Lenny asked.

"I made sure she didn't go in too deep on her own, incase of an ambush." Ray replied.

"It could be the dark guild family members." said Harry..

"What makes you think that?" Martha replied. "Even if that was the case, isn't it odd that they would have died. The dark guild is working with the shadow so they shouldn't have had to have dealt with any surprise beast attacks, unless it was a third force or possibly Monk, but he is now the acting leader of the dark guild anyway."

"I think we have to rethink the way we look at the dark guild." Harry replied. "The dark guild and the shadow aren't as closely related as we first thought. They are just regular humans like us with their own stories and families, who have chosen to work with the shadow. Most of them believe in the shadow as a type of god, just like we do of the Divine being.

"They feel like they have just chosen the winning side in this war, and hope to live peacefully after this. When I was captured by them I learnt a lot about them. I would say there is a chance some of them no longer wish to work for the shadow, especially after they saw us defeat one of their fortresses, and now a second one has seemingly been destroyed.

"Perhaps some of them are now having second thoughts on who will win this war, If the shadow were to find out this fact.'

"Then it would order the beasts to kill every single last one of them." Lenny said.

It was a horrible thing to think about, but this was war, and death was a part of it. They all had to remember that sometimes when they fought and killed dark guild members, they too had families they would no longer be going back to.

But just as much, if they didn't kill them, then their families could be the ones getting hurt instead.

Not wishing to go around the village as they were afraid it would take up more time, the group decided to carry on right through it, at the same time, they thought that they might be able to do a little investigating of their own.

There was a slight problem Ray was experiencing though, the deeper he got into the shadow continent, the stronger the shadow itself was. His dragon vision was only showing him the shadow power in all directions, all over the place. Soon it looked like he wouldn't even be able to sense those in front of him that clearly.

When they had reached the village, this had become even more apparent as he couldn't see who was alive and quite possibly who was dead.

Checking the bodies, the village seemed to be filled with ordinary people. They did not wear beast armour or had weapons on them. They thought of using whatever household items they could find.

It was surprising for many of the Redwings to learn humans actually still lived in the shadow continent, however the more alarming thing was the fact that the blood of the bodies was still fresh.

"Everyone stay alert!" Ray said. "Whatever attacked them could still be here."

And it seemed like Ray was right. Snarling sounds from all over could be heard, and the Redwing group started to gather in the centre. Van was placed in the middle of the circle.

Coming out from behind the houses, out of the giant large trees, were several hounds, Although these were several times bigger then regular hounds, and they were in quite the large pack.

At a single look it looked as if all of these were at the king tier level, and with the shadow powering them they would be even stronger.

"No wonder the people stood no chance." Flynn said.

"Van can you do what you did before?" Lenny asked.

Straight away, Van got to work pulling out the white stone, and he aimed to create a beam of energy that would spread and burn all those around them, still it would take some time, as the white stone would light up and fade.

Jack had turned into a werewolf, and got to work fighting the beasts in front, and so did the others , including Noir. Ray at this point, was making sure that the regular soldiers were safe. He could have gone out, and solo attacked a few of the beasts, but he realised that this would keep them open and with Van, the beast would soon be dealt with.

As soon as the white light could be seen, then it was Ray's signal to get out of there.

When the white stone was ready, Van held it up in the air, and it was ready to cause the pulsating attack, but it seemed like a few more beasts were in hiding, that Ray hadn't? sensed. Four of the giant hounds lept in at that moment, pushing a group of the soldiers and they had banged into Van, causing him to drop the white stone.

"You and your weak hands!" Harry shouted. "You should grip onto that thing like your life depends on it."

Seeing this, Ray thought it was no time to conserve his strength. They were in the shadow territory now, and Ray had no clue when they would meet a shadow guard, or perhaps the one behind the shadow itself. Perhaps it was even waiting for him to use up his power before attacking, so Ray wanted to reserve his energy.

However, not wanting another one of his men to die, he started to create clones of himself, and while they were busy fighting, he would cast giant spells, killing off the hounds, instantly with a single hit of large magic.

The fight was soon over thanks to Ray.

Searching for the crystal on the floor, Harry had picked it up, planning to return it to Van, but when he did, he noticed something strange. Picking up the crystal, a small reaction had occurred, the crystal lit up for a few seconds, but the colour wasn't white, it was slightly purple.

"Thank you Harry." Van said, as he held out his hand.

The colour had soon disappeared from the crystal. Harry looked at it again, and looked at Van. There was a moment before he reluctantly handed the crystal back.

"Hold onto it tightly next time, otherwise who knows whose hands it could end up in." Harry said.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 509: Deep Desire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After dealing with the unexpected beasts. The Red Wings decided to search the village to see if they could find any other humans that were still alive. Unfortunately, they found no survivors. The only thing they did find was that the attack had to have been done recently.

Through their investigation, they also found that the attacks on the humans looked to have been done by beasts.

"I guess that means it wasn't Monk and his gang." Martha said. "Maybe it was done by the same beasts that attacked us?"

"So are you saying they took another route?" Harry replied. "If so then maybe taking this path will get us to the other fortress quicker than we thought. We might be able to catch up to them still."

It was a shame but there wasn't much the Red wings could do, they wished to bury the dead families that they had found, but it would take up to much time, so instead. The bodies were piled up in the centre of the village and then burnt by Ray.

It was much more peaceful for them to pass on like this, rather than them be used as food for beasts. Even if beasts didn't come back to eat them, there was a chance the dead bodies could spread sickly diseases.

After finding out that there were still humans that lived in the Shadow continent, they started to think about these things a lot more.

They continued their travels and eventually they had reached the area where the smoke could be seen in the distance. Looking up above, there was what could only be described as several large swirling trees all stuck bunched up and stuck together, and beyond what they could see, was smoke. The signal that the fortress has been destroyed.

"Judging by the fact that we haven't run into Monk and his group yet, it would suggest that they have already reached the fortress." Lenny said.

"Fortress, I can't see any fortress?" Jack replied as he sniffed the air and looked around, and the rest did the same.

"This fortress used to belong to the Kindle kingdom." Lenny started to explain. "They were well known for having a strong defence so they built their fortress in this forest of giants, and they did so at the very top of these giant trees."

What was even more worrying for Ray, when looking at where the fortress was, was that on the other side of these giant trees was the edge of the forest. Everyone could see it, the weather once again changed once they would exit from this path, into the treacherous snowy mountains they once walked through before. If one was to fall from the very top and pushed on to the other side, they might never be found again.

At first Ray started to climb one of the trees, there was a clear path made from those that had walked before, and vines to help one pull themselves up. Soon he heard the tired huffs and puffs from those behind him.

The men including Katie were tired, they were worn out from the fast pace they had been going this whole time. They weren't superhuman like the others. They hadn't been partially infused with beasts.

There was the option of just the Redwing leaders going up, but Ray quickly dismissed that idea. He didn't want to split up the group at all. Not while in the shadow continent where beasts could come out from anywhere at any time.

"We will rest here at the bottom, that way we can see if Monk and the other group will leave. One more day won't hurt us." Said Ray.

Although no one wanted to show it, they were relieved as they started to pitch up tents and more to camp for the night. Getting closer they all had worries on their minds. Ray was concerned with what the shadow really was as he was getting closer.

Martha was still thinking if there was a way to get back Monk. Jack had dedication to Ray for helping him with his family troubles and now would help him out, and Van was busy worrying how the fate of the human race, was possibly in his hands with the white stone.

Harry was watching Van carefully, not just him but where the white stone was as well. His eyes glued on to the object, as he saw Van lie in his makeshift sleeping bag.

A sudden tap was felt on his shoulder, and he pulled his sword quickly but it was stopped, being hit back in his sheath before he could even take it out.

"Calm down." Ray said. "I just wanted to tell you to not be so obsessive or clear with your desires. I believe that the shadow is able to enter our hearts more easily based on how strong our desires are. Making promises of fulfilling them, it eventually enters us. Gary was too obsessed with strength to find his sister's killer and wanting to prove he was the best.

"Kyle, always feeling weak and blaming himself for not being able to help his friends. Eventually feeling self conscious and wanting to prove he could follow in the footsteps of them."

"Oh, and what's you desire Ray, I saw your memories, wasn't it at one point to kill all of humankind? Yet it didn't affect you. Don't worry Ray, the only thing I want to do is to make sure that people around here are doing their job properly. I fear that Van is hesitant when he uses the white stone. I understand he can control its powers due to his own power, but when I held it in my hand I…I.."

"You felt like you could do better?" Ray replied. "And this is why I worry about you. I don't want anyone else to fall into the shadow, right now my desire more than anything, is to make them pay for all the suffering I have had during my time as a human. Once my desire is done then I will leave everyone at peace to do as they wish."

With those words said, Ray walked off to go into his own deep slumber.

'Leave everyone? What are you thinking Ray, do you think this world will no longer need you when the shadow is gone. Once the shadow is gone, humans will just fight each other again. The humans need you more than you think Ray.'

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 510: Push and pull
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They were so close to the fortress that was high at the top of the giant tree that some of them wanted to climb up without the others and see what was up there at that very moment. But Ray had made it clear that it wasn't going to be an option.

They either all went up together, or not at all. It was clear that Monk and his party had reached the fortress before them. Originally, for losing the duel, if they had agreed to the terms they would have had three extra days to investigate. Due to their quick pace and the nights rest they would be taking tonight, they would only be a single day behind their group.

Keeping watch for most of the night was Noir. Ray trusted her a lot more than he did the others, and she would always come to him at the speed of light when there was trouble. Due to Noir being placed in the system most of the time she was well rested, so staying up all day and night would be easy work for her.

If there was one person he could rely on to not be swayed or influenced by the shadow it would be her.

Early in the morning when the sun still hadn't fully risen and the trees were still blocking out most of what little sun they did have, the group were wide awake. They all knew how important the task ahead was.

"Everyone is ready to move." Martha said.

Even if some of them were still drained and wanted to yawn they held it in out of respect. They had seen how caring Ray had been recently and didn't want to delay the trip any further. This trip had just made them all more loyal to him than before.

Using the great vines that would hang off from the large trees, they would walk up the path while pulling on the vines. It acted like a handrail on a staircase, and due to how steep and uneven the floor was it helped them travel across with more ease.

"Who thought it was a good idea to build a fortress on top of a giant tree!" Flynn complained as he yanked on the vine and pulled himself forward.

"If you trained your forearms and shoulders more it would be an easier climb." Wendy replied, as she wasn't struggling anywhere near as much as Flynn was. All those years of archery had made her have incredibly strong arms and hands.

Flynn then started to look towards Claire and Dale, who were climbing up without even using the vines. Instead they had partially transformed their arms and hands, digging their wolf-like claws into the tree itself.

Jack, who was up ahead, wasn't doing the same. He still didn't have great control when it came to his transformation skills.

"Man, you guys must have it nice." Flynn said. Soon after Wendy had given him a nudge in the ribs, as it was quite the rude thing to say.

The two kids being werewolves meant that they got discriminated against a lot back in the city. Not as much as they would have if they joined any other city, and of course there were many that were supportive, especially due to Jack, but that didn't stop the few that were against the idea of living near werewolves to keep their feelings hidden in.

Remembering this, Flynn felt a little bad but didn't know what to say.

"It is kinda cool." Dale said, looking at his claw hand as he smiled back at Flynn.

"You kids should be on the lookout and prepared for anything." Lenny started to lecture them. "There is a reason why building a fortress high in the trees has its advantages. For one, it is quite hidden. Unless one knew about it beforehand they would find it hard to find such a place. And secondly, it makes it perfect for defending.

"See how we are struggling to reach the top, they have the high ground and they could easily strike us from up here, sending us tumbling down."

The tree was going up in spirals, there would be flatter areas where there was no use of vines, but the kids looked over the edge of the giant tree, where they could see the snowy cliff drop and fields. They gulped as they imagined defending themselves from an attack and falling down there possibly to their death.

At that moment, Martha, who had been flying through the sky above everyone and doing surveillance, came swooping down.

"Prepare for battle. Beasts, beasts are coming!" She shouted.

The group could see a flat part of the spiralling giant tree up ahead and made their way to it. They ran with all their power but still couldn't see the beasts. While running, fumbling around in his pouch Van had pulled out the white crystal.

Finally the group had reached their destination and were waiting patiently for the beasts to come. The sound of hundreds and hundreds of small light footsteps were heard but they still couldn't see anything.

Then, the first one to attack was Martha, letting out an arrow of wind.

"They're here!" She shouted.

The arrow left her bow and at the same time, around from the underside of the truck of the tree, a giant centipede-like creature could be seen crawling to the top. The centipede had a brown underbelly and a black hardened top, as for its hundreds of legs, each one was deathly sharp like little blades.

The first beast was killed easily by Martha as the arrow went through it's head with no resistance. The problem was that there seemed to be hundreds of them coming towards the group, and not everyone had a king tier weapon like Martha did.

"Do you think this was set up by Monk?" Flynn asked.

"I don't think we should be worrying about that right now." Wendy replied. "Even if those centipedes are weak, all they need to do is barge into us, to chuck us off and we will be falling to our deaths."

As always though, there was a simple solution that they could use that had managed to get them out of tough situations so far, and that was Van. Naturally they all turned their head towards Van, who was at the back of the group. He reached into his pouch and pulled out the crystal.

It started to glow, but then quickly faded, and sweat was running down his face. Everyone by now knew Van's personality, the more pressure that was put on him, the harder it would be for him to activate the white crystals power.

They could only imagine now, and with everyone looking at him it would be difficult so they turned their heads away, but deep down they were relying on him again.

'Come on, you have to do it, you have to do it.' Van thought to himself, but it was only making it worse as the crystal started to fade again.

"If I used my magical powers there is a chance it could damage the tree." Ray said, so I will have to use my fists, this is not a problem." Ray was ready to create multiple clones of himself and fight the beasts off.

Small spells and such while fighting barehanded would do the trick. While the others were panicking he was clam, however something else happened before ray could even act.

Seeing how much Van was struggling with activating the crystal's power, Harry grew frustrated watching him.

"Just give it here, I can do it!" Harry said, as he attempted to snatch the crystal away. They now were both holding onto the crystal but Van refused to let go.

"What are you doing, you know this reacts to my powers the best! We don't even know if you can control it!" Van started to shout back.

"The crystal reacted to me before, which means I can do something and right now you're useless so we might as well give it a try!" Harry shouted back.

Suddenly there was a struggle between the two, and fueled with both of their powers the crystal was reacting. Eventually, the crystal was snatched out of Van's hand, and had activated a single beam of white energy.

It started to shoot out from the crystal, but it was going in the wrong direction. Instead of towards the beasts, it was beaming out to their own people. Luckily the white beam was harmless to the Redwing members, all except one that was.

The beam of white energy was too fast for Ray to act, and the beam ended up hitting him. He crossed his arms and felt a burning sensation and he suddenly felt weak, as if his mana and powers were being drained from his body.

Not having the strength to push back, the beam continued to push him and he screamed in pain, until eventually the beam had pushed him off the trunk of the tree. Ray had fallen, he was hurt and falling to the snowy deep cliffside.

****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 511: Falling into the past
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When the white light hit Ray, it felt like he couldn't move as the energy was being drained out of him. Trying to counter the force, he tried his best to resist and push through the pain. Eventually, this caused him to be pushed back until he fell off from the giant tree.

Falling off, he had entered the snowy lands down below as the giant tree was acting as a border between the jungle and the snowy mountains. Ray, feeling hurt and tired, felt like if he fell from this height there was a good chance that he would seriously injure himself.

Trying to do whatever he could, he canceled the transformation spell and his dragon-like features were on full display. From his body was a small red tail and what he really wanted, a pair of red wings.

Using what strength he had, he tried to flap them.

'Come on, work you useless things, you once were able to carry the weight of a whole dragon, are you saying now you can't carry this human body?'

Eventually the wings were able to move, but as for keeping him afloat, it didn't do much as he continued to fall. However, his wings were allowing him to glide in the air and was slowing him down. Although he couldn't use them to fly back up, it did slow him so that the impact would be less great.

'At least it looks like I won't be dying.' Ray thought. 'Maybe there is something else I can still do.'

Thinking of a way to get back to the others, Ray wanted to use his teleport skill. All he needed to do was elect a member of the Redwings and he would be able to teleport towards them. When trying to open his system though, for the first time it looked different.

[E54r5]

[82093hei0]

The system screen was distorting in and out, Ray thought that perhaps it was like the times before when he couldn't use his abilities. Upon firing out a fire ball and using his dragon eyes, they seemed to be completely fine. The only thing that wasn't working was the system menu.

'Was it from the white stone attack, did it mess up my system, or is it from something else?'

While in the middle of his thoughts and unfocused, Ray's body had entered the snowy territory and a huge snow storm had emerged with great strength. The wind was so powerful it had managed to sweep Ray away from where he was falling.

'Where is this taking me? If it carries on, then it will be far away from the others.' Gripping his hand, he felt like his strength was gathering but it still wasn't enough to fly against the flow of the snow storm.

'I will just have to trust the others, wherever this takes me, it takes me!' Ray thought.

Soon the snowstorm got worse and Ray couldn't even see using his normal vision. He only realised he had hit the soft snow when he went tumbling and skidding across the ground. With his strength coming back he managed to reposition himself, but it didn't help much.

He bounced across the snow, each time getting more covered until eventually his whole body was sunk into the deep snow.

A few seconds later and the snow around where Ray had landed had started to melt. He could be seen standing up with his gauntlets glowing red from heat. The snow that went up to Ray's waist had now completely melted within a meter radius of him.

"My powers still work which is good." Ray said, but then he started to turn his head in every direction. "The problem is, where am I?"

Attempting to open up his system again, the screen was now barely visible. It flickered for a few seconds before closing again, not allowing him to even send messages to the others.

'Is it possible that something has happened to Bliss?' There was no way for Ray to ever check this in the first place.

"Those idiots!" Ray shouted out of anger. "How can those two fight like that at such an important time? No, maybe I shouldn't blame them. Perhaps being in the shadow continent too long has caused their minds to be affected more by the shadow."

Ray looked down and could see the land underneath the snow was still covered by the shadow, at least he was still on the shadow continent and he couldn't imagine himself having gone too far from where the others were.

"Well, far enough for me not to be able to see the jungle area, I don't even know which direction to go in."

Knowing how far out they were and with the system being down, Ray knew the others wouldn't be coming for him.

'They should focus on the task at hand, for some reason I have a feeling that Monk and his group won't chase the others away or start a fight, even if I'm not there, but it's better to be safe. While I'm away, Jack you are the only one that I can rely on for now.'

Walking through the snow, Ray really had no choice but to just head in a random direction. Eventually he had decided to go in the direction the snow storm was heading, just because it was easy to go with it rather than fight against it.

Soon the snow storm seemed to be dying down.

'I've been walking for a while now, but I still haven't seen anything I can recognise, maybe I should head the other way.'

Just when Ray thought this, off in the distance he saw two mountains close to each other. The gap between them seemed to make the perfect V and for some reason he seemed to recognise it.

'Why would I recognise a place in the shadow continent and from so far away?'

Going towards the mountains, he soon saw human structures, buildings that had been destroyed. It looked like a grand battle had taken place here, but it wasn't recently. Ray continued to walk forward faster than before, until he eventually came across a large castle with part of its wall crumbled.

Ray was left with his mouth wide open as he finally remembered the place.

"This, this is the place where me and the Divine Being had our battle."

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 512: Exploring the old castle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Spending his time as a dragon, Ray didn't really remember where small things and such were located. He remembered the general direction of terrain and areas, but to him he thought one city was like all the others.

Once in the past he had asked Bliss about where his dragon body was being kept, since he remembered being trapped by the large crystals and she had said that she would not tell him.

'Is it because if I find it, there is a chance to get my old body back? But then what happens to this body?' Ray started to think. Every time he went to the next beast stage by consuming crystals, he became closer to what he once was. However one thing was clear - this was a different body to his old one.

He didn't know how it worked, was it because his soul was in his body and he was altering his human one, or something else.

Still, out of curiosity, he chose to go ahead and walk closer to the castle. With each step, he would see large craters from magical spells. Part of the castle wall had fallen down and snow now grew over it, from where his feet were planted to on top of the wall.

Everything was coming back to him, this was the day that had changed his life.

"It happened before the shadow even existed, I don't know why I never thought the place would be in the shadow continent."

Perhaps in the past Ray would have gone looking for it if he had never established the Redwings. Was there even any reason for him to look round and check out the place, to bring up memories of the past?

He took a step back and turned away.

'Obviously I have gone in the wrong direction.' But then something stopped. It was as if his body was urging him to turn around and head back the other way.

In the end, he couldn't fight it any longer and started to walk up to the castle. When approaching the walls, it was clear that no one had lived here for a long time, not even the Shadow seemed to have used the place as a fortress like it had done in the other areas.

'Is there a reason for that?'

Using his strength, Ray pulled on the door which was heavy, it would have taken at least thirty men to pull such a thing, and since it hadn't been opened in a long time it was even harder. With Ray's strength and Ki he was able to open it, but not without making a loud metallic screeching.

The door was opened just wide enough for him to fit in and he carried on walking through.

"Just like before, there are no people here, not even bones. Bliss had cleared the place before our fight was to take place, and it looks like they never set foot here again."

Taking a step forward past the gate walls and next to the castle doors, Ray could feel it now. He couldn't feel it before but there was a strange energy emanating from the castle. Looking at the ground, that's when he noticed that it wasn't black, it was brown like regular dirt.

'The shadow can't even get close to the castle, is it because of the strange power? That's why there's no shadow here.' The strange power was one that was familiar to Ray, but he couldn't be too sure yet, as he opened the castle doors and walked in.

The power he could feel was the same, he thought that it might have gotten stronger when stepping in the castle but it hadn't. The same energy was spilling all over the place, and Ray couldn't get a hold of it.

"The only thing I can do is start looking around I guess."

He started to explore room by room, but there wasn't much interest. Most of it was what you would usually find in a castle, ornaments and more, but then there was the chance for Ray to go in two directions.

A staircase leading down deep and below, or one that led straight to the top of the castle.

"Would I have to explore room by room? This is going to take a while."

And it did, Ray decided to go up the stairs first checking each floor, trying to locate the power. On the way down he could have a look at whatever was under the castle before leaving. As expected though, most of the floors had nothing of interest until Ray had reached one of the very top floors, it would have been where the king's throne room would have been.

"No glathrium door or Dwarf made locks, how old is this kingdom?" Ray thought as he pushed the door open, and to his surprise there was finally something of interest.

Standing in front of him were five men in strange red armour, one of them wielding a large sword.

The reason why it stood out was because each person looked to be wearing a piece of armour that stood out compared to the rest of what they were wearing. One person had red shoulder guards while the rest of the armour on its body was rusted.

Another, had red parts covering the leg, and so on. Then one was holding nothing but the sword.

Looking closer, Ray could see that these men, although standing, were nothing but bones that had died long ago, and from each of their equipment he could feel something.

"Maybe I can see how you died and who you really are." Ray thought as he started to cast a spell. The spell would show these men's last moments.

It was only after witnessing their tough lives, Ray would learn that these five men were the past dragon knights, and the equipment they were carrying were the dragon weapons.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 513: The full set
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking at the five figures, they all seemed to be standing in an odd way. It was clear they were no longer alive. Their flesh had long degenerated and nothing was left but bones, but it seemed strange how they still were able to stand.

Looking closer at these figures, he thought they looked powerful, and the same thing could be said about the odd pieces of armour and the sword. Because of these things, Ray was interested in their story.

'Why would you choose this place as your resting place, and what happened to you?' Ray thought.

Placing his hand on the ground, Ray decided that he would activate a certain spell in this very room, to hopefully allow him to speak to them and for them to relive their last moments. With the spell activated, strange light blue spirits seemed to leave the five figures and each of them entered through the door.

What was surprising though, was when Ray could hear their voices coming from the spirits themselves. This was not meant to be possible for the spell he had cast, which meant this was part of their own power that was allowing him to hear them.

The five men came into the room and stood where they were standing now, and started to converse.

"The shadow, it seems to have less effect on our bodies in this area, but we can't stay here forever." One of them spoke.

"You're right, I don't know why the shadow cannot reach this place, but it has allowed us to clear our minds. If we leave here, then the same thing that happened to Albert could happen to us. It was as if his body along with the hammer became possessed, and I fear the same thing. We have all already been infected, and it's only a matter of time before it takes over everything."

"So, are you saying we either stay here unaffected by the shadow and starve to death, or leave this place and die?"

They all seemed to be disheartened but they knew what the right thing to do was. The man who held the sword looked at his weapon for a second. It was clear it was a beast weapon but one that was like no other. The sword guard was shaped like a dragon's tooth, with multiple dragon teeth running upwards and downwards, then a red crystal shone in the middle of the blade. Going up the blade, several more teeth could be seen, the great sword shined like no other.

"Our weapons and our armour were given to us. It was handed to us by the Divine being. We were gifted weapons made from the legendary creature, a dragon, to kill the shadow but we have failed. We can't let the enemy get their way. We can't let what happened with the hammer happen with the rest. My sword was made to slay the shadow, and it will finish doing it's job."

The others stood there knowing what would come next as the man raised the sword, and stabbed each one of them, killing them on the spot with the special sword and then finally when he was the only one left, he proceeded to stab himself.

The vision had ended there and Ray understood who these men were from the scene he had watched. They were the dragon knights of the old. The ones who had originally created Avrion, who Ray was now king and leader of.

"They were brave men, determined to get rid of the shadow until the very end. Enough to even take their lives. It looks like the shadow had already passed their body and they knew they had no chance of recovery. It sounded like the hammer belonged to another that had fallen. Is that what Gary had been possessed by? Was it a dragon knight's will and regret that possesses that hammer instead of a god?" Ray couldn't help but think about all the possibilities as he walked over to the five of them.

"I'm sorry to disrespect the dead, but your goal is now the same as mine. It would be a waste to not use the equipment that was created to defeat the shadow, and I shall do the same. You may all watch from above as I defeat the shadow.

Grabbing onto the sword, immediately the red crystal around it started to glow, and energy started to flow into him, but it wasn't just any energy, it was one that was very familiar.

Crying out and shouting at the top of his very lungs, Ray screamed until the energy eventually dissipated.

"That damn bitch! Once I have dealt with the shadow I'll deal with her as well!" Ray shouted. Touching the sword and making sure the rest of the equipment was the same, Ray finally understood why the items were called dragon items.

He didn't feel it so much when he first had gone against the hammer, but with the sword which had the strongest energy he knew, it was because the weapons were made from a dragon beast crystal. Not just any dragon beast crystal, but Ray could tell that it was his own one. The crystal created from Sen.

Ray didn't know dragons even had beast crystals, so he was unsure of how Bliss even managed to do this, but there was no question it could only have been her. After the anger left his body, he started to wear piece after piece, and with each one worn, he grew stronger, it felt like his old body was coming back to him.

'Maybe I don't need to keep consuming beast crystals,' Ray thought. 'Before i was slowly using them to get my strength and my old body back, but I can tell that I just need to gather all the energy that was lost from me when I was a dragon with these items.'

But there was one major problem with this. After wearing everything, Ray could tell he was close but something was missing. One more item from the dragon set was needed. It was the item which Gary held, and supposedly he was trapped in a different dimension all together.

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 514: Breaking the seal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wearing all the equipment on his body made him feel better. Ray was covered head to toe in the special red dragon armour. It was clear though from the outside that the set was incomplete. His left arm was completely void of any armour.

His right arm had a red gauntlet, but his left was bare. Thinking back, Ray started to remember Gary's hammer which had turned into a gauntlet. It seemed like it would be a perfect fit. However, even though the set was incomplete, Ray could feel the great power, the one that was most impressive was the dragon sword in his hand.

He swung the sword as hard as he could through the air. It had cut so cleanly, and the whole room started to shake for a few seconds before stopping.

'This equipment must be stronger than any beast equipment in existence. It's no wonder, since it was made using my body. They must have given the shadow a lot of trouble.' Ray thought.

He also started to think of Gary, holding onto something made from his body would possess him and consume him with power. Now Ray was feeling a little guilty thinking it was his fault.

'No, this is all the Divine Beings fault getting me wrapped up in this mess.' He told himself, but was that the truth. If the humans had approached, Ray and treated him better when he was a dragon, would this have happened?

Not wanting to think about it anymore, Ray proceeded to exit the room and walk down the stairs, not without saying his thanks to the brave warriors that had sacrificed their lives. Finally, he had reached the first floor again, and it was time to check out what was underneath.

'After such a surprise at the top of the castle, I doubt there is anything of interest below, but there is no harm in checking it out while I'm here.' Ray said to himself as he walked down. The main reason why Ray wanted to check the underneath the castle was to locate the strange energy.

At first, Ray thought maybe the castle area wasn't affected by the shadow due to the dragon armour and weapon. However, when looking back at the Dragon knight's memories, they spoke as if the land was already corrupt, and for some reason just like now, the castle hadn't been possessed, it had even been a safe haven for them.

While Ray was walking down he noticed it was incredibly dark, and for the first time, the strange energy he felt was getting stronger, and it was familiar. The armour and sword on his body started to vibrate as if it wanted to pull him towards whatever was down there.

'No it can't be, it's really still here!' Ray thought as he ran down to the bottom of the stairs, to be met with two gigantic doors towering over him. The doors were so big, they were nearly as large as the castle itself. On the front of each of them were the special locks and the doors that were made of glathrium.

'If I'm correct then I no longer have to do this anymore!' Ray thought, as he couldn't wait any longer, placing his hand on the door.

With certain locks one would need to know the combination, but in the past the system had always opened those doors for him, and he was relying on that right now.

His hand touched the walls and the system message appeared as usual.

[You do not have access to this room]

The system message that appeared before him was denying him access.

"No!" Ray shouted. "You will not stop me this time."

Punching his two fists together, Ray started to gather as much of his Ki as possible. In the past he hadn't been able to destroy a glathrium made door, but he had grown since then, and this was more important than ever.

Using all his strength and Ki, he pounded his fist into the door. A loud bang was heard and the door vibrated but it wouldn't budge. Soon after another fist came colliding into the door and the same thing happened again.

"I'm not going to stop here!" Ray shouted, as he continued to deliver punch after punch, aiming for the same spot.

Back at Avrion, Bliss who was busy making more of the special solution to get rid of the shadow, felt something jolt in her body. She dropped the container in her hand and it had smashed against the floor. Her hand was grasping against her chest.

"What is happening, is Ray doing something?"

As Ray punched the door again, the pain struck through Bliss's body, and blood was now trickling out of her mouth.

"It's the seal, I never thought he would find it while in the shadow content and so soon."

The pain continued through her body and she could tell Ray was close to forcing the seal open.

"I have no choice, if I want to live then I have to undo the spell. But Ray, I hope you make the right choice after this."

Closing her eyes and sitting on the floor, Bliss started to chant, it looked like she was whispering to herself.

"Finally, the door seems to be giving in, it just needs one big push." Ray said, as he could see the door was now heavily dented.

Then, the sword on his hilt was calling to him, it wanted to help.

"So be it." Ray said, grabbing the sword and holding it with two hands.

He gathered his energy and the red crystal on the sword started to glow, and at the same time it looked like Bliss was nearly done as well.

"Unlock the seal!" She said, as she twisted her hand, at the same time, Ray swung his sword full of energy. He could see a circle pattern on the door light up for a few seconds but it was already too late.

A large red slash of aura had left the sword and collided into the door. The whole room shook so heavily that Ray feared the whole underground place could collapse, but when the shaking stopped he was safe and the top half of the door had fallen onto the other side.

The single strike to the door had cut it diagonally.

Usually, Ray would have been amazed by such power, but he was far more concerned about something else. As he jumped up through the door to the other side, there he could see it. He was so stunned that he nearly dropped his sword and fell to his knees.

For in front of his very eyes, was his real body. The body of the red dragon sen.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 515: Someone to lead
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the white light had knocked Ray off the giant tree, Harry had let go of the crystal and Van was left holding it in disbelief.

"What have we done?" He mumbled to himself.

"We? If you had just let me use the crystal or you had learnt to use it properly we wouldn't have been in this mess!" Harry shouted.

However, there was no time for arguing and only a few had seen what had actually happened to Ray. Everyone else was far too busy fighting the beasts that were launched and still coming towards them from the tree.

'Ray, Ray, we need to get Ray.' With this in mind, the crystal held in Van's hand started to glow brightly, and he charged forward more fearlessly than Van had ever been before. He allowed the white light to shine out and destroy the beasts in front of him one by one.

The beasts disintegrated once shot by the laser of white light from the crystal, and soon the beasts that were attacking them were all dead. When the fighting had stopped, rather than moving on they decided to do a head count and tend to any injuries received in the battle.

This was when they realised that a main figure was missing.

"You two idiots!" Katie screamed at the top of her lungs. "I saw what happened!" She continued to shout as she clenched her fist towards the two boys. Martha, who was flying above, quickly descended and let her wings in, while the others soon started to gather around at the commotion.

"Hey Katie, is this to do with Ray, what happened?" Martha asked, placing her hand on her armour chest piece. She could feel Katie's heart beating rapidly.

This group of people, more than anyone cared for Ray greatly, and that included Katie.

"The white light from the crystal hit Ray and knocked him off the tree, he fell down to the other side!" She explained and everyone was stunned with their mouths left open in shock.

"I'm sorry!" Van sobbed, falling to his knees. "I didn't mean to."

Just as everyone was about to condemn Van for what had happened, a fist came out hitting Harry in the face and chucking him over to the other side.

"Are you really just going to stand there and say nothing?" Jack said. "Me and you used to be the closest of friends, the Harry from before would have admitted what happened. I saw what you did. You tried to take the crystal out from Van's hand. That's why the attack strayed and hit Ray. Tell me now, are you infected by the shadow?" Jack said as he approached Harry, who was still on the floor. Jack's punch had quite a bit of power behind it and it was serious.

"Don't any of you understand, Van was having trouble activating the crystal, but he's not the only one it responds to. When I hold it, it works as well. I was trying to help us! I never thought it would hit Ray either." Harry pleaded his case.

"I don't think this should be something we should argue about right now." Lenny interrupted. "First Ray has fallen down to the snowy side of the mountain, we all know Ray is strong, so he will live. However, going to get him is out of the question. Scaling this tree was hard enough, and scaling down the side of the mountain is impossible to go after him. The others are already ahead, I think we need to keep moving."

It was true, the others really couldn't do much no matter how much they wanted to help him.

"I can try to find Ray, I can use my nose and scale down the mountain." Jack suggested.

"Then who will lead us?" Lenny asked. "I am originally an outsider. They will find it hard to take orders from me. Harry used to be a good choice, but his mind is clearly no longer what it used to be. Although you may not be the smartest, you are one of the most trusted Redwing members and you have others that can help and guide you. Besides, communication is no longer available if you haven't noticed."

What Lenny was referring to was the system that would allow them to send messages to each other. The system had long become unreliable recently, they no longer could rely on it like before to help them out. This meant the need for a leader was more so than before.

At that moment, everyone was looking at Jack. They agreed with Lenny's reasoning and if they continued forward they would only do so under him. However, Jack couldn't forget about Ray. He didn't think getting to the fortress was more important than going after Ray.

Until a voice had entered his mind.

'I will find my master. You do not have to worry.'

Looking around, Jack was wondering where the voice was coming from, especially since no one else had seemed to hear it, until he saw a wolf standing behind the Redwing army looking his way.

'I am quicker than you, and my nose is just as sharp. I promise to bring him back to all of you, and you must promise to protect the people he cares about.' Noir said through her mind and before he could say anything.

She was already running off back down the tree.

"Alright, we move forward to the fortress. We will find out what happened here and at the village, but be prepared. Our enemy is there and it could possibly be them who had sent the beasts after us, we have to be prepared for anything. And Harry, leave the crystal to Van. That's an order!" Jack snarled at him towards the end, trying to put Harry in his place.

The group, ready to go, had their morale slightly boosted. They felt like Ray was someone who could never die, and with this in mind they finally had reached the fortress at the very top of the tree.

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 516: Infected or not?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Arriving at the fortress, what they were seeing wasn't what the Redwings had expected, but at the same time they didn't really know what to expect. They only knew based on the information that someone had attacked another fortress inside the shadow continent.

It was something that had never been achieved before the Redwings had accomplished it, but a short time after and there was news of another fortress that had been attacked. What they didn't expect was the place to look as if it had been almost totally destroyed.

At the top of the giant tree, a strange strong black material that was comparable to glathrium was used to build the fortresses. Their main trait was the fact that they were fire resistant, yet looking at the outside side walls it was hard to believe that was true.

The top of the tree had been flattened out, leaving enough space and width for more than an entire army to walk on, but where the walls would have been, they had fallen and looked almost burnt and disintegrated. The scene reminded those of what Van's crystal could do.

As the group continued forward with Jack leading from the front, Monk and his men could be seen investigating the scene, they were moving debris from all over the place to see if they could see any signs of what happened here, or maybe someone who had survived.

"Sir!" One of the Dark Guild members shouted. "It's those Redwing creten, they have arrived earlier than planned." One of them called out.

Going out with a small group of people, Monk went to meet them halfway and both sides had stopped.

"What are you doing here?" Monk asked. "I thought we agreed that whoever won the duel would have three days to investigate before your group would move." While saying these words, Monk seemed to be searching through the army as if he was trying to spot someone.

It was obvious who he was looking for, but no matter how hard he searched, Ray was nowhere to be seen.

"The duel is void." Martha spoke up. "I'm sure you know that Kyle was already infected by the shadow. He was working for your side and lost the duel on purpose."

"You're crazy!" Monk replied, swinging his hand out. "Bring him out right now, why don't you prove that he has been infected."

There was an awkward silence from the Redwings, as Kyle was no longer with them.

"You know what happens to those that are infected." Martha said.

And for a second, even Monk seemed to be at a loss for words.

"You have had a day already ahead of us." Lenny interrupted. "From the looks of it, you haven't been able to find anything of use. Why don't we strike a fair deal, whatever we find we will share our information with you, and you do the same. Besides, it looks like this enemy is troublesome for you and could be for us as well."

Although the others hadn't been informed of this deal beforehand, Martha and the others thought it was best to let him just get on with it as it really wasn't a bad proposal for them. However, the question remained whether or not those in the Dark Guild would actually share information.

"Fine, it would be helpful to have some people that can use their brains for once rather than hanging around with these idiots all the time." Monk scoffed.

With that, the two groups spread out amongst the fortress and began their investigations. There were some awkward interactions between the Redwing members and the Dark Guild as they would look over the same place, but either the Redwing leaders or Monk would put them in their place and settle the arguments.

However, even with both groups investigating they were unable to find out much. Lenny continued to stroke his scruffy beard while looking at the whole scene. Whatever had caused this, it seemed to harness either great magical power, or it was done by an item, as it was an incredible feat that just wasn't possible for humans.

It was getting late and it was time for the two groups to rest. Monk and his group had already set up camp inside the main fortress, so that left the Redwings to set up within the fortress walls, but not in the fortress itself.

The Redwings didn't argue about this due to Lenny suggesting it might be better for them to remain outside, and there were still a few things he wanted to investigate.

Most of the Redwings were fast asleep by now, but one person had noticed something that had been slipped into their side pocket. Taking it out, she realised it was a note and was wondering when or how she could have gotten this.

"It's Monk. Meet me behind the fortress, behind the walls." The note read.

It was short and sweet but Martha honestly didn't know whether to meet him or not. She used to be his love, the two of them cared about each other more than anything, and then that all changed when he had returned one day, declaring war on Avrion.

'Have you really been taken over by the shadow? if

If Kyle and Gary really were, then maybe it's true that you were too.' She thought.

Thinking about it for a little more, she decided to go and see him. She had a lot of questions she wanted to ask as well. Leaving out the front of the fortress walls, she walked around the side until she was eventually at the place the note instructed her to go to. She was cautious, looking to see if anyone was following her, and looking to see if it was a trap.

'If things get really bad, I can just fly out of here and warn the others.' She thought.

Turning the corner she could finally see him standing there all alone.

"Long time no see, Martha." Monk said with the soft gentle smile she remembered. "I have a lot to tell you, that i wanted to tell you for a long time now."

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 517: Monk good or bad?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Martha saw the soft smile on Monk's face, it brought back a wave of memories that they shared together. However, she quickly remembered that that was now a long time ago, and the time they spent together was shorter than the time they had spent apart.

First and foremost she was a member of the Redwings, and she had come here to be so.

"Monk, I hope you aren't playing any games with me, why did you leave a note for me and only me?" Martha asked, getting straight to the point.

There was a pause from Monk, as he opened his mouth but no words came out, and for some reason seeing him in front of her now, he felt small. All the times before while leading the Dark Guild members, he seemed larger than he truly was due to the confidence shining within him, but right now it wasn't the same.

Then suddenly, putting his hands over his face, he slumped his back against the castle wall sliding down it until he was sitting on the ground.

"I don't know how much longer I can keep this up for." Monk said. "I've had many sleepless nights, I can't even remember when I slept the same way as I did before, but now with Gary gone, and the same with Morfran, I'm the only one they can rely on."

He looked weak, exhausted. She could feel all of these emotions now pouring out of him, but still she didn't understand the point he was trying to make.

"I'm sorry for everything I've done, you must have been hurting a lot." He finally said. "I'm not infected by the shadow if you were wondering. I never was. When I fell down that day, I saw the mysterious man, and he was riding on top of…on top of a dragon. That's what was killing and eating all those monsters.

"When standing in front of it, I felt it's sheer power. I couldn't believe it. If it attacked Avrion at that point, it could have easily wiped us out. What I didn't understand was why he didn't. Why didn't that man command the dragon to attack Avrion back then?

"I thought it was crucial that we found out if we wanted to survive, so I attempted to go to the other side. Eventually I joined the Dark Guild, meeting up with Morfran and Gary, or at least what was left of Gary."

It was a lot to take in, but it seemed like Monk was finally telling her what he had gone through and why he had done what he had. For some reason as well, she believed his words.

"When I joined the Dark Guild, Martha, I realised something. They are people, they're not some beast trying to kill us, or like the shadow. They're just people fighting for their lives. Because of this, I decided I wanted to help them.

"Did you see the village that you passed on your way here?"

"Yes, we were attacked there as well." Martha replied, wondering how much she should be telling him right now.

"Those were the families belonging to the Dark Guild. They were promised they would be safe if they worked for the shadow and stayed in the shadow continent, as you can see that's exactly not true. Gary and Morfran were deeply connected to the shadow, they knew the leader well, but with them gone….there is only me, and since I'm not infected by the shadow the link between us is weak, and it's causing a divide between the Dark Guild and shadow, but where can they go?

"We can't leave the shadow now, and there is no kingdom that will take us."

She could see the struggle across his face. Monk had so much on his mind from day one, and from the beginning he was doing everything for the sake of Avrion. This was the kind hearted man she remembered and used to love. The problem was, he was too gentle and wished to save everyone.

"You probably don't believe me." Monk said as he lifted his head, only to find Martha's there in front of him. His cheeks started to redden seeing how close she was, and her beautiful green eyes were even more spectacular up close.

"Monk, you're an idiot!" She said, flicking him on the forehead. "You didn't have to go through all of that on your own, and of course I believe you. I could always tell when you were lying and when you weren't. That's why I was so sure you never went to the other side.

"But we could have helped you, why didn't you come back and tell us sooner rather than now while everyone is stuck in this mess!"

"But you don't understand, have you ever seen a dragon before?" Monk asked. "Their powers, it's beyond that of any ranked beast, they're just so strong. I'm not talking about the one that you saw in the war either, that was nothing compared to what I had seen. I needed to find a way to beat the shadow from inside out, but I still haven't done it. The shadow guards don't treat me with the same respect as they did Gary and Morfran. I haven't seen that strange man since."

Martha started to chuckle quietly.

"No, I haven't seen a dragon, but if you're worried about them having one, we have one as well. And it's the strongest one that has ever existed."

There was clearly a confused look on Monk's face, and slowly that look changed to shock as Martha revealed that Ray was none other than, the Great red dragon Sen of the past.

"But…how can that be…" Monk thought, as his eyes filled with tears and he thought back to all the times he and Ray had journeys together in the academy, and even when he had saved them from Morfran.

"Ray, no wonder you were so amazing, I'm sorry for ever doubting you." Monk said, but then he was reminded of something.? "Speaking of Ray, where is he?"

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 518: Taken away
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took a while for Monk to take in everything that Martha had told him, how Ray had been knocked off due to the fighting between Van and Harry.

"It seems like the shadow has affected your group greatly." Monk replied. "I wonder why it has never been able to take my own heart despite being so involved with them."

"Ray said it might have something to do with our deep desires, it preys on that. Maybe your desire is too strong for it to be swayed, or it is unable to help you fulfill it. Monk, you have always been a strong person." Martha said, smiling at him.

The two of them needed to leave it there. For now, Monk had to continue acting as the leader of the Dark Guild while helping out the Shadow, but at the right time, he knew he could get those in the Dark Guild to turn. Meanwhile Martha would have to pretend she knew nothing about it.

——

The morning sun rose and both groups were ready to continue their investigation. After all, so far they had found nothing and still had no clue who was behind the attack.

However, it didn't start as they expected, and there was a slow panic starting to settle in from those from the Redwings.

Martha had woken up a little later than the others due to her staying up after speaking to Monk. When she left her tent, she could see Katie, Lenny and Jack speaking to each other with concerned looks on their faces.

"I can't smell him anywhere, it is clear that he is not here." Jack reported.

"And if he is gone, then we can assume the white crystal has disappeared with him." Lenny replied. "How did none of us see this coming, we are in the enemy base so of course it will have happened."

Hearing the tail end of the conversation, Martha had an idea of what was going on. If they were talking about someone missing and the white crystal, they could only be talking about Van.

"Please, update me on what has happened. Has Van gone missing?" She asked.

Lenny nodded, and it seemed like her worst thoughts were true.

"It has to be those from the Dark Guild." Katie scowled.?"The shadow knows how much of a threat the white crystal is to them, they have attempted to take it multiple times from us. You stated that Monk used to be a black slash knight, correct? One of the best. He could have easily snuck in during our sleep and taken both Harry and the crystal."

Although what Katie was suggesting was probably likely, Martha knew that wouldn't be the case. Monk wouldn't have done anything, but it seemed like the others were already being swayed and thinking the same thing.

At that very moment, there seemed to be a scuffle going on again. This time, a Redwing member who was asked to investigate was arguing with one of the Dark Guild members. Not being able to take their bad attitude anymore, the Redwing member swung his sword.

It was unexpected for the Dark Guild member and Martha was too far away to stop it.

"No!" She shouted, as if she was seeing the whole thing happening in slow motion. If blood was shed on either side, then it would be nearly impossible to make it so the two groups could cooperate.

However, before the sword could strike, it was parried away, being crammed by another sword around in a semi circle, before the strength of the parry disarmed the Redwing member and his sword fell to the ground.

"What are you doing attacking our people?" Monk asked.

The other Dark Guild members who had witnessed this and drawn their weapons in reaction were ready for a scuffle. After all, their army was far larger than the Red Wings, and without their leader, they were sure they could win.

"Monk, wait!" Martha called out. "One of our men has gone missing. I think this might just be a misunderstanding between our two groups. You haven't seen him around have you?"

Putting his sword away, Monk tried his best to calm the tension and bloodlust between the two sides. "No, but before looking at our side, I suggest you should look at your own first. Hasn't there been problems within your camp?" Monk replied, trying to give Martha a hint.

At that moment, she realised something herself.

"Where's Harry? Has anyone seen Harry?" She asked.

The others looked at each other and then looked around, now realising that it could have very well been a possibility. After their scuffle yesterday it was expected that this might happen.

They were so focused and on high alert being close to the Dark Guild that they didn't look at the obvious in front of them.

"Everyone, try to find Harry and bring him back!" Martha ordered, as she flew up in the air and started to scout ahead.

——

Just as they thought, the real culprit behind Van's taking was none other than Harry. He had the white stone in his hand, and at the same time a beaten and bruised Van over his shoulder. For several days now a voice was speaking to him, one he was quite familiar with.

It was the words of his father. It spoke to him, and was telling him what to do. Everything started when he touched the dragon bones. The voice told him of a secret path in the fortress, which would allow him to travel through tunnels. Those tunnels had led them back to the main fortress where the Shadow lived.

When finally getting out of one of the tunnels, Harry could see it up ahead. A fortress larger than one had ever seen. It was big enough to be it's own city and had towering spikes to look menacing. However, the most striking part of it all was the spiral that wrapped around the entire fortress. It looked like a giant dragon had been carved as if it was protecting the building.

"I've come here to deliver what you wanted."

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 519: Bringing back the dead
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a long and thorough search, Harry was nowhere to be seen and it didn't look like anyone else had spotted him either. The suspicion that the Dark Guild was behind it quickly disappeared. They knew how Harry was acting, especially towards Van.

It was something they should have seen coming, and now it seemed like they were too over confident after successfully defending several attacks from the Shadow, with Harry even being one of them himself.

"The real question is what do we do now?" Lenny pondered deeply, it was a concern for the Redwing group. They had already lost strong members of their force on this trip and that included Ray, their most valuable asset.

"It would be tough to travel without Ray, especially with no goal.'' Jack said. "They might have already taken him to the shadows. With so few people here there isn't really anything we can do. Perhaps we should send a message to Sylvia and ask for her guidance, or head back there ourselves."

"I don't think that would be a good idea." A voice interrupted, it had come from Monk. The meeting they had was taking place in one of the large tents that the Redwings had set up. Only the leaders of the Redwings were present and upon seeing Monk, the new leader of the Dark Guild, they all quickly drew their weapons and were on guard. They didn't trust Monk and they thought perhaps a whole bunch of Dark Guild members were going to raid them any second.

"Relax everyone." Martha said, making a gesture with her hand for them all to put their weapons away. "I was the one who invited him."

"Martha..." Jack called out. "I know you care about him, but he's not the-"

"He is the same." Martha interrupted. "Isn't that right Monk?"

In this situation, Monk had decided that it was time for him to come clean. Not just for the sake of the Redwing members but those in the Dark Guild as well. If they didn't know now then it could be the end of them all.

He explained what had happened just like he did so with Martha, but it didn't seem like they were as easily convinced as she was.

"I don't know much about your past." Katie said, as she didn't know about Monk like the others did and was one of the last to join the Redwings along with Lenny. "However, if you are acting as a so-called double agent, then you could at least tell us why they want Van so badly, and why did you say it wasn't a good idea for us to return?"

Monk looked at the ground for a few seconds and then clenched his two fists tightly before answering.

"That's why I've decided to tell you. Honestly I thought with the white crystal and Ray they might never get to him, but it seems that the Shadow has infected those close to you without you realising it." Monk stated.

"I'm sure you know that there are things in our world known as Gods. We don't know exactly what they are but we know they're beings with special powers that seemingly live forever, even if they are put to death they are reincarnated. It is believed that one of these Gods is inside Van."

"This information lines up with what we know so far." Lenny interrupted. "Bliss is the God known as the Divine Being, then there is Sera from the Empire who seems to have the power of the God also. Bliss had mentioned that Van's power comes from a God within."

"Correct, although your words have only made me realise that what they said was true, and I hoped it wasn't." Monk replied. "Using the power inside Van, they hope to open up a portal. The Shadow was able to open up a portal before but it didn't succeed like it had hoped."

"What do you mean?" Martha asked. "What type of portal are you talking about?"

"Using Van, just like before they can open up a portal to Hell, but it is not Hell as we know it. This is a special place where dragons lie once they have died. The Shadow successfully summoned one before using Gary, but that was a failure. For some reason, the Shadow is hoping to summon all the dragons and allow them to roam free on Bronzeland once again. The more time we waste, the quicker this will become a reality and we have to stop them."

It sounded beyond crazy what Monk was suggesting to them. Before they knew about Ray they thought that dragons were just a myth, but at the same time it didn't make sense for Monk to lie about these things, for it didn't change much of the decision they had to make.

In the end, the one that broke their silence was Monk.

"I never expected them to get Van so soon, but what you all don't know is that the Dark Guild has been wanting to separate from the Shadow for a while now. There have been several attacks on the villages within the shadow continent, and some of them are awfully suspicious. It looks like with a little more investigation, I can change their minds, and perhaps our two sides can join together."

"Join sides with the Dark Guild!" Katie scoffed at the thought.

What he was suggesting sounded barbaric. Even before the shadow existed the Dark Guild and the Knights of Avrion were mortal enemies, and now they were suggesting to join together.

"It's a big if." Monk replied. "What I suggest is for you to go and try to stop them using Van, by any means possible, and I will try to find evidence on the Shadow, that's why I volunteered to come here, but this doesn't look to be the shadows doing."

With that said, Monk walked away giving the group a lot to think about.

It was clear what he meant by the words 'any means possible', if they had to, they should kill Van to stop the world becoming overrun with dragons.

"I think we should listen to him." Martha spoke. "We can send a message to Sylvia asking for support. I fear that this may cause a big war. Ray is still in the shadow continent, and he will be able to follow us. I know this is dangerous, but this is too important to not try. A lot of our lives may be lost, but it's also a chance to stop the shadow from completing their goal."

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 520: Taking back Bronzeland
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although they no longer had Ray's system to communicate between each of the members, there was something else they could use and it was one of the reasons why Lenny had been brought along.

It would take some time, but before leaving, a communication magic circle had been set up at Avrion. Now Lenny could draw a magic circle at their current location and could use it to communicate with Bliss.

In the time while they waited for Lenny to draw the circle, Monk and the Dark Guild members had already left. He promised that they wouldn't disturb the Redwings, he could do that much. However, whether he could convince a long time old foe of Avrion to fight alongside them was a different matter altogether.

Although the group now had a new goal, while waiting for Lenny to contact the main castle, the others were still wondering what on Earth had happened here. Someone had taken down a fortress belonging to the Shadow, they knew how hard it was to do that, so someone with great power must have helped them.

"I can give you my guess." Lenny said as he covered his entire index finger in an unknown white powder. He was inside the fortress grounds, drawing the circle just outside where the castle was, and everyone was either getting ready to move out again, or was packing up.

"You mean, as to who was behind this?" Martha questioned.

"I think it really can only be one group of people that are brave enough. I think it was the Empire. I know they recently had their own troubles with the Shadow, however, I also believe that perhaps once the problem had been resolved, it was the thing that finally spurred them to take some action.

"Rather than a question of who, we should be thinking about what exactly was used to destroy this place. I believe it holds nearly the same power as Van has himself." Lenny said, finally finishing the perfect circle.

——

Sylvia had received word from Bliss and had heard details of everything that had happened so far, including what happened to Ray and what Monk had said. Based on what the others were telling her, she believed them. She believed that Monk was telling the truth.

Straight away, an emergency council meeting had been called for them to discuss recent matters. Not only were the council members involved in the meeting, but Bliss and the high ranking Redwing members that had remained were present too.

"Although I think it's best if we do send help, I do have one major concern." Sylvia said. "If we send most of our forces to the Shadow continent, it leaves us wide open. We could be attacked by surrounding kingdoms or the Empire could finally make their move against us."

The more senior members continued to discuss amongst themselves and she could see they had the same concerns as well.

"If I may speak." Bliss interrupted. "We all know that this whole thing started because of my visions, but so far in all my visions, I have never had one that goes past this point. With how close we are to the current timeline, I thought that I should be able to at least see something ahead, but I cannot.

"Which to me means that this very well could be our final stand. I think it's important that we send back up."

Hearing this strengthened their resolve to send more people, but as a leader Sylvia just felt like she couldn't do it. If it was just the lives of those from the Redwings, then maybe they could have all gone. If they were to leave the place they could always come back and reclaim it at another time.

However, there were many people involved in the Redwings. The nearby towns and villages in the area had become a part of them and the city had grown in size rapidly. There were now non fighters in the city as well and leaving this place could mean sacrificing all of their lives.

Unfortunately this wasn't a problem that she could mull over for a few days, they needed to make a decision now. Then an idea popped into her head.

"Inform Queen Liz of the Alure Kingdom about what has happened, tell her we will be using all our forces to save her son, and see what her response is. Do it now." Sylvia ordered and they did so quickly.

It didn't take long for the Queen to come back with a message and they had finally gotten the answer they had been waiting for.

Back in the council room, upon hearing the good news a brief smile returned to Sylvia's face.

"The Alure kingdom has agreed to completely ally itself with the Redwings. If any of the kingdoms or Empire try to attack us, they will back us up.

"We will leave the members of the Black Rings that we obtained here, and I will remain here myself with a token army. Wilfred, I know you are a retired former Master Knight, but if you could lead the way for the army to join up with the others, that would be greatly appreciated." Slyvia requested.

It didn't take him long to have a reply. "I only took on the position of a council elder to help out you young ones, I will definitely be happy to join the battleground once more to finally get rid of the evil that has plagued our world for so long. In fact, I would have hated it if I wasn't a part of it."

The rest of the Redwing members including the high-ranking ones had now set off, leaving only Sylvia to remain behind along with her adviser and ex-elder Von.

"A lot of sacrifice will be made in this war, but we must win it. We will take back Bronzeland and it will belong to the human race once more!" Sylvia shouted with conviction.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 521: The power of mana
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A lot of the shadow continent was covered in a thick blanket of snow due to how far north it was. It was a mountainous terrain which also had rivers flowing in the valleys.

The rivers were more often than not rivers of boiling lava, which would melt the surrounding snow so that? the dark black ground underneath was visible and could be seen slowly being infected by the shadow.

It was a strange sight to behold but what was most impressive of all, was the grand fortress named Tenebris. Tenebris fortress was the largest and head fortress where the ones behind the Shadow resided.

From behind the lava rivers flowed into the fortress, making a large pool of lava. From above, clouds of shadow seemed to constantly float towards the fortress, seeping through the walls to an unknown destination. This was the shadow from the land and those that were infected.

Once the infected were killed, they would release a smog of smoke that would appear to travel away from the body. No one dared follow where it would lead. There were rumors that if one was to follow the shadow, they would find the cause of the infection in the first place.

After successfully completing his task, Harry had delivered Van to the fortress. The grand castle had spires upon spires, and at the very top of the tallest spire, a meeting was being held. There was a body covered in dark black armour, although once in a while it was as if the armour could be seen moving slightly as if it was alive.

"Has anyone been able to contact the Dark Guild or that boy Monk?" The shadow man asked.

"They have not replied to any of the messages we have sent, and when we checked the Dark Guild members' bases, it appears that they have already started to move." The grand mage Wiz replied.

Immediately after this exchange a loud bang was heard as a fist was slammed onto the crudely made table.

"I knew we should have never trusted those humans in the first place. They were bound to betray us!" A voice said.

The hand and voice came from one of the female Shadow guard members who had wings and a hen sticking out from her head.

"Calm down Sena, the humans were only aiding us to make the process easier, we are able to do this with or without them. Besides, Wiz is still an ally of ours, although it is hard to say he is still human." The Shadow man replied.

"You say we are safe but look at this room, there are now only four of us here, and Wiz had already run away with his tail between his legs once before." These words were spoken by another member of the Shadow guard, one who was far larger than anyone in the rooms and unlike his companion who at a glance looked human, he did not.

Instead, his whole body seemed to be made from a black rock substance and running through his whole body from the top of his head, were red lines that looked similar to the lava that flowed in the rivers.

"It will be fine." The Shadow man replied. "I have just gotten news that we have achieved our task. Not only have we ridden them of one of their most powerful weapons against us, now we will be able to call on the support we need." He clenched his fist and soon started to walk towards the doors to leave the room.

Soon after, the other three participants stood up and each followed. Inside the fortress there was a tower that was slightly smaller than the spire they had just had their meeting in. On top of that tower in the open air, there were two humans. One had been tied up and placed on a black moulding stuck out from the ground, only a little higher than the person himself, and another was seen kneeling.

"You have done a good job, Harry. Thanks to you we will finally be able to achieve our goal." The Shadow man spoke. "I'm sure the Redwing army won't give up here, no I'm positive about that. For now you shall take guidance under Wiz."

Harry didn't say anything, he bowed down and then quickly moved over to Wiz's side as if he had always been working for him. The one tied up was none other than Van.

Walking up, the shadow man moved his hand over Van's mouth, and the tape that held his mouth closed disappeared. It was finally Van's chance to speak, he wanted to say many things to Harry when he was being tied up.

He wanted to shout at him that he was a traitor, how he had hurt those that believed in him, Jack and Ray. Now that he was staring at the shadow man in front of him, he fell completely silent. The person looked like a true infected but different to the others at the same time.

The armour he wore had a solid form, although it looked more like a solid form of the shadows. His face also appeared to have no eyes, just a moving shadow. As he looked deep down he thought he could see a single eye staring back at him, one that could see through his very soul.

"You Van, have a very powerful God inside you. One that is able to control mana completely. You are a dangerous human with tremendous power, but with you that power is useless, so let me put it to good use." The shadow man insisted.

Wiz walked over to Van and tapped his cane on the floor a few times to reveal a giant magic circle underneath them. It was as if the dust rose up when the cain touched the floor. It was clear by the detail in the magic circle that it was something that had taken a long time, it was something they had been preparing for years.

"Van, I must thank you. Finally, because of you we can open up the gate and bring back all the dragons to this world."

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 522: The Grand war begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the words were spoken by the strange shadow man, something clicked inside Van. Something bad was about to happen, very bad, and it was all going to be because of him.

'Not again, I can't let others get hurt because of me again! I have to do something. I can't let more people die!' Van thought as he struggled, kicking his feet and screaming. Pure frustration and anger could be felt in his screams.

The shadow man had left the magic circle that Van was trapped in. Wiz then tapped his cane on the ground a couple more times until the magic circle underneath him started to light up and glow.

A burning sensation was felt inside of Van's stomach. The screams of anger soon turned into screams of pain, so much so that now no sound was coming out. His eyes faded as they hollowed out and the whole room started to glow.

The power had started to sweep out from Van's body and flow into the circle underneath him. Then a great white light shined out from the circle, hitting the very dark clouds above and separating them.

"It looks like the plan is working out perfectly." The shadow man said. "Sen, I'm sure everyone will be happy to see you when they return."

——

The Redwings had managed to climb back down from the fortress that was located high in the giant tree, and before leaving, Monk had given them the direction towards the main fortress where Van would have been taken.

Soon, the small Redwing group had entered the snowy terrain, which happened to be the same direction where Ray had fallen, but they wouldn't be looking for Ray. Instead, they were waiting for the people from Avrion to arrive.

Knowing such a large force was to be sent over, Lenny was able to create a large teleportation device, and Bliss had done the same at Avrion. Then using what beast crystals they had managed to gather on their journey here, they were able to power both ends of the magic circle. Just a few moments later, in the cold, harsh and thick snow, the Redwing members appeared with Wilfred leading at the front.

"It's good to see you again." Jack said, looking at them all.

"Whoa, did they send everyone from Avrion?" Flynn thought as he looked at all the troops. In total now, it looked as if ten thousand members were sent.

"It looks like that little dwarf did a good job." Jack said, looking at the werewolves that had been sent along, and they were wearing the special yellow armour that was created for them.

"Unfortunately, Ray is not with us so Jack has taken command for now." Martha said. "But as the council members such as Sir K are here -"

"We are here for support, if the people have been following Jack for now, then it must mean they have a lot of trust in him." Wilfred replied. "Besides, I'm sure Ray will join us at a later time, he always knows when trouble is brewing. I believe he has a sense for these things."

It didn't take long for the full force to travel towards the main fortress. According to Monk, the fortress wasn't too far away, and once they could see the lava flowing river, as long as they followed that, they would get to the fortress.

While halfway through their journey however, they all noticed something high and tall in the sky, a bright white light. It lit up the giant tower it was emanating from and pierced the clouds above, and they could see what looked to be a circle that was slowly opening up.

"Are they opening up another rift?" Lenny asked while looking at it.

"You mean, the same one that the dragon form before came out of?" Jack asked.

Knowing what Monk had told them, it seemed to be partly true and they would soon need to speed up.

Following along the lava river which was scorching hot even by being near it, they could see another one on the other side a great distance away, and finally the grand fortress could be seen.

It was a strange sight to behold as the rivers seemed to run uphill on either side and started to swirl towards the back of the fortress. In front of the fortress was a large flat snow wasteland. There was nothing but snow.

"There are no beasts?" Martha said, as she flew up high trying to see if she could spot anything.

"They don't need any," Lenny said, looking at the front of the fortress clenching his fist. Standing in front of the fortress a great distance away were three unidentifiable figures.

Standing at the front of the ten thousand Redwing members were Jack, Martha, Wilfred, Sir K, Lenny, and the twins, Badger and Sloth.

It was a great shame that in the past there were even more Redwing members, but many were lost to the Shadow and the one that had brought all these people together wasn't even here.

"They would have known we were coming. Are they going to fight with just those three?" Badger asked as he pulled out a pair of daggers.

"Those three have the power to wipe out a large number of us, look closely they are not human!" Lenny shouted, as his ferric eyes were staring at one of the figures in particular, the female looking beast with wings on her back. "They have the grand mage Wiz, and to the side of him are the two of the strongest humanoid beasts in existence."

"Is it true?" Wilfred asked with a frown on his face. "They are humanoid demon tier beasts?!"

Hearing this stunned a lot of the Redwing members, but luckily they were away from the main group. The Demon tier was the highest tier of beasts and knowing the strength of a legendary tier beast, they couldn't hope to win.

"I will get revenge!" Lenny shouted. "Especially that female one, for killing my family. The Shadow will pay!"

The others always wondered why Lenny had a deep hatred for the Shadow, but he never spoke about it much. Now they were starting to get an idea of why.

With Wiz standing at the front of the fortress, he lifted up his staff that also acted as a cane and soon black portals were appearing. They would open up and beasts started to pour through.

It was time for the Great War between the Redwings and the Shadow.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 523: The strength of a demon tier beast
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Both Sylvia and Bliss were standing on the roof of Avrion academy, they were looking in the direction of where the Shadow continent was located. Although they were unable to see anything, both of them could feel a disturbing presence.

"Do you not think you needed to go with them?" Sylvia asked Bliss.

"I could say the same thing to you, you have done more than anyone for the Redwings, don't you think their leader, the one they look up to most, should be there?" Bliss replied.

Sylvia turned around and looked at the city.

"You're wrong about that. This place, the whole of the Redwings would not have not existed without Ray. This is our home, I think that it's important that they have a place to return to once the battle is over, and I will make sure they do."

Bliss was concerned because Sylvia was right, everything was dependent on Ray. It was the reason why she had even reincarnated him into a human in the first place, to get rid of what everyone knew as the Shadow plague but for some reason, he wasn't there.

"The one who wished to kill all humans is now the one that will save it." She said smiling.

——

Several black portals had been opened by Wiz and beasts of all sorts of different levels started to pour out from them. There were beasts with wings that would fly through the air, horrendous monsters with several limbs and a singular eye, each of them infected by the Shadow giving them more strength.

To make things worse, there were no beasts at the advanced level or lower, and with the Shadow strengthening them, they felt like they were all king level.

The troops were nervous, but seeing the Redwing members charging ahead first gave them confidence. The one who ran in front of them all was none other than Jack, and he didn't waste time transforming his whole body into that of a werewolf. He ran ahead on all fours, easily gliding past everyone there and dived right into the crowd of beasts.

A giant minter attempted to swing it's hammer towards Jack, but whacking it away with his brute strength, Jack then latched on and pierced through its head with his claw, soon moving onto the next beast.

Following close behind him were the other werewolves, powered by his cries giving them even more strength. At that moment, they were a unit that were unstoppable, far stronger than any of the beasts that they battled with.

It truly made the Redwing members believe that this war wasn't so hopeless after all. This along with the idea of getting rid of the Shadow once and for all now seemed within their reach. The rest of the members dived in swinging their blades and swords left, right and centre. Soon the snow was painted in black and red blood.

"You are strong!" A giant rock-like beast landed directly in front of Jack attempting to stop him. The beast was one of the Shadow Guards named Ire. The beast was a demon tier that looked to be made of rocks, with molten lava running through its veins.

Jack was huffing and panting as he could feel his heart pounding through his chest, he dashed forward quickly and lept trying to strike the beast's rock head, but it lifted it's large shoulders blocking the attack.

When his claws hit, it had scratched some of the rock on the beast, but this was just artificial damage and soon the molten lava that was running through the beast's skin started to light up and glow with extreme heat. Lava started to spew out from the rocks and some of it landed upon Jack's skin.

He screamed in excruciating pain. He fell to the ground and soon saw two large rock fists slamming down upon him. Grabbing them with his clawed hands, he could feel a searing heat, but the two of them were equal in strength.

"Without Ray here I need to be the one that takes you all out!" Jack shouted, although no one could understand his words spoken through his large snout and sharp teeth.

Using both of his powerful legs, he kicked the beast in the stomach, ready for the toughest fight of his life. This was a demon tier beast that wasn't going to be easy.

The beasts that were giving them trouble in the sky were being dealt with through magic. The old tower mage fired fire bolts towards the sky and the others that had teleported started to fire energy blasts. With fine control they could hit the beasts out of the sky, but there was one beast giving them a little bit of trouble, the female demon beast with a horn sticking out from her head.

She was faster than any of the beasts down below, avoiding each of the attacks. Every once in a while she would also swoop down at an incredible speed, picking up a member of the Redwings and pulling them apart.

If what Jack had done had given them strength, what she was doing was completely demoralising them all.

"You drain all our allies of blood, I will make you pay!" Lenny shouted. He sliced his own hands to draw blood and drew up a magic circle on the ground. No matter what, Lenny wasn't going to let this beast live for a second longer.

With Lenny dealing with one of the demon tier beasts and Jack dealing with the other, Martha, Wilfred, and Sir K decided to set their eyes on another person. The grand mage Wiz who was opening up the portals and allowing the beasts to come through.

'If we get rid of him as quickly as possible we can win this fight.' Martha thought, but the three of them possibly had the hardest task, as they would not have the help of their fellow members and would have to dive right into the middle of the enemy's land.

——

Behind all of the fighting on top of the tower located in the fortress, the Shadow man, the one behind everything, was watching the fight unfold below. He was waiting for Van to give him what he had dreamed of for so long.

"It looks like you have managed to gather some strong humans, Sen. What were you planning to do with them? Were you going to kill them once you took over this land? Well, don't worry. I will do that for you, I will accomplish the goal you always had." The man started to laugh.

Although Van's power was draining from him and it felt like his body was being pulled apart to open up a portal to the other world, he looked directly at the Shadow man.

"Ray is not like that, he will come and kick your arse!" Van shouted.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 524: The blood skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After hearing what Van had to say, the shadow on the man started to spiral rapidly. It was clear that they were angered and the shadow around the man reflected that as it moved as if it were a human sized flame. Soon after it began to calm down.

"Go on, tell me then, where is this saviour of yours? Watch down below as your people struggle and soon because of you, they will all die." The shadow man said and then turned around to look Van directly in the eye and hissed, "And never call him by that name, he is the Great Dragon Sen!"

Of course Van knew Ray's real identity, but knowing that the shadow also knew his name was a surprise. On top of this, the way the shadow man was acting was as if he was obsessed with Sen, rather than against him.

'Just who is this person?' Van thought.

——

Down below, the raging war continued as beasts were slain left and right, the humans were doing well with great coordination, skill, and strength from their extraordinary beast equipment. However, it seemed like the waves of beasts emerging from the portals were endless. Every time they slade a beast they could see several more behind them.

Over towards the back of the group, they were also suffering from an aerial attack, but Lenny had a plan to deal with this one.

Blood was pouring from the palm of his hands due to a self-inflicted wound. He had told the other troops around him to stay clear as he would deal with the demon tier beast.

"I put my body through hell, doing all sorts of experiments on my body to finally track you down. Even though it was over a hundred years ago, I remember that day like it was yesterday. You slaughtered my whole family!" Lenny shouted as he shook with pure anger.

The others always wondered who Lenny was, having written books during the time of the Dragon Knights. His apparent age should have put him above a hundred years, but he looked only a little over his thirties.

The strange energy that was coming from Lenny had attracted some attention from the winged demon tier beast. She looked down to see and hear his anger, causing her to lick her lips with the thought of a good duel.

"I almost forgot about that one, and then you came all this way so I could finish you off!" She said, diving down and at the same time thorns started to emerge from her entire body and flew straight towards Lenny.

The blood from Lenny's hands had started to drip on the floor, but then it looked like it was slowly rising from the ground.

"I made a deal with the devil to get rid of you, and this is my only chance." Lenny said, swiping his hand. Soon a large red aura was seen covering his field of vision.

"Is that blood?" Some of those in the Redwings asked.

The red aura of blood had shielded him from the attacks from the demon tier beast. Soon after Lenny swung his arms, releasing swipes of blood towards the beast.

Seeing the strange red power, the winged beast seemed almost frightened as she attempted to avoid them all. She was so preoccupied with avoiding the blood swipes that she was unaware of a large fireball about to slam into her.

"You are not alone in this, we will get rid of the Shadow!" Roy shouted, the past tower leader. The two of them were once tower mages, the strongest mages in existence and with two of them they believed they could deal with this creature.

As the smoke started to clear from the impact, the beast opened up its wings and looked untouched by the ball of fire.

Standing next to Lenny, Roy gave a glance towards him, the strange power looked strong, stronger than any magic he had ever seen before. He knew there had to be a great cost to using such a power and Roy was pretty sure what it was.

Judging from the pained look on his face, every time Lenny would use the blood skill it was taking a part of his life.

'I have to help as much as I can, before Lenny gives up his life for this beast.' Roy thought.

Not too far from where Lenny and Roy were, leading at the front of the group was Gary who was dealing with the rock demon tier beast. Gary's wounds had healed from the pain, but he still wasn't sure what to do.

For once, his brute strength and power was doing nothing to get rid of this beast. While thinking of what to do, another werewolf was seen leaping up in the air attempting an attack, and their legs were soon grabbed midair. The beast swung with full force slamming the werewolf to the ground, smashing its bones and soon coming from it's rock like hand was molten lava.

Seeing this, Jack no longer hesitated and attempted to run in at the beast, he latched onto the arm with all of his limbs holding it.

"If I can't hit you, I'll just eat you!" Jack shouted, opening up his long powerful jaws, and digging his teeth into the rock hard body.

For the first time, it seemed like the demon tower beast was experiencing pain. However, Jack was also experiencing something devastating in his mouth, as if bubbles were forming inside.

'Is his blood made from lava, what is this!' Eventually, Jack had no choice but to let go, flinging his head backwards, spitting out the lava from his mouth before it reached his insides. It felt like his mouth was melting, but healing at an incredible rate at the same time.

The beast's eyes started to glow bright red as it was hurt for possibly the first time in its life. It raised its giant stone hand and was ready to slam it upon Jack's head.

As the hand was swinging down, a blur was seen going past Jack and the hand was knocked aside with great force.

Seeing what had just saved Jack's life he recognised it well.

"Noir, you're here, wait… does that mean?"

While thinking of this very question, the winged beast from before was diving down once again, avoiding the fireballs coming towards her as well as the swipes of blood.

"What's the use of that power if you can never hit me!" She screamed, throwing both her hands out, ready to tear the two of them apart. However, flying low she found her vision slowly becoming a blur, and then she fell to the floor and soon could see nothing.

"What?" Was the only thing she could say until she was no longer, and standing in between the two halves of her body was a red haired man, with red armour and a sword in his hand.

"Sorry I'm late, let's get rid of the Shadow once and for all!" Ray shouted.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 525: The final showdown
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the battlefield, for a brief second people weren't quite sure what they were seeing. The demon tier beast had been slayed by a Redwing and the beasts in the nearby area had stopped fighting.

'Is that Ray?' Lenny wondered. It certainly looked like Ray, but something about him and the armour he was wearing was different. It was radiating with so much power that it took a while for Lenny to take everything in. His life long goal was to get rid of the demon beast that was working with the Shadow, the one that had killed his family.

He thought it was an impossible task. No kingdom or even the Empire could match up to those who worked for the Shadow, and now his life goal had been completed in seconds.

"Let's get rid of the Shadow, once and for all!" Ray shouted, as he fired off a large fireball in the direction of the beasts that were now standing still, killing all those that had touched the fire ball.

Snapping out of it, Lenny used what blood was around him to help out. His body was also stronger and faster but how long this would last, he didn't know.

"Thank you Ray, thank you for helping me achieve my goal. However I still feel like more needs to be done, so I will help you as much as I can!" Lenny shouted, as he knocked out beasts with his bare fists and slashed at them with his blood aura all around.

Ray continued to use magic to get rid of most of the beasts in the area, firing off all sorts of different spells. He used lightning, fire, and earth but even though he had greater power than he once had and was closer to his old self, he would still run out of Mc points.

However, that wasn't a problem at all for him, as he lifted up the crystal from the demon tier beast.

"Absorb." Ray said and the crystal started to turn into dust in his hand. A faint glow was seen around his equipment and armour, powering him up even more. When all the energy had been absorbed, an almighty roar that shook the whole battlefield they were fighting on was heard.

[Dragons roar activated]

"It's Ray!" Martha said, as she was busy flying trying to navigate the best path to the grand mage Wiz. "He really made it."

The single roar from Ray had empowered all the members of the Redwings, they were finally able to push forward more so than ever before. Now that Ray had joined them as their leader they could see victory in sight.

Towards the front of the group, Jack now had the help of Noir, and both of them were battling with a demon tier beast. Although Noir was fast and able to attack the beast and hop out in time, it seemed like her attacks were doing nothing.

Seeing this, Jack decided to leap on and attach himself to Noir's body.

"Take me with you!" Jack said. With Noir being a wolf herself, she understood every word Jack was saying.

With the two of them pouncing in, Jack was able to use his claws to try and chip away at the demon beast bit by bit and the two of them thought they were finally getting somewhere, until the beast roared in anger and started to pound its chest with its rock fist like a gorilla. Several pieces of rock fell from his chest.

'His body is falling to pieces, why is he hurting himself?' Jack thought, watching on confused.

As the pieces of rock fell to the floor, underneath the red molten lava that was assumed to be the beast's blood was seen. It dripped down the beast's body and glowed an intense bright red hue.

"This may kill me, but it will get rid of everyone on this entire field!" The beast shouted as his chest started to light up and the power within him started to explode.

"You will not be doing that." A voice said, and soon the beast was being encased in ice. The ice was melting rapidly and turned to steam upon contact with the lava, but it seemed like the magic of whoever was using the ice was outpacing that of the beast. Eventually, the entire beast was encased in frozen ice.

Leaping up in the air, Ray was seen above with his dragon sword and had sliced the beast completely in half on his descent. He cut the ice again and again, one after another until the beast was finally in several small pieces. The beast that was glowing with lava just seconds ago, was now nothing but pieces of rock on the black ground and melted snow.

Seeing the beast gone, Jack felt his energy disappearing from his body and returned to his human self.

"Ray, you're here! How did you get so strong?" Jack asked.

"I've nearly regained all my powers." Ray said. "These beasts are nothing in front of the great dragon Sen." The next second, wings had quickly sprouted out from Ray's back and he jumped up to and began through the air.

Two of the Shadow guards that were causing a lot of trouble were destroyed in mere seconds by Ray and now he was going after the third one that was causing the most trouble.

"Ray!" Martha shouted, getting in front of his flight path. "Leave him to us. You have to get Van. You have to stop them from opening up the portal."

Looking up, Ray could see a portal opening up in the clouds and it was getting larger by the second.

"They are planning on bringing back all the dragons from the dead, not like last time, real dragons. You have to stop them!" She shouted.

'Dragons, why would the Shadow want to bring back the dragons?' Ray wondered. Seeing the portal opening up, he decided to trust Martha and do what she had said. He flew up to the high tower, where Van could be seen tied up and standing in front of him was the shadow man, the person behind all of this mess.

"So I finally get to meet you, you who have made my new life hell!" Ray shouted.

The shadow man started to laugh.

"We finally reunite after such a long time, Sen. I don't understand, isn't this what you wanted? You wanted to kill all the humans! So why are you stopping me, Sen? You should be standing by my side!"

Gripping his sword tightly, Ray was ready for a confrontation. He wasn't at full power just yet as one more set of the dragon equipment was needed, but that was lost with Gary forever. He had to confront the foe in front of him with the power he had.

"What are you talking about!" Ray shouted. "Who are you?"

"I'll make you remember who I am!" The shadow man shouted as he leapt forward. The two strongest forces the world had ever known were ready to clash.

*****

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 526: The truth behind the shadow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Behind the shadow man, Ray could see that Van was in great pain and the portal above him was almost opened. At the same time, he had noticed the magic circle underneath.

'That shadow man, he must be standing in front of Van because he needs to protect the magic circle.' Ray thought.

Looking at the ground and the tower that they stood on, Ray formulated a plan. If he brought the whole tower down and saved Van, then whatever the Shadow man had planned wouldn't be a problem at all, everything would be resolved.

Gathering the power in his fists, Ray lifted them in the air and was ready to slam them down on the ground, destroying the tower in one hit. He had gathered all of his power so that this seemingly impossible task would be easy for him.

When his fists hit the ground however, shadows rose up from the floor and his plan appeared to be thwarted before it had even begun. The castle walls didn't shake, the tower wasn't destroyed, the impact did nothing. It was as if his entire attack had been cancelled out by another force.

'The black shadow on the ground, that wasn't here before.' Ray noticed. When he looked up from the ground, he could see that the shadow man had both hands on the floor and had spread the shadow to cover the whole of the tower's ground, including where the magic circle was. When he looked over to Van, his energy was still being used to open up the portal.

"You could punch this tower a thousand times and it would never break." The shadow man said.

However Ray wasn't startled, he remained calm.

"Then the answer was simple from the very beginning. All I have to do is get rid of you!" Ray shouted, as large circular fireballs formed in each of his hands. The fireballs weren't the ordinary ones that Ray had created in the past, they burned an intense red colour.

Throwing them at the shadow man, he stood there fearless. The shadow from the man's body started to move and created a barrier and shadows appeared directly behind Ray as well. When the attacks hit the walls of shadow that were created, they had been redirected towards Ray.

He caught the attacks, creating flames on his hands, but the force was stronger than expected and it took a lot of magical ability to contain them. Eventually Ray hit them away towards the fortress. When they hit the castle walls that were unprotected by the shadow, it exploded and caused the whole place to burst and turn into flames.

"Sen, I always looked up to you because of your strength, and I thought you really would achieve your wish, but it looks like I have become strong enough to achieve it myself." The shadow man shouted over the noise of war and the burning fortress.

"Who are you!" Ray said, running forward with his dragon sword held in his hand. If magic wouldn't work, then he would just have to hurt him the old fashioned way.

Ray swung down his sword which was avoided by the shadow man, then Ray proceeded with a punch soon after. Once again a shadow wall had been raised and when Ray's hand touched the shadow, it started to slow him down as if it had been sunken into the shadow. Ray attempted to pull it away but before he could, he had been hit in the stomach and then soon after kicked by a giant foot.

The power was great and Ray was thrown through the air but before he could land, his body had gone through another shadow and now he was falling from the sky towards the shadow man.

"Maybe this will jog your memory." The shadow man said. Suddenly a tail made from shadows wrapped around Ray's body and held him in place and soon after the man's body started to change and shift, it was as if it was morphing into something else.

As the man grew in size, he leapt on top of another part of the castle and took Ray with him who was still being held by the tail. Finally his gigantic true form was revealed and everyone fighting beasts down below could see it as well.

"It's a..a..a dragon!" Those from the Redwings started to shout and panic.

"A dragon?" Martha thought as she looked up. She wondered if the portal had been successfully opened but it still seemed like it had a while to go. Seeing the dragon, she could see it was black in colour and certain areas of its body had shadow surrounding it. It's tail and the spikes on its back were all covered in the shadow.

"Is that the Shadow's true form, is that what we have been fighting against this whole time, an ancient dragon?" Thinking about this, she was now concerned for Ray as well.

Ray, having set eyes on a fellow dragon, felt a wave of memories come crashing back to him. When the dragons were on the verge of extinction, Ray had created a settlement and had gathered the last remaining dragons.

In that settlement, there was a young black dragon that lived there.

"Krad, is it really you?" Ray said in disbelief. He continued to struggle to break free from the dragon's tail. "I thought you had died in the settlement, are the others still alive?" Ray asked, as new hope was ignited inside of him.

"No, they are all dead, and it was all because of me!" Krad shouted. "I should have listened to you. You told us that all humans were evil, but I was just a young dragon and was curious. I was tricked by a human into showing them where the settlement was. I was afraid of what you would think of me, so I showed them while you were away and then they attacked us. They killed all of us, everyone except me.

"I was too ashamed to be the only one that had survived, I ran away after the attack happened, the others saved me even though they didn't know it was me who led the humans there. Then I heard of your rampage, how you wished to get revenge for what they had done. I looked up to you, cheered you on, but then rumours of your death had reached me.

"Ever since then I have done everything in my power to achieve your goal and to make up for my mistakes of the past. That's why I'm bringing all of the dragons back to our former glory!"

Every dragon was able to learn a unique ability, at the time Krad was still a young dragon and didn't have one, so Ray had no clue the power of the Shadow belonged to him. Everything that had happened with the Shadow was the result of Krad unlocking his unique ability and all the trauma that the young dragon had been through.

Although Ray once harboured the same feelings as Krad did, he didn't any more.

"Do you even know what you are doing!" Ray shouted. "What happened when you attempted to bring back a dragon last time? Those skulls and bones were not the dragons that I knew. Their time is done, let them rest in peace! As for the humans, of course there are bad ones and there are those that deserve to die, but there are those that don't as well!"

"And how can we tell the difference between good and bad humans, wait for them to kill us? Your days as a human have made you soft!" Krad shouted while pulling Ray closer to him with his tail, bringing him up directly to his giant razor sharp teeth and nostrils. With each breath, small shadows would appear from his nostrils.

'I'm not strong enough to fight a dragon of his calibre. I still haven't gotten all my strength back, if only I had the last piece of the dragon armour!' Ray thought.

"Don't worry Sen, I won't be killing you now. I want you to watch, because it's finally time for our brothers and sisters to return."

The portal high above in the sky was now starting to open up. It was large and white in colour, with the small centre of it starting to turn red. The centre gradually grew bigger, but then in the distance a small object could be seen falling through the sky, off balance and heading towards the tower.

"Wait a minute, that's-" Ray thought as he could see exactly who it was.

The small object landed on the tower and his blonde hair could be seen along with the gauntlet on his hand, shining as if it was brand new.

"What have I fallen into now?" Gary said, looking around.

********

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 527: Protect the humans!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just moments ago, Gary was shifting away in an unknown world. He didn't know exactly where he was, but it was full of mist and evermoving shadows. He had attempted multiple times to get out of the world but he never did find an exit, no matter how hard he tried. In addition, there was one person who was stuck there with him.

Time seemed to pass differently in this place, he didn't know if it had been days or weeks. This was the first time Gary had seen or spoken to another since he had been stuck here.

"It seems you are no longer affected by the shadow, young boy." A voice said.

Gary looked through the mist and could see who it was speaking to him, it was none other than the ex Dark Guild leader Morfran. For the first time, he didn't have his helmet on but the mist continued to move around his face, obscuring his features.

Gary looked at the gauntlet on Morfran's hand and it seemed to be true. Whatever was clouding Gary's judgement and talking to him in the past, the power within the gauntlet would dull it down until it disappeared.

However, Gary still remembered everything he had done during the time he was lost. Every time he thought of it he felt sick to the stomach, but he was used to it by now as he had plenty of time to think of all his wrong doings.

"And what about you?" Gary asked, carefully holding onto the gauntlet on his hand. Although the crazy power that was taking over his mind before didn't seem to be there now, the power the gauntlet had still felt very real, and it seemed like he could still use it. "You never seemed like you were possessed by power or the Shadow."

"No, I didn't think so either. However there was something strange about the armour he had given me. In the end I thought everything was being done by my will. I was confident about it, but it didn't seem to be the case at all." Morfran replied. "I came to tell you, it seems like someone is planning to open up a connection, a connection back to where we came from.

"You should take this opportunity to find it and head back to the others."

"But what about you?" Gary asked. "Will you be coming as well?"

Although Gary knew of Morfran's dark past, he felt like he had got to know him quite well and was concerned for him. After all, the two of them had been in similar situations and so Gary could empathise.

"I have lived my life." Morfran said, shaking his head. At that moment, in front of where Morfran stood, a portal started to open up in front of him, a very small one, and the sound of loud growling could be heard from all directions.

Gary couldn't even tell which direction they were coming from due to the mist.

"Besides, it was never my goal to kill all of the humans, so someone has to stay behind and make sure nothing else gets through." Morfran said with his hands covered in lightning. "On my family name, Morfran Graylash I will make sure to protect this place, now go!"

No longer hesitating, Gary ran forward before he could see a glimpse of the beasts that Morfran would have to face. As Gary stepped into the portal however, he tripped, only to find himself falling through the sky. Dropping from this height even with Qi, he knew he would be badly hurt.

Just before he landed on the tower he was hurtling towards, he activated the power of the gauntlet and managed to land head first, banging across the floor.

"What have I fallen into now?" Gary asked as he looked around. It didn't take him long to figure out the situation, Ray seemed to have been captured by a dragon that was full of shadows.

However, what was strange was as soon as Krad the dragon had seen Gary land on the tower, he no longer was focused on Ray but instead decided to head straight over to where Gary had landed.

"Crap! I wasn't expecting this as my grand return!" Gary shouted as he held out the gauntlet and fired it continuously at the dragon, but the shadows would move and block each of the attacks before it could touch the dragon's body.

'Wait, why is the dragon coming over to me? It's almost as if it's panicking.' Gary thought, seeing the dragon rush towards him. At that moment, he noticed a person was tied up next to him and the energy was seeping out from his body.

'This magic, I have to stop him from opening the portal up!'

For a brief second, Gary looked up and wondered about Morfran, but realised that he needed to forget about him for the moment. Gary knew that there should have been a magic circle for what Krad was trying to do, but with all the shadow around it was impossible to break or attack the magic circle. At that moment he came up with an idea that might just work.

Still on his body, he had the strange sword that had an eye and wing on it. Taking it quickly out, Gary rushed towards where Van was tied up and stabbed the ground with the sword. Whenever Gary would use the sword, creatures, special abilities, and magic seemed to be all negated by it, and he was hoping it would work now as well.

It seemed like it was working as the shadow surrounding the sword had quickly disappeared and the sword was lodged in part of the magic circle, disrupting it. Up above, the portal that had just opened, was slowly closing again.

"NOOOO!" The dragon roared out loud.

Firing the weakest attacks possible, Gary decided to hit the beam that Van was tied on to try and free him. Even though the energy was no longer being taken out of his body, he had passed out immediately from the attack. Then, using his strong body reinforced with Qi, he picked up the pillar with Van still tied to it, and tried to carry him away. However, within moments, Krad's giant body was soon in his way.

"Save him!" Gary shouted as he chucked the pillar over the fortress wall and managed to roll backwards in time as a giant claw attempted to hit him.

Now close to the dragon, Gary decided to attempt to climb up its other arm, quickly grabbing on and leaping up it. Shadows from its body soon followed Gary, but using the power of the gauntlet he was able to fire them away.

Although it didn't do any damage, it did seem to stop the shadow just a little bit.

"Ray, don't worry, I'll get you out of there and we can beat him together!" Gary shouted, as he was now on the dragon's back. Krad started to flail its gigantic wings and was planning a swift takeoff, hoping to throw Gary off the ground.

"Gary, don't worry about that! The gauntlet, if you can take it off now, give it to me!" Ray shouted.

From his brief interaction with Gary, Ray had figured out that he was sane again. He was back to who he was when they first met, but there was no time for celebrations.

Immediately putting trust in a friend he hadn't spoken to in a long time, Gary took off the gauntlet with hesitation and chucked it towards Ray.

Ray had been saving up his strength until he got the final piece of equipment, and as the gauntlet was getting closer to his body, he was reacting to it. The energy inside him was growing as the last piece of the dragon armour was heading his way.

By tensing all of his limbs he was able to break free from the shadow tail and use the wings on his back to fly towards the gauntlet, placing it on his hand and completing the dragon set. The weapons were made from Ray's old body and Ray's soul was united once more.

"Now I'm back." Ray said, looking at Krad.

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 528: The great end
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After attaching the last piece of the dragon armour that was thrown by Gary, Ray now felt stronger than he ever did before. His armour also started to illuminate and his body began to glow red.

'I feel so strong, my power has almost completely returned.' Ray thought, but there were still a few things he still couldn't do. Not all of his skills and abilities he had as a dragon had been passed on, and for some reason even with all the power he had, he still was unable to turn back into a dragon. Much to Ray's disappointment, he had to keep his half-dragon form.

Gary, knowing that a fight of epic proportions was about to happen, had decided that it was best for him to get out of there. He also was curious to see what the situation was with the person he had just thrown over the castle wall.

Remembering his training that he had done as a black sash night and the power he had in his body, it was quite easy for Gary to scale down the wall. That's when he noticed the beasts pouring out from multiple black portals and the war going on down below.

Thankfully though, he could see a familiar face with wings had caught Van. It was Martha, and she had successfully managed to catch Van while falling and take him back to safety. However, before leaving she had left behind two people in hopes to finish what she couldn't.

"That's Wilfred and Sir K!" Gary burst out in disbelief as he was halfway down the wall. He could see the two of them fighting multiple beasts? side by side in the centre. Each beast they slayed fell to the floor and bodies were piling up, but more and more kept coming. Even though Wiz was only a few meters away from them, they couldn't get any closer due to the beasts.

'Maybe I can.' From where Gary was he held out his hand and aimed it towards Wiz. That's when he quickly realised that he no longer had his gauntlet on his hand, nor did he have his own sword with him.

At that moment, while in the middle of his fight, Sir K had spotted Gary on the wall.

'What is he doing here, wasn't he trapped in the portal to the other world, but how?'

When their eyes met, he could see that Gary's vision wasn't clouded and instead was thinking of a way to attack Wiz from behind. Due to Wiz's ability, it was easy for him to run away. At most Gary would get one hit, and with his bare hands it would be hard to kill such a person.

At that moment, Sir K had made the decision. He dodged the claws of the strange dog looking beasts with a long neck and a singular eye. He had his two trusty dark black scimitar blades in his hands and then threw one of them high up in the air towards Gary to catch.

While fighting off an attack from the beasts and no longer having one of his blades, Sir K's shoulder was clawed and his armour had been ripped, but he kept his eyes up ahead waiting for what was to happen next.

Seeing the blade hurtling towards him, Gary saw his opportunity and leapt off the wall, grabbing the blade mid air. He couldn't reach the handle so he had no choice but to grab on to the bladed part, which cut through his hands with ease. Gary didn't flinch though, as he knew the pain and all of the blood that would be split was worth it to stop the Shadow.

Grabbing the sword firmly with both hands, he fell upon Wiz and dug the sword through the top of his head, also slicing his hands at the same time. However, when he let go of the sword and looked up, Wiz's body fell to the ground and the portals had closed.

The grand mage Wiz had been slain and now beasts were no longer pouring from the portals, the end of the war was in sight. With the number of beasts dwindling, Sir K and Wilfred could pace themselves through the remaining few. Above, Gary could hear the sound of wings flapping as Martha landed next to him.

"You did a good job, and welcome back." Martha said with a smile, placing him on her back and flying away.

"Wait, what about Ray!" Gary shouted, but looked back and could see a large dragon on top of the tower on one side, and a human shaped figure flying with red wings and holding a sword on the other.

"Can't you feel that power, even the beasts can. It's safer if we get away from here and let him do his own thing." Martha said.

Such power was radiating from the two beings in the air that the beasts that were closest to the castle started to run off, doing anything they could so they wouldn't be absorbed and consumed by the powers.

The fighting below was starting to slow down but there was still one more fight until the war was over.

Martha had successfully brought back Gary to the Redwing leaders along with everyone else.

"Is that Ray, is he really going to go up against that dragon?" Katie asked.

"Remember that Ray is a dragon as well." Lenny said.

"Yes, and not just any dragon. The strongest dragon that has ever existed, the Great red dragon Sen." Martha added.

"Still, Ray isn't a dragon right now right, he's weaker than he was before, and the shadow, who would have thought it was a dragon all along, can he really win?" Katie wondered, and she wasn't the only one. There were a few others that doubted if Ray could win.

"Ray will win this fight.'' Jack said. "He has always succeeded in everything he has done, that's why all of us chose to follow him, right? The only thing we can do now is watch, watch him defeat the Shadow once and for all."

Ray's wings continued to flap away and his face looked unworried. Even without all of his abilities he had in the past he still had the same power.

"Sen, do you really love humans that much?" Krad shouted. "Have you fallen in love with them so much that you now have chosen a human form over that of a dragon!"

Ray didn't reply to his taunt, he knew it was useless. How many lives and good people had died because of the shadow? At one point, Ray could have also gone down this dark path, and he could see that Krad couldn't be saved.

"It is with regret that I have to be the one to kill the real last dragon." Ray said as he dived straight toward Krad.

Ray was fast and agile, the dragon attempted to chase him with his shadow and also tried to hit him with his tail, but Ray's swift movements made it impossible to catch him. However, whenever Ray striked with the dragon sword, the shadow would always move to block the attack on Krad's body.

Even with all his strength, it meant nothing if he couldn't even hit the dragon. That's when Ray set his eyes upon the sword, the strange sword that was left behind by Gary that could negate certain powers, and it seemed to work with the shadow as well.

Diving forward and flying as fast as he could, Ray went through a narrow gap in the great dragon's wings and reached the strange sword, taking it out from the ground. Krad the dragon was confident that there was nothing that could harm him, so confident that he had attempted to bite down on Ray, but instead the strange sword was thrusted into the bottom of the dragon's jaw and cut through into its mouth.

"I'm sorry young dragon, if only I had done a better job at protecting you all. I won't make the same mistake with them." Ray said, as he gathered all the energy he could into his dragon sword. The gem inside the sword lit up and the aura around it could be seen, making it appear three times bigger than it was.

Swinging downward, Ray had sliced at the dragon's head, and a red line was seen going through the whole of Krad's body.

At that moment, the dragon's skin started to fade and it's body started to shiver up slightly, as Krad's life was coming to an end.

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 529: 999/1000
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'How many years has it been?' Ray wondered as he sat down on his own in a room created by himself. He started to think about the Dragon Krad and everything that had happened with the Shadow.

In the middle of these thoughts, the sound of crying could be heard. When he looked down, there was what resembled a fat potato with limbs.

"Boy, I know you just want attention but I have no clue what you want." Ray said as he slowly started to swing his arms back and forth trying to calm him down.

"Can you please swing him gently, he's a baby. If he falls out of your hands what do you think will happen to him!" Sylvia said, agitated.

"Well he is my son, so he should at least survive a fall from this height." Ray joked.

Taking the baby out of Ray's arms, Sylvia decided to take him to get some food before he threw up from being swung around too much.

'This parenting thing is difficult.' Ray thought.

As Sylvia left the room, another person had entered with a staff in her hand. She was once an enemy but now Ray didn't harbour any hard feelings towards her.

"What do you want, hag!" Ray said.

At least his feelings weren't as strong as before.

"You live a happy life now and you even have a kid, I just came to give you my usual warning." Bliss said. "Keeping that crystal from the Shadow Dragon will do you no good. It might cause more trouble than good."

"I already told you I won't get rid of it. Do you have anything else you want to tell me?" Ray asked.

She paused for a second and wondered if she should say what she wanted to say, but after letting out a big sigh she decided to leave it.

"Ray, I have to thank you. You achieved my wish and everyone else's wish, but everyday you now live in fear. I feel you have to prepare for the worst that might come. You are only denying it." Bliss said.

Ray knew what Bliss was talking about as they had gone over this many times before. When the shadow dragon was defeated, many things started to happen. The shadow remained in those that were infected but new infected no longer appeared. The land had also started to cleanse itself and the Redwings started to claim certain pieces of land bit by bit.

Several meetings had taken place between the kingdoms as to what to do with the shadow continent. At first, Ray thought that since only the Alure kingdom and Redwing kingdom had helped in defeating the shadow, it should be rightfully theirs, but Sylvia claimed that it wasn't the right thing to do and would cause more problems later on.

Finally they came to the conclusion that the land should split between all of the kingdoms, with the Redwings being able to pick their portion of land first. However despite being invited several times, the Empire had stayed completely out of negotiations, not responding to any of their invitations.

Everything seemed to be going well and Ray was even able to settle down. Finally Sylvia and Ray had made their feelings clear for each other, they had even gotten married and had a child. Everyone from the Redwings attended the wedding ceremony and Gary was even made to be their best man.

Ray had tried to reach out and invite his mother, but had no clue where she was and assumed she was at least still in the Empire.

But Bliss was talking about the future, how it couldn't keep up. Not because there was another threat on the horizon, but because of Ray's system itself.

Everything still worked for Ray, the system, the Redwing symbols, the communications and skills. Everything was still the same, and that included the first quest he had ever received from the system.

His first ever quest was to save a 1000 lives and it was still the last one he had to complete. After defeating the shadow, the system had decided he had saved many lives that day. In all honesty, he thought the quest would be complete but for some reason the system only completed about nine tenths of the quest.

Life after the Shadow was still filled with natural disasters and regular beast attacks, this meant that Ray would be still saving people's lives and this was slowly bringing him closer to completing his quest. He had also become more popular with those in the Redwing kingdom, but lately he hadn't ventured outside of the castle walls no matter what troubles had occurred.

This was because his quest was now at 999/1000. If Ray was to save one more life, then he would complete the final quest. Bliss was unsure what would happen when Ray did complete the quest but she had a guess and he did as well.

There was a reason why despite Ray getting all his powers back he was unable to transform back to his dragon self, and it was due to the spell that was placed on him. If he saved one more life then Ray would once again turn back into a dragon.

At least that was the theory of it all anyway.

Rumors started to spread that the king was sick, or his power had diminished from what it once was before. The honest truth was, Ray just didn't want to leave the life he had built. He was afraid and so he chose to stay in the castle, living with Sylvia, his Redwing members, and his newborn son.

Seeing the look in Ray's eyes, Bliss decided to leave him be for now.

'She's right. Sooner or later something will happen, and I should at least prepare for it.' Ray thought.

Only he didn't realise that it would be sooner rather than later.

Inside the Redwing council room an emergency meeting was taking place. Sylvia had been called and the crying baby was handed over to Auntie Martha and Uncle Monk to look after when they could.

"Tell me, what's the emergency?" Sylvia asked.

"It's the Empire, they have finally made their move." Lenny spoke. "Overnight the entire kingdom of Dunlock has been obliterated and it seems to be the Empire's doing. From our investigation it was the same person that had been used to destroy the Shadow's fortress in the great war. It's being used now and they are heading for the next kingdom as we speak."

*******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 530: The ancient weapon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Empire was always a threat to the other kingdoms, before the shadow continent even existed they had attempted to conquer each kingdom one at a time, it was only because of the Shadow that the Empire had formed an alliance. Now that there no longer was the Shadow to worry about, the kingdoms were half expecting something like this, especially since they had refused to attend any of the meetings.

However they didn't expect an entire kingdom to be destroyed in a single night. The other kingdoms were already panicking, thinking that they wouldn't survive an attack and that their only hope was the group of Redwings that had destroyed the Shadow previously.

Inside the council room, the leaders were busy making their cases and deciding what to do, the only piece of information they had was that the Empire had used a piece of strong ancient machinery in their attack.

Luckily, the contraption seemed to take some time to move to the next kingdom.

"We knew the Empire could be planning something, we even thought they might have attacked us years ago when we were fighting against the Shadow. It's clear that now they are ready, they will go through every kingdom until they reach us and if they do that, Ray will…" Sylvia couldn't get the words out.

She knew the truth of why Ray hadn't gone out, after all the two of them were married now and they had no secrets between each other, but they had decided not to tell anyone else.

"It would be best if we stop them before they reach the kingdom." Gary said, holding the special sword in his hand, at one point people were afraid it's power would possess him but after living with the gauntlet, it had no such effect on Gary now. "I will take an army and we will fight with the kingdom of Cylstenia calling to their aid. If we have their help we shouldn't have to use many of our own people. If we fail, we can regroup and attempt again when they go through to the next kingdom."

Sylvia didn't like that Gary was volunteering, since coming back he had gone on many trials in an attempt to make up for what he had done. Gary had practically become Ray's joint second hand man along with Jack.

If Ray found out that Gary was sent to sort the issue, he would know it was a big deal. Whether Ray liked to admit it or not, he didn't want any of his friends to get hurt.

"Very well. Choose who you want to take with you, I'll send Jack and another group to the borderline of the next kingdom. If you get in trouble you can fall back and allow Jack to stall them for the time being." Sylvia said.

The group knew they didn't have much time, if a kingdom had been annihilated in a single day, then every day spent trying to deal with the problem would be devastating to the continent of Bronzeland.

Along with Gary, Monk and Martha decided to tag along with five thousand members of the Redwings. The army had grown since their last war with the Shadow due to many people taking refuge with the Redwings. The army had been split into two different groups, the Redwing members who each were linked to Ray, they also had the top beast gear and were well trained while the others were known as the Wing army. They were still strong but the resources and time spent training them were completely different.

The army was separated into two groups like this to honour the troops that had fought against the Shadow. Ray believed these should be rewarded and their name known far and wide, and five thousand of these were now heading to fight another enemy.

Sylvia had returned to the throne room with baby in hand, since Martha and Monk would be going off to battle.

"What's going on?" Ray asked straight away.

"Can I really not hide anything from you?" She asked. "I will tell you but you have to promise that you won't leave me, your job is now being a father and looking after us. You've already done enough for everyone else." Sylvia was almost shouting at him.

However, Ray didn't say anything. He never made a promise he wasn't sure he couldn't keep.

"The Empire is attacking kingdoms. Gary and the others have been sent and Jack is going as a reserve, you should trust them, they are strong." Slyvia said.

Almost as if on cue after saying those words, the baby started to scream heavily.

In order for the group to travel as quickly as possible, a large transportation circle was made by Bliss. Lenny would be going in first to be on the other end in case they needed to send certain individuals back.

During the years since the war with the Shadow, they had gathered plenty of strong beast crystals that could help with the transportation. Once the circle was activated, it lit up and a few seconds later the army of five thousand had disappeared into it.

——

Inside the kingdom, King Hon was there to greet the Redwings. His army stood out in a plain open field with around fifty thousand men. That's why when he saw the five thousand members of the Redwings arrive for support, he was quite shocked by how few people were there.

"What is this?" Hon said. "We are going up against the Empire. They have forces as large as all of the kingdoms combined!"

"One of our own is worth a thousand of your fighters. Don't worry, we have brought enough power to help you." Gary said, walking forward with Lenny, Monk, and Martha.

The groups were organised with the Redwing members going to certain squads in the army, and a squad team was sent out front. The King however had remained behind, hurrying to his castle where he believed it was safe.

It didn't take long to see flags of the Empire being carried by hundreds of men, but that wasn't what stood out. Instead it was the giant machine that seemingly moved on its own and had a shell on its back like a turtle. From the protective shell, a giant cannon stuck out of the front of it.

What was even more amazing was all the small particles in the air. They looked like balls of energy that could be seen hovering around and were going into the Empire's machine.

"Are those balls of energy mana, have they been able to invent a machine that is able to take mana out of the air?" Lenny spoke out loud, and now he was realising how devastating this was.

The giant machine and the army were around a hundred meters away from the kingdom when the cannon started to light up with a giant white energy.

"We have to get out of here now!" Lenny shouted.

Seeing how much trouble they were in, Martha spread her giant wings. Monk jumped on her back, while Lenny and Gary held on to her legs as she flew up in the air.

"What about the other-" Gary was about to say, as a huge explosion louder than any other they had ever heard was set off.

Ringing was felt in their ears and they couldn't hear a thing. A bright white light was seen a second ago, but now they were all blinded.

When the ringing started to calm down and the white light faded, they looked below to see an army that was no more, including the five thousand Redwings. The entire kingdom was gone in seconds, just like the one before it.

"What in the world…we are doomed." Lenny shouted as his hearing was still damaged from the explosion.

"We have to get back to Jack and the others to tell them that it's hopeless. Maybe we can come up with something else." Monk said.

"Wait, what's that, on the giant turtle's back!" Gary pointed out, it looked like a human was strapped onto the device.

Since turning part beast, Martha had improved eyesight and when looking closely, her eyes widened out of shock.

"That's….Ray's mother."

******

For MDS updates and artwork you can follow on instagram and Facebook:jksmanga

If you would like to support the idea of a manga being created you can on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 531: Saying goodbye
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Martha dragging the others along, they soon had met with Jack and the other survivors that were on the border of the next kingdom. They had the difficult task of telling them all of the devastating news.

"What do we do now?" Monk asked in a panicked state.

"I would have suggested teleporting everyone back, and we could deal with it at Avrion." Lenny suggested. "However there is quite the problem. The beast crystals that we could have used have vanished along with everything from the previous kingdom."

The panic was now not just felt with those of the Redwings but the bordering kingdom of Castlyena. This was the next kingdom that Jack and the other Redwing members had stationed at.

"Then we have no choice, we have to ask for help, we have to ask what Sylvia believes is best. Yes we can go back, but that means everyone in this kingdom and the one after it will perish." Gary said. "And Ray deserves to know, he deserves to know that his mother is being used by them."

——

Meanwhile, a distance away the young emperor was laughing his head off as he witnessed a city fall in a matter of seconds.

"I don't know why I ever listened to that stupid God Sera." The emperor said. " 'I would regret going against the Redwings' It was because of his advice that I waited so long to attack! I guess it was a good thing that we waited after all, who would have thought that no key was needed to activate the ancient weapon left behind, all we needed was the blood of a direct family member!"

Ray's mother had decided to remain in the Empire, hoping to find a cure for the Cursed but in the middle of her search she had been captured, and when one of her old followers recognised who she was, the experiments began.

The emperor had his suspicions that it couldn't have been the only key to activate the said ancient weapon, after all what would happen if a pendant was destroyed or lost? In the end, he found out that the pendant had been made using the family's bloodline.

"Let's search on to the next kingdom, I want to get rid of the Redwings by the end of this week." The emperor said.

While Ray's mum had been strapped to top of the giant contraption, her arms and legs were spread out wide on a circle contraption and needles hung from certain parts of her body. She looked pale and weak, even some of the emperor's men thought that perhaps she wouldn't last too much longer. When one of the emperor's men had voiced his concerns, he had been killed in an instant and it was by the emperor's own hand.

———

Inside the throne room, Sylvia had stepped out for a second and then returned inside, she was silent and didn't say anything to Ray.

"There's trouble, isn't there? Something that they can't handle." Ray said.

Sylvia nodded her head and tears were already falling down her face.

"I knew this day would come, but I just didn't think it would come so soon. I know you have to go."

"I don't Sylvia, you were right the first time. I have a family here to raise, we can sort this out another way."

"We can't!" Sylvia said, shaking her head. Sylvia then went on through a face full of tears to explain the report she had just received, about the weapon that had been used and the fact that Ray's mother was seen on the weapon itself.

Ray touched the necklace that he kept around his neck.

"Sylvia, you are the best thing that ever happened to me. You know, I always think back to the time that I changed, when my views changed. There were two times in my life where that happened, the first was when Gary had saved me from almost being killed by a woman in my village.

"It was the first time a human had sacrificed their life for mine. The second time was when you said that I wasn't a monster."

After finishing his speech, Ray's back sprouted his large red wings and the next second his body started to vanish as he teleported to the Redwing army's side.

"Ray!" Gary said as soon as he saw him. "What are you doing here, are you okay, can you even be out here?"

"Yeah, I thought you were sick or something. We messaged Slyvia thinking she would send support but we didn't think you would come." Monk stated.

Ray looked at the close friends he had made during his life as a human. It was a short life compared to his dragon life, but it was a good one. All of these people cared for him even after learning the truth.

"Everyone, you will not have to worry about it. I will deal with it, but I want you all to promise me - in my place you will make sure that the world is a peaceful one. I want you to at least do it, for my family."

Before the others could say anything, Ray flew off into the distance, flying away until he could no longer be seen.

It didn't take long for them to see a series of explosions, destruction and more. Ray was using all of his power as the great dragon Sen and all of his abilities he had gained, the great ancient weapon didn't even have a chance to fire off, and it would never fire again.

If one was to look at the current scene, all they could now see was Ray in a field full of carnage and flames sprouting everywhere. There were destroyed pieces of the great creation spread across the field and he now held his mother in his arms.

"Ray…you saved me." She said.

Holding her, he could see how weak she was and decided to transfer some of his own energy into her, bringing her new life, but there was another reason for this.

"Mother, I haven't been completely honest with you." Ray said.

Through the transferring of energy, Ray's mother also experienced all of his memories, everything he had done to this point, and even scenes of him having killed his own father.

"I'm so sorry mother, I should have told you everything from the start."

"It's okay Ray, I always knew you were special."

At that moment, with his mothers life having been saved and possibly many others, the last quest showed up on the system as completed.

[1000/1000 task has been completed]

Ray started to walk away from his mother as something strange started to happen to his body, it was splitting into small particles and from his feet upwards they were drifting into the wind.

"What is happening to you!" Ray's mother cried out.

"I thought when I had saved a 1000 lives I would get my dragon body back, but that doesn't seem to be the case at all. It seems like my time is done here." Ray said with a shaky voice. "Mother, there is a child waiting for his grandmother at home, I hope the Talen family grow up strong and continue to do amazing things."

The last thing she saw was a smile of relief and acceptance on Ray's face before it completely vanished into the wind.

This was where the great human Ray's story had ended.

*******

There is one more important Chapter after this! So please read the last chapter tomorrow!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 532: Three worlds in one
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a regular old high school, it was the only thing that could be said about the place. Kids were running through the school halls in their uniforms. Some were playing in the playground while the teachers continued to tell off some of them for being too energetic.

On top of the school roof, a single student was seen looking out behind a fence. He had red spiked hair and looked at all the students and the city out in the distance.

"You always did like high places with nice views. You're quite easy to track down. You know if someone was looking for you it would be easy to find you." A female student said walking towards the red haired one.

"Well, it's a good thing that no one is looking for me anymore. I guess it just means I'm no longer needed." The boy said with a smile. "The days of the great dragon Sen protecting the human race seem to be over."

The red haired boy in the school uniform was none other than Ray. A long time ago, when Ray had completed his 1000 tasks he was spot on with his guess as to what would happen to him. He had reverted back to his dragon self, but at that moment, after saying his goodbyes, he wondered if the world needed him anymore, he had lived a long life, but at the same time he wasn't ready to fully leave everyone behind.

Although as cruel as it might have been at the time, Ray knew what he was doing. He decided to trick his mother into making it so his body looked like it was disappearing using one of his spells, but he would continue to protect the world in his dragon form. From time to time he would also transform himself as a human to protect the others.

Many things happened that Ray got to witness. The closing of the beasts' nests. The humans had destroyed almost every single one on earth leaving none of them. The advancement of technology and the growth of the world. However, there were some sad parts as well.

The death of his friends, family and more, he saw all of them pass on with time but continued to protect the race from any upcoming threats, until today. He had requested Bliss to come fetch him as he had one last thing he wanted to do.

"You know, you could just carry on living your life as a human, you don't have to do this Ray. There are still dangers out there they might face." Bliss said. "The gods' powers have weakened over time, and even those with powers don't realise it since there has been no need for them to be used. Magic is almost non-existent, only a few families pass it on and have decided to keep it a secret."

Ray took a deep sigh, and looked at his hands, his body and the whole school behind him.

"I grew to like my human form that's all, and why do you think I asked you to take me to that place again. The humans are playing with fire, have you heard of this new thing called the Alterds? They are finding old beasts fossils and mixing them with humans to create some type of superhuman. Still, I just think that my time to look over them has ended, perhaps there are others that will take over the job for me when I'm gone, and if need be, I will guide them a little bit."

"Very well." Bliss replied. "I see you have made up your mind."

Walking away together, Ray thought he was going to miss this world, but he had thought that for a long time already.

"Hey, did you know that Jack's ancestor goes to this school. I think his name is Gary or something, he has some wild Green hair." Bliss said.

"There was a reason why I picked this school." Ray chuckled back.

The two of them walked down an alleyway between two large buildings and then, pulling out her special wand that was disguised as an umbrella, she started to draw a magic circle large enough for the two of them to fit inside.

Tapping the umbrella it started to light up, and the two of them were transported to an island landing on the beach. Ray looked around him and all he could see was a large grand piece of sea.

"This is the second time you have been here, you do know if you do it again, you will lose your life."

Ray didn't say anything, and just walked forward knowing his answer already.

Walking with Bliss, she took him to the centre of the island, and soon they found themselves in the centre, halfway to the top of a mountain. In a part that was more flat stood a giant stone tablet. Larger than when Ray was in his dragon form.

"I hope it can hold the rest of my power." Ray said, as he walked up to the tablet and was prepared to do what he needed to be done.

Ray then placed both his hands on the large tablet, and the energy from his body including all the power inside him was being transferred over. A very long time ago, when the earth was in a peaceful period, Ray had stored half of his powers in the tablet as a type of test to see what would happen. At the same time, Bliss had created a set of commands. The power that was being stored inside the tablet was all of the abilities Ray had. And from the tablet his powers would be spread to those that it suited most and when it felt like they needed them.

'This is my final gift to the world. If in the future there is a threat too great for the humans to handle, then perhaps they can put my powers to good use. This much power should never be in the hands of a single being. I hope the humans can learn to unite and fight the threat together.'

Then when all of his abilities were finished being placed in the tablet, his body started to split apart into glowing particles once more. This time, it wasn't his doing, his body really was disappearing.

"Even if the whole world forgets what you did for them Ray, I will always remember."

The End

Authors note: My Dragon system is part of a trilogy series, with Dragon being the first in the series.

If one was to read the system series in Chronological order it would go.

My Dragon system, My Werewolf System, My vampire System.

However, if you would like to read them as and when they were written it would be.

My Dragon system, My Vampire System and My Werewolf System