

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1 - 1: An ancient...book? Scammed?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The nights of the 4th month were freezing. That was especially so in the Southern Lust City, nudged on the southern edge of the Sacred Lust continent.

Soft moonlight illuminated the night with its inherent beauty, and the silence of the weather was only broken by some stoneflies that chirped and night birds who Koo-cooed.

Today's night was no different from other nights of this time—it was cold, and there was a non-stop breeze.

But the cold breeze wasn't an issue to the two people, a youthful woman and a young man, currently perched on their house's roof. They had gotten used to the cold, and even though their breaths puffed, it was an everyday experience.

"Xiao Li, wake up, wake up! In just 10 minutes, you will turn eighteen," called the woman's gentle voice. But the youth, Han Li, just lazily laid on her lap without much interest.

He puffed out some cold air and looked at the sky, his head resting on his mother's thighs. Pondering life.

Eighteen years of age… that was when the others would have their 3rd Awakening, and he was sitting above his house looking at the sky…

It was pretty funny. Even sad in some sense. Since, unlike them, he couldn't even have his first Awakening, not to mention the third. After all, he didn't have a Spark.

Seeing his vacant gaze, his mother, Yue Li, felt her heart ache. She pinched his cheeks gently and asked, "What are you thinking of Xiao Li?"

Han Li turned his gaze to his mother's brownish-black eyes, her face now illuminated by the glow of the moonlight. How… beautiful.

He casually admired her for a second without a word. And then said with irritation, "I am just wondering what kind of gift my stupid mother wasted a whopping 300 Sacred coins on."

That was half of his usual monthly income, the income that they usually delegated for their rather fine lifestyle.

Yue Li shifted her gaze in shame and said with uncertainty, "It was your birthday after all..."

She just couldn't hold back. How can she let her son not have a gift on his birthday?

Han Li sighed.

He was grateful for her care, but still... They would have to eat just plain rice and live cheap for the next few days; that was their essential money. Being cheapskates for the next month seems to be the only way now. Or he would have to be lucky enough to get more commissions.

Well, whatever. It was his silly mother, and she was allowed to make mistakes. But still, he could only be ashamed that he couldn't feed her well.

"So, what is the gift? Show me," he asked, curious.

"So you do want a gift!" Yue Li exclaimed, her gloomy mood brightening.

"I never said that." Han Li said with a click of his tongue.

Yue Li smiled, ruffling his black hair, and said with a laugh, "I don't know if it will work, but it is a worthy gamble. If it worked, it would be a big win after all."

Han Li frowned at the words and asked, "Did someone scam you again, Mom?"

It wasn't even a proper gift that she bought for him? Uh…

"No, I was not scammed this time," she said, but even she herself heard the pinch of uncertainty in it, "I took it on purpose to see our luck."

That only made Han Li's face darken; he hated it when someone other than him scammed his mother. And this… stank of a scam.

Yue Li took a small, inconspicuous, ancient-looking, black book from her side and showed it to him. He looked at it and asked, "Is this the gift?"

Yue Li nodded. "The merchant who sold me this said that this book could only be read by the chosen one and that even a fish can become a dragon if they use this, and he even said a Spark-less person might be able to cultivate if they had this. But I couldn't read anything whatsoever. It was all blank. But what if you are the chosen one?"

Han Li didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "Wasn't anyone there to tell you not to buy it?"

Yue Li coughed gently. "The Merchant gave it to me covertly since it would be more expensive if more people wanted it. We don't want an auction, right?"

Han Li leaned towards his mother's face. He asked, annoyed, "Do you still remember the Merchant's face?"

"I do! Of course, I do! He is the one who comes whenever the Awakening ceremonies occur. I had seen him many times in the city."

Han Li gently planted a kiss on her forehead and said, "How dare he scam my mom? We will let him know what trouble is."

"You haven't even looked at it, though..." Yue Li said with frustration. "What if it works?"

"Well, if you insist," Han Li took the book from her hands and looked at its cover. It seemed ancient, and the cover was rough to the touch, like a genuinely luxurious product—an impressive scammer.

He flipped to the first page, and his heart immediately skipped a beat: Demon Transformation Sutra. It was written there in bold writing.

"Mom, you said you can't see anything here at all? Can't you see this too?"

He showed her the page, but she only saw a blank yellowed paper, no marks, no letters, nothing. She shook her head. But then, both of their eyes brightened... Jack…

Jackpot?!

"What does it say?!" Yue Li exclaimed and snuggled into his embrace to see the blank page.

Excited himself, Han Li said, his black eyes shining like a dark moon, "Let me read first. I will read it to you afterwards."

He flipped to the next page, and the words there startled him.

"You have thus become The inheritor of me, the Sacred Lust Demon."

Han Li gulped.

He had heard of that name. No, everyone and their mothers had heard of that name. It was the title of one of the Seven Sacred Demons. As said in legends, in the age when life had just started budding, seven great demons ruled the world. And Sacred Lust Demon was one of them.

Even their continent was named after him since he was the one who ruled over it in that prosperous era—Sacred Lust Continent.

Even more excited, Han Li flipped to the next page and read: "The emotion of Lust had always enamored me. From the moment I was born to this day, while I am dying, I have never reached the limits of Lust. I could never attain that apex of Cultivation. So, I relay my inheritance to the future generation; it isn't much, just the way to transform a human body into a body similar to mine.

Yet, I hope ye shall reach the apex through this, to surpass and go beyond me. And if you do, don't forget to revive me, your first Master."

Han Li gulped and then looked at the page below, and there it was, written in all its majesty, the full details of the cultivation methods, a corpus full of guidance in the general path of Cultivation, guidance from the Sacred Demon himself, written under one single title: The Demonic Lust Sutra.

The mere prospect made cold sweat matt his back. This was no joke!

He didn't continue to read all that, and for now, he only minded one thing. He had seen other Cultivation Methods in his Starlight Family's library. That made him wonder if this Sutra was actually helpful for him in any way.

All of them usually required him to have a Power Spark inside him, but unfortunately, he didn't, and even for the people who had Sparks, Cultivation Methods only came into use much later in their path—after they became stronger.

What was different in this one?

As far as he knew, a person without a power spark was trash. Can this change that?

However, even if he couldn't cultivate it, he could sell the Sutra for much more money than just 300 coins.

But a faint hope lit up inside his guts.

Maybe… just maybe…

No, it was not faint. It was screaming.

His gaze roamed the pages and soon found out what he was looking for, written under "Requirements of using the method." Clearly and concisely.

Only one person can use the main method of the Demonic Lust Sutra at a time. The Cultivator has to be at least 15 years of age and also a Male. They should not have a Power Spark of any type already inside them; if they do, they have to get rid of it. Only one of the wielders of the 7 Sacred Eyes is capable of seeing the scripture.

Sacred Eyes?

What is that?

And I have that?

Confused, Han Li couldn't believe what he saw and almost felt like he was dreaming. Blankly looking at his mother, he asked, "Who was the merchant you cheated this out of again?"

Yue Li blinked and, seeing his disbelieving expression, exclaimed, "So it is something good? So can it solve your issue with being unable to cultivate now?"

She didn't care for the possible money, and she knew how much he wanted to cultivate. If that happened, she was happy enough.

Han Li didn't answer and instead hugged her tightly; his heart was beating too loudly, and only after feeling the warmth her body emitted could he feel it was all real. This was not a dream!

He could cultivate!

A sutra existed in this world that didn't need a Spark, and it chose him. He even had some kind of unique eyes that even the great Sacred Demon found special.

Han Li looked into his mother's eyes and smiled, a smile of pure hope, a dangerous emotion.

He couldn't even speak clearly in reply due to excitement.

"So your mother is indeed not stupid." Yue Li smiled, ruffling her son's hair; her heart floated at seeing Han Li genuinely happy after a long time.

But she also felt a bit worried.

What if it didn't work in the end? She could only hope it would work.

Nevertheless, seeing him still hug her like an infant and feeling the warm tears streaming down her cold back, Yue Li smiled in his embrace.

Whatever that comes, she could only hope it was for the better.

"Don't worry, your mom is not going anywhere, the hug is too tight, and where are you kissing, not on the nape, you idiot…" she choked out with a laugh.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2 - 2: Demonic Lust Sutra
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night was deep in, and the moon was now hidden behind a layer of clouds. The cold fog was cold enough to make the ones exposed to them shiver.

The snow season had yet to come, even though it was already rather freezing. But on this cold night, on top of his home's roof, Han Li sat up after explaining what he had already read in the book to his mother.

Everything about the requirements, sacred demon, and what it all meant.

And his mother sat at his side, also filled with hope and expectations. They were both born here and grew up in these cold lands; the cold was nothing new to them.

Yue Li kept looking into the blank page with her gaze, but she couldn't see anything; it was just yellowed ancient paper, whereas Han Li, who could see it, started reading the demonic, dark-covered book.

The pages were detailed, and there were in-depth explanations of what to do in order to get what. It was clear-cut and concise. Yet, it was hard for him to see the whole picture; most of it seemed unidentifiable jibberish.

Those were some chants—that was all he could tell. It was confusing; thus, he skipped such details.

Even though he was born in one of the three big clans of the city, Starlight Family, he was born without a Starlight Spark—or any Power spark for that matter—and was thus ignored by the higher-ups and never even taught the basics. There was no reason to.

And he had never gone out of his way to study the Power Path either; it was all very confusing to him except the most common of common knowledge.

So, reading the book, he couldn't understand most of what it was saying, so he didn't try to get more confused and focused on only one part.

How can he start cultivation without a Power Spark?

Only that was important.

The rest was filler, as his mother smilingly commented.

It was common knowledge that people like him, scarce as they were, born without a Spark, could never cultivate.

So how can he cultivate?

Looking further, he found exactly what he was looking for and read on with interest, everything he knew about Sparks and such streaming through his head.

'In ordinary people's Power Cultivation, being born with a Spark and going through the three Awakenings was normal.

'First, at 13 years of age.

'Second at 15 and the third Awakening at 18.

'By making the spark within them ignite with higher and higher intensity until, in the third awakening, the spark materializes outside the body.'

That was common sense.

But in this book, he could see it was different. Even before the first Awakening, there was something in its guidance: acquiring his own Power Spark.

His forehead started to sweat slightly.

Nobody had ever gone on to become a Cultivator from someone without a Spark. He was making a legend now. More than that, he could get a Spark of his own.

That was his greatest dream!

Something that had been beyond him till this very moment.

He took a deep, deep breath and steadied his beating heart. The only reason he thought it was real was his mother, who could not see the words on the page.

'First step in the path…' he read, and his heart skipped, 'was giving birth to a Lust Spark.'

His eyes shined.

'Lust spark, it sounds a bit Immoral...'

But then his eyes turned determined; it was a Spark that he was talking about. As long as he had it, his and his mother's life would be far different.

So he read on, 'To cultivate a Lust Spark in the Soul, you have to recite the sutra below while copulating with a Virgin Woman. Be mindful not to go wrong with the words even slightly as the chance would be lost.' And below it was one of the jibberish that he couldn't understand, filled with meaningless words.

But one thing was sure: this sutra was similar to those infamous Dual Cultivation Sutras he had heard about.

He couldn't help but find his heart skipping another beat.

Copulate with a Virgin woman? Where the hell was he supposed to find one?

Yue Li poked him with a finger and asked, "Xiao Li, what does it say? Can you cultivate it now?"

Han Li hesitated but said, "…It Says I have to find a wife to begin cultivating it."

Startled, Yue Li's eyes trembled. She couldn't help but suddenly become scared and silent...

And Han Li immediately saw through her emotions. He had seen her his whole life; he could read her like a book.

"What, Mom, are you sad?" he asked gently.

Yue Li didn't speak and stayed silent; what kind of bad mother would she be if she wanted to keep him sealed in her small world? She knew the world was vast and that her Xiao Li deserved more.

Even though they were as close as a mother and son could possibly be, a wife in a man's life was only natural. Her Xiao Li marrying someone was also natural.

She should be ashamed of herself for even thinking like that. Her son deserved all the happiness; she should be happy for him now. He just had to find a girl to marry, and his dream would be fulfilled.

She shook her head and asked with a smile, "Nothing, Xiao Li, so what are you going to do?"

Han Li frowned and went closer to her, then hugged her from the back and laid his chin on her shoulders, "Mom, what are you trying to hide in your little head? Tell me?"

Yue Li smiled and patted his head, "I was wondering if you would not sit alone with me on this roof again after you get married, whether you will become busy with your wife."

Han Li looked at her gentle face on the side and muttered in his heart, 'You know that's impossible.'

But he gave her a slight nod and said, "Hmm, I am really sorry, Mom. Now I will have to spend all my time with my upcoming Wife and forget about you."

Yue Li shifted away from his hug and looked at him with wide, moist, frightened eyes, "Xi...Xiao Li!"

Chuckling, Han Li took her hands, brought her back into his embrace, and then fell back on the thatched floor. Silently looking up at the sky with Yue Li atop his chest.

They stayed like that for a while before Yue Li asked with a meek tone, "So, that was a joke, Xiao Li?"

"No," he said while tightening his hug around her.

Yue Li fumed, this brat! Always making fun of her.

But whatever, she smiled slightly and rested her head on his chest, and before they knew it, both of them silently drifted off to sleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3 - 3: Starlight Zone
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Starlight Family was one of the three great Families that occupied the Southern Lust City, and they occupied the western part of the city entirely for themselves, No one other than people hailing from the clan was allowed to enter this zone without permission.

The sunlight pierced the coldness of the lands and brightened its landscape, The merchants had already started to set up their wooden shops and some had already set it up.

Starlight family was a very big family, with a total of more than 500 people in its mix and more scattered outside of the city.

And that amount of people was a very good place for small trades and all these people were here for that, to trade some goods.

In essence, all these people were part of one family, but the big number and the fact that most didn't even know the others made them all quite strangers.

Of course, the traders knew each other but the buyers rarely did the traders. Walking through the morning bustle, his face pondering, Han Li silently contemplated.

He didn't actually want to get a Wife, a wife, for the first part, must be someone he loved, but he didn't have anyone like that who could become his wife.

And for the second, a wife came with responsibility and he was as of yet, incapable of bearing it.

And even if he ended up gaining the Power Spark, that won't change for quite a long time because he will have to keep the spark hidden as he cultivated or someone might covet his secrets on how he got a Spark.

Reaching a stall selling vegetables, he was pondering as he walked when suddenly someone called out, "Han Li, boy, come here."

Han Li looked to the side and Fat came into his vision, a mountain of Fat. He chuckled and moved towards him, "Uncle Li, did you get fatter?"

Pang Li looked at the cheeky brat and squinted his eyes, "Hey brat, don't try to fool me again. You have to make me that food again. I will pay, this time for sure."

"Like hell I would do that," Han Li replied with a forced chuckle, "You people worked me so hard and gave me only 20 sacred coins in the end... Give me 200 and I will cook."

"200? Brat, don't you have no shame? Even the restaurant in the inner circle only costs that much!"

Han Li cursed without even blinking, "You fat pig, you really want to scam me again, I know how much that costs."

Restaurants in the inner circle of the Starlight Zone? It cost thousands to eat once there!

Pondering for a while, Pang Li chuckled, "Take this kid, don't say your Uncle Li mistreated you," saying that, the fat man threw a small bag of coins into Han Li's hands.

Surprised, Han Li looked inside and there were about 30 sacred coins inside, shimmering with a golden glow.

"What happened Pang Li? You turned over a new leaf?" seeing the surprising act, an aunty asked from the side.

Pang Li nodded and said, his voice calm, "I have always been forthright, I was just drunk that day and couldn't pay."

In fact, he hadn't seen that the others only paid the kid that much and just came to know of it in the morning, now that he had paid, he felt his heart calm.

Han Li couldn't help but squint, "Okay, Uncle Li, if you want, I will cook. But this time, tell me the price beforehand."

"Okay," Pang Li nodded, irritated that his reputation had been stained, "I will tell you later, Let me ask the others too."

Han Li's cooking was famous among the outer area's traders and he lived off of it, most of them wanted him to cook for their special days and he got paid in return.

It was not a thriving business but it was enough for a family of two. But of course, even though others liked his cooking, to him, it was trash compared to his own mother's cooking.

He was even sure that those dark-faced people who didn't like him around would also fall for her cooking, But he would never let his mother work outside the house.

Especially not in her condition. And he didn't like some men looking at her. She was his mom, no one needed to eat her food.

Actually, he just didn't want to make her work.

Han Li nodded and walked away from Pang Li's shop, he didn't expect to get paid today but it was indeed water in a dry desert.

Now, he had a total of 250 Sacred coins left in his hands. Enough to eat well for two weeks. This was the reason he woke up early and walked all the way here, in the mornings, people tend to be more kind and he ends up getting some business.

He had to use such opportunities wisely. If he could also get two more works after Pang Li's commission, he should barely have enough to spend their life this month with their usual standards.

But he also couldn't help but narcissistically think, what if I become a great Power one day? Someone like the Sacred Lust Demon, his name renowned throughout the entirety of the world.

Wouldn't these days when I worked hard for a plate of food be remembered with fondness?

I might really have to find a wife.

Thinking of that, there was a whore house, hmm, a brothel in the Main city of Southern Lust, the part of the city that was under no one clan's control.

But he was reluctant to just do his deed on a woman and then vanish, that wasn't how he grew up. He was not a spineless man who couldn't even care for the responsibilities that came alongside his women.

Not to mention he didn't have the money. He was broke. Virgins also cost much if he remembered correctly... But he had heard some of the outer circle people boasting they had spent nights with virgins there, so it shouldn't be a truly ludicrous amount.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4 - 4: Learning the Art of Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Reaching his home, Han Li opened the door using an old rusty key, every 'Starlight' receives a good home to live in as a birthright and this was the house he got. It was quite spacious, comfortable and secure.

It even had clean wooden floors.

Going in, he put the cloth packet in his hands on a table and then went to their room, his Mom was sleeping like a log underneath a comfy blanket.

'Still didn't wake up?' he thought and decided not to wake her up, instead, he went to the side of the bed and took out the Demon Transformation Sutra from underneath.

With the book in his hands, he went back and sat on a chair near the table, then took the books he collected from the library out of the cloth packets.

He wanted to understand a bit more about Cultivation before he truly began cultivating.

He knew that if he really started cultivating, getting a Lust Spark would only be a start. Then, there should be the 3 Awakenings.

And after that, the Evolution.

But he knew that there were many people who couldn't achieve the 'Evolution' and had their Sparks go defective. Leading to an end in their path of cultivation.

His mother was a prime example of this.

After failing, she had lost all the strength she accumulated on her three Awakenings and became a Mortal. Even though most people had a spark unlike him, the world was filled with these people who failed even while having the spark.

The people who lost their power.

All the traders were people like that.

All the people in the outer circle of Starlight Zone were people like that.

And he didn't want to be one of them after getting a second chance. He wanted to be one of the inner circle.

Taking a book called 'having a good foundation', he began reading.

How big of a spark was it good to have before second awakening?

How to go about the pain of Awakening?

Things to take note of.

After reading the random books for a while, he read more on his own cultivation technique, he didn't read much into the higher levels since that was generally considered as a bad habit that should be avoided since a practitioner's mind will grow narrow if he knew a cultivation techniques end goal and path.

And he was not a veteran to make changes either, so reading higher levels was only harmful. So he remained focused on what he had to do.

But as he read, one part, a tip from the Sacred Demon himself, came to his attention and it immediately made him frown, "If you believe that you have to take responsibility for all the women that you have sex with, this sutra is not for you. You can never achieve the apex of lust that way. That stage is only achievable by true Demons.

You have to lose yourself to lust and let it guide your actions before you guide it."

Reading that, Han Li felt disgruntled, but he shook his head and thought inside, 'Even you said you didn't reach the apex, how can you know what truly is considered apex?'

The world-feared lust demon would have been speechless if he saw a random trash say that to him.

But it was like that some times, people believe what they want, not what they need.

He read for a while, and just as he was starting to read another part, an aroma of cooked Banana fries pierced his nose. He blinked and closed the book, taking the Demon Scripture in his hands. He moved towards the kitchen.

His Mother was awake and cooking, and on the side, there was a plate filled with Banana fries. "What are you cooking?"

"Some rice and cold fish," Yue Li said, focused on her cooking.

Han Li took a tall wooden chair from the side and brought it near her, then lifted her up from the back and made her sit on it; she was barely 1.65 m tall, whereas he was 1.75 tall. So it was easy to carry her up.

"Hadn't I told you to only cook while seated?" Han Li scolded.

"But I don't like cooking while seated..." Yue Li pouted and stirred the mud pot with a laddle.

Her legs had some issues since her failure to evolve and her Spark's defect. So if she stood for long, her legs starts to hurt and it even becomes extremely painful at times.

Only Han Li knew how hard it was to treat that pain, since he couldn't even massage her since even touching was too painful.

"Does it hurt now?" he asked, the pain had been silent for the past few weeks, but he was unsure when it will hit her again.

"No, it doesn't hurt okay? Now go eat that!" Yue Li said with irritation and pointed at the Banana fries.

Taking the plate full of snack in his hand, he spoke, "Why are you so irritated? I am just saying it for your own good. Don't ask me to fetch cold water when it hurts."

Yue Li continued her cooking and acted as if she didn't hear, but then, suddenly asked, "If you wanted to learn the basics of cultivation, you could have just asked me... why take all these book? Don't you have to pay for it?"

"Ah, no, I cooked for the old man there in the past, and he likes my cooking a lot, so it was free. As long as I return it today itself."

Yue Li nodded and looked at her cooking.

The preparations ready, she put a lid on the pot and said, "Now wait for—"

Han Li interrupted and said, "Wait for another incense worth of time,"

They both said, "And the dish of the day is ready."

They couldn't help but chuckle.

Then, Yue Li faced him and asked, serious. "So, Xiao Han, what did you decide about getting a Wife?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5 - 5: Young Lord of the Ravens
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside an ancient cave, in a dark and wide tunnel, the echoing sound of water calmly dripping continued for a while before it was broken by a resounding SLAP!

Kevin Raven looked at the blade in his hand and got even angrier, such precious stuff! SUCH great stuff was sold for a mere 300 Sacred Coins?!

Gritting his teeth, he looked at the wan and wide-eyed merchant on the ground, squinted his eyes, and asked, "Do you at least remember who you sold that book to?"

"I do, I remember young master," The merchant replied, his mouth leaking blood and his head spinning, "I remember her, she was Yue Li! a middle-aged woman from the Starlight Zone, she is secretly famous for having disappeared in the past and coming back with a child years later. Black hair, beautiful white face, and short. You can find her easily!"

Kevin squinted his eyes further, thinking, 'The Starlight family?'

His family, the Raven clan was also one of the three great families of Southern Lust city but unlike the Starlight Family, his family's roots were very shallow.

Even though they were currently of equal power, Ravens were in the end not natively from Sacred Lust Continent and were foreigners whose ancestors settled in here after coming from another continent.

So they will be at a disadvantage!

But if it was a small unknown woman, he might be able to get the thing back. That book might as well be just as good as this mysterious black sword in his hands.

He still couldn't see how strong this sword was. What if that book contained some secret technique to use it better?

No matter what, he had to get it.

The Merchant, Shan Shan, could only moan in his head, 'Please god, Please god take this guy away!'

He had found a book and a blade in this cave while travelling and there was a childish writing on a boulder saying these things could make a fish become a dragon. He hadn't considered much of it then, after all, it was just a rusty black sword with no particular sharpness and a blank book.

Yet, after going to the starlight zone in this time's Awakening ceremony, he had counted his stars at giving the book away for a whole 300 coins.

But...

Who would have thought that he would meet this Young man on the way back and the man would immediately fall in love with the rusty sword?

If that was only it, he would have been happy, but Kevin even made him come here, where he had found the book and sword and even used the sword to cut a literal boulder in half!

This person was a strong Power cultivator. So Shan Shan couldn't even reject and could only tell every truth.

Silence lingered in the cave for a while and Kevin's black eyes sharpened, he said in a cold tone: "Tell me, what use is it to me if I let you live? I know that you have come to understand how important this book and sword might be, so you must also know how dangerous you are to me. So, tell me, why should I let you live?"

Kevin didn't want people on his back who would covet his treasures, it was best to cut the roots of trouble before it could happen.

Shan Shan's heart quivered and he said with fear, "Young Master, you can't enter the Starlight Zone but I can do that at every Awakening ceremony. I can go and buy it back for you!"

"Buy it back?" Kevin chuckled, taking out a small Gu worm from his side bag, "No, I will let you live but you have to get that woman you sold the book to and at the same time, also get the book. Eat this too," he said as he held his hands towards the man.

This was Death Worm cultivated by him for years, it came in pairs and if one of them was killed, the other would die too. It was a specialty of their Raven Clan.

If Shan Shan ate it, it will devour a part of his heart and replace it, and then, if Raven killed the other of the pair. It will also die, killing Shan Shan in the process.

Had the Sword not been such a great thing, Kevin would never have used his Gu Worm since it was even usable on cultivators. It could even help him enslave Evolution Stage power cultivators.

And Shan Shan, as a merchant, knew some of those details since this was one of the Raven Clan's most feared abilities. He shivered and looked at the slimy, grey worm slithering on top of the man's hands.

That slimy worm will live inside him from now on.

He took it into his hands with disgust. Kevin smiled and questioned, "When is the next ceremony again?"

"In..In two days."

"Okay, now Eat it."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6 - 6: Han Li's Decision
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, Xiao Li, what did you decide about getting a Wife?"

Yue Li asked. It was going to be a new member of the house and even though she didn't show it, she was very nervous, and if he didn't take it seriously, that made her only worry more.

As of now, even though they were poor, they were happy and loved each other, but the addition of a new woman could change everything.

Even as a woman herself, she had to say, some women were far more poisonous than men.

In total of her 'being scammed career', the most she had been scammed was by Women.

Silent, Han Li pondered the question and considered his options once more, he really, really didn't want to get a wife. That was just too complicated.

But where else can he get a Virgin woman to copulate with? Of course, there was the brothel but still...

He sighed, Indeed, my morality will always be a barrier in the path.

Looking at his mother and eating the fries. He closed his eyes and said, "I don't know Mom, I... Am confused, and I am conflicted. The Book says I have to copulate with a Virgin woman, but... You know what comes with that."

Yue Li's eyes widened slightly and she asked, "It doesn't tell you to get a Wife but copulate with a Virgin woman instead?"

Speechless, Han Li could only say, "Of course, what else does the marriage count for if not for that?"

He put his hands into the plate for more fries and found it empty. He could only calm himself. He was poor, he could only have that much.

Then, Han Li looked at his mother, and frowned, "Why are you so stunned?"

Yue Li calmed down her guilt and shook her head, "Nothing." it was really hard for her to lie to him, but she could never brave it.

Her secret has to be kept a secret.

But Han Li could see something was wrong, "What is it?" he asked.

"Nothing!" she replied and got back to her cooking, her mood a bit sour.

Han Li could only shake his head and be dropped into a land of conflict again. Even if he went ahead and paid for a virgin woman in that Brothel, the brothel will never let him have her only for himself if he ever wanted to.

And his own woman will have to be seen by other men till he was rich enough to afford buying her. In Any way that he looked, it was a bad deal.

But Marriage was only worse, the biggest issue was the problems regarding marriage that he had, as someone who had no Spark, he was often considered as cursed and a spreader of bad luck, so not to mention marrying, most people don't even want to eat his cooking.

Or he would not have been poor while still being famous among the traders. So getting a woman to marry him, it was hard.

There was even a point in his life when someone said that his children would also be Spark Less, or officially called trash, if he had children, and that he should never have them.

He could still remember how his mother had cried for a whole day after that. Of course, that person had long died of age.

But, then he thought of todays morning, the fatty, Uncle Li had a daughter, she wasn't a great beauty but she wasn't particularly bad either... But no, that fatty would rather let her remain unmarried than marry her to me.

It was His only daughter, even Han Li wouldn't have let a Spark-less marry his daughter.

He couldn't help but sigh... Do I have to slowly accumulate money and riches first before considering a true marriage?

Maybe it was the problems. But the kitchen stayed silent and in due time, the food was ready.

Sigh, lets eat first.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7 - 7: Awakening Ceremony
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li lay on his house's thatched roof, shielded from the sun by a book's shadow as he read. He had been very conflicted and confused for the past two days.

And that fact was only intensified since yesterday he had gone to cook food for Uncle Li and sadly enough, it was for his daughter's marriage.

But well, he had gotten another 50 coins for the work and now had 300 in total, it was enough to last them almost a month with good food. Even though they might have to cut some corners.

But the rest of the time, he kept thinking about the book and he had also read some parts of it and now had a small picture of what the whole thing was about.

For one, even though it was named 'Demon Transformation Sutra' it didn't only have that but also included many other small tricks for cultivators.

There was a whole section of it there called 'Miscellaneous Bullshit' that talked about techniques like:

Soul Cooking, the art of cooking food using unique materials to turn them into magical items that can increase the vitality of Power Sparks as it said. It also included things like Healing, trap setting, or simple guides on improving Sword, Archery, Blade, or other weapons.

It was filled with many such unique details.

But most of these methods in the "Miscellaneous" section had harsh requirements like having reached the third Major stage of cultivation, Power Birth Realm or even having the legendary Moon liquid.

And Power Birth, that was the level of true might, even the Starlight Family's head was only that strong. No, all of the three Great Families' heads were that strong.

As he was thinking, he suddenly looked to the side, towards the center of the Starlight Zone. There, atop a 50-meter flagpole, a big white flag rose and then started flapping about in the wind.

The Awakening ceremony had begun again.

He could hear the sound of drumbeats from the distance too, but he was slightly amused, there was probably a rain coming on as the skies were filled with dark clouds.

Hehe, the rain might ruin the ceremony this time.

The white flag meant that no other clan was now allowed near, if they still came, it would be tantamount to war.

Anything could be interrupted, but Awakening ceremonies were sacred. 'But this time it is weird that there are two Awakening ceremonies in a single month though.' Usually, it only happens once a month.

And this ceremony was different for him too, he wanted to see the Travelling Merchant guy today and find out where he had gotten the book from. His Mom was already in the central area now and she was enjoying her time with some other women.

He was also supposed to be there but he didn't like the contemptuous but silent gazes on him. And there was not much there to earn or do either. Even his food was not important since the true chef from the inner circle hotel cooks for everyone there.

And honestly, that cook's food was the only thing he knew that tasted better than Yue Li's food. Which made the cook an envied opponent for his mom.

He wondered what they might be doing and put the book on his face. And before he knew it, he was in a nap.

The clouds churned above and hid the last layer of sunlight away. Sky had turned dark and rain seemed a foregone conclusion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8 - 8: Why hadn't she returned?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The time of Morning went past as Han Li enjoyed his short nap. He wanted to sleep more but even though it was a cool area, the sunlight of the noon was still harsh enough to wake him up.

Opening his eyes groggily, he looked around and thought, 'Mom didn't come back yet?'

Did the merchant not come?

Mom is late...

He hid his face from the harsh light of the sun with the book and stood up, then through the opening on his side, went into his home.

Feeling the shade of the roof above, he relaxed and went down from the ceiling floor to the ground floor. Their house had a small place above the ceiling and only on top of it was the thatched roof.

It was like a two-floor home but not.

Going down, he considered wasting some more time and shook his head, he was too relaxed, he should get to work.

First, let's go find Mom and look around for the merchant.

Taking the rusty key from the side, he walked out of the house. Just as he was about to close the door, he paused — stuck on the wooden frame of the door was an ancient paper slip, glued on it with heavy gum.

He frowned and took it, there were some messy words there, and reading it, his face immediately paled: "If You want your mother alive, come out of the Starlight zone and out of the city before 5 in the evening. Take the black book you bought with you. And also, don't try to ask for help, you and me, we both don't want it to turn big, one wrong step and that gentle soul will die. And your mother...

Hehe, she is a stunning woman, don't be late or we might..."

Feeling his soul shiver, his heart tremble at the words, and he lost all faculties of his mind.

He was frozen solid where he stood, utterly shocked, He could only clench his hands... No, who!

'Please be safe, please be safe!' He muttered under his breath and without thinking more, turned around, and began running.

Who were they? Where is my mother now?

Would they do something to her?

These thoughts were just flickers in his anxious mind, he was panicking.

His dark black eyes shone like the midnight moon, his face wracked with fear, he continued running.

The book, the money, anything, you can have it all... Just– just don't touch her!

She was the only thing in this world that he truly cared about. Everything else might as well burn.

Anything, ANYTHING!

But not her.

With the black book in his hand, Han Li ran with trepidation coursing through his veins. Had he thought about it well enough, he might have realised how stupid he was. He might have...

But with his mother's life on the line, he just couldn't be calm and composed. He had never been in such a situation and only heard of kidnapping and such through some peoples random words.

For him, this was a totally frightening experience.

But surely, they should just want the book and then it will all be good. Surely.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9 - 9: Death
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Panting, his whole body soaked in sweat, Han Li looked at the city gateway and without waiting, walked towards it.

The world was slightly spinning around him at the moment and his vision was hardly at the right place. But his gaze kept roaming around for potential kidnappers and tracks. But there was nothing of that sort; just a guard post, some people moving in and out, and just some ordinary things.

He couldn't find someone suspicious among the 20 or so passersby at a glance either. Most of them were merchants and finding the specific one his mother mentioned was impossible.

The gate guard looked at the pale-faced young man and let him pass by.

Outside the city, a huge clearing came into his sight; looking afar, he could see an endless forest too.

At this point, there was only a short number of people who were entering the city to be looked into. But he still couldn't find the suspicious one.

His heart thumping in anxiety, his lips trembling, he looked around and at this exact moment, a wan, yellow-faced elderly came towards him and spoke quietly, "Follow me."

Nervous, Han Li nodded and the Old man walked forward. Quite a distance away from the city, they entered a dark forest and Shan Shan stopped walking and asked without turning around, "Did you bring the book?"

Han Li didn't answer and questioned, his voice suppressed, "Where is my Mom?" he had hidden the book in his bosom, under his white clan robes.

And he would not give it to them unless he had his mother back.

"Your mother?" came a loud sneering voice from above.

Both of them looked up. On a big branch sat a young man, his eyes as dark as black and filled with a chaotic gleam, his hair floating behind him, long and wide, similarly as dark. But unlike normal hair, it looked like feathers instead.

Like the feathers of a filthy crow, or better yet, a Raven.

A dark ancient sword on his back.

Han Li's eyes widened in horror, 'A Raven clan cultivator!'

He clenched his hands and yelled out, his black night-like eyes meeting the man's, "I will give you the Book, I will give you anything," he said with a choke, "just– just give my mother back... Please..."

Amused, Kevin looked down at the pathetically pleading boy who had a straight back, and asked, his voice sharp, "Did you bring the book?"

Han Li clenched his teeth, "Show me my mother first!"

Kevin squinted his eyes, and smirked, a dark vibe flashed around the place. "You filth dared look me in the eye and I let it be, yet... you dare order me?"

Han Li's eyes constricted, he could feel the sensation of a beast breathing down his neck. Surrounding his whole body as if it was marking its prey.

He shivered and clenched his hands harder.

But Kevin didn't look at him anymore and looked at Shan Shan instead, his tone bland, "Where is that woman?"

"My Lord," Shan Shan smirked, his old face becoming a disgusting sight, "As of now, she is safe, but who knows for how much longer?"

Han Li looked at them each with pleading eyes, but they didn't mind the cries of a pathetic loser.

"Give the book boy, it is best if you give it. And I promise on my clan's name that I will leave your mother be."

Han Li's heart skipped a beat, he had heard Clans were tantamount to parents for a cultivator and once they betray it, their cultivation seizes to go higher.

This was it, the chance!

"I will give!" he exclaimed and without a second's wait, pulled the book out of his bosom.

The two looked on with relieved gazes.

"Give it to me!" Kevin exclaimed.

Nodding, Han Li threw the book at him. Kevin caught it with a chuckle and asked Shan Shan, "Is this the one?"

Shan Shan also relievedly smiled and bowed, "Yes, Young Master, that is the one."

Kevin looked at Han Li and praised, "Good work, now... You can die."

The boy's eyes widened, he turned abruptly and glanced at Shan Shan, the old man smirked.

A black feather flashed by and a head flew up to the sky, its pure black eyes roaming around the place and rotating in the air as it fell downwards.

The last thoughts that rang through Han Li as he died were...Ah how stupid I was, there was no way for Mom to be kidnapped from right under the gaze of the Starlight Clan's Head and the other higher ups...

Had he had the strength, he would have chuckled... Atleast, Mom was alright.

With a gentle thud, the head rolled on the ground and a second later, the body fell on its back.

Red blood spread across the green verdant leaves.

Han Li, the young boy had died.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10 - 10: Redness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Something deeply and utterly red seemed to have flashed by in the distance. Something so utterly sacred, divine, and holy.

Yet utterly filthy.

In the deep darkness of the void, thoughtless and mindless, he tried to catch the redness, his hand moved towards it. Yet, it was too far away.

Suddenly,

As if broken out of an ungodly cold pond, Han Li opened his eyes, breathing heavily, his heart pounding in adrenaline, his whole body hot and sweaty, he struggled to calm down.

"..Li," a worried voice came from the side.

He turned his blurry gaze and his eyes met hers, both sat frozen as their hearts thumped.

"Mo..Mom," Han Li muttered weakly.

"What happened, Xiao Li?" Panicking, Yue Li took his hands on hers and asked, her voice anxious.

Han Li tightly held it and tiredly fell on his back. On the distant horizon, he could see the ancient moon. That calmed him down a bit.

'What happened?'

'Did I not die?'

He could feel the warmth of his mother's hands, he could feel his heart pumping. The adrenaline, fear, and the pure unbelievability of the situation settled down as his heart's heavy pumping stilled.

Touching his neck, he could still slightly feel something sharp passing through it.

Chuckling in disbelief, he looked at his mom, there she was, her black hair floating in the wind, her gentle and rosy white face marred with no marks, and her black eyes worried.

Her white clan robes bathed in the gentle moonlight.

Han Li moved his other hand and took the woman that he so loved into his embrace, taking her by the collar and pulling her close to him.

She fell into his embrace and tried to get away, she wanted to know what was happening. She wanted to know why suddenly his eyes were so red instead of their usual clear black like hers.

She wanted to know why he had sweated so much so suddenly after checking the book.

But Han Li didn't let her out of his embrace and just kept her tightly hugged.

"Xiao Li," she muttered.

Han Li's eyes turned moist but he didn't let her leave his embrace, and muttered back, "Mother Yue..."

Yue Li's heart skipped a beat, that was something he used to call her when he was young but changed later on, she calmed down and stayed silently in his embrace.

Some time passed before she asked, "What happened, son?"

Han Li didn't reply.

He gave her a soft kiss on the side of her head and held her there. He could smell her unique scent, and he could feel his heart aching for more.

But he calmed down and loosened the hug slightly, yet, he didn't move his hands away from her waist.

There was no way he could leave her alone again.

And she didn't try to leave his hug either, even though Han Li often did affectionate gestures, it was extremely rare for him to be this direct in saying it. She would never say no to that!

She was just worried.

Shifting in Han Li's embrace, she brought her head up and looked into his eyes before asking for the third time, her voice still worried but calmer, "What happened Xiao Li?"

She was now resting on his chest and he was hugging her waist.

Han Li smiled looking into her eyes and said, "What, what happened? Nothing happened!"

Irritated but also relieved that he had no problem with eyesight, she asked, "Why did your eyes become so red?"

It still had that black tint but it also had a red part to it.

"Red?" startled, Han Li frowned.

Then, with his mother in his embrace, he calmly pondered everything. Silent.

Yue Li knew what his pondering face looked like, so she didn't disturb him either.

On the cold night of the 4th Month and In this small corner of the Sacred Lust Continent's Southern Lust City, atop his humble abode, Han Li's mind delved into the questions.

I had died... right?

Then... How am I alive?

The chirping of cicadas, the gentle rhythm of his mom's heartbeat against his chest, and the comforting coldness of the night all made him feel — Yes, I am truly alive.

Well and truly alive.

But how?

And this place and this current situation, didn't it happen 3 days ago?

'Why am I back in time?!' his heart thumped with nervousness.

This was three days ago!

His heart pounded against his mom's and he could only think of one thing, The [Demon Transformation Sutra].

A specific part mentioned in its details: 'one of the seven sacred eyes.'

Was that the reason why his eyes turned red?

He had heard of people in the distant lands who had blessed eyes that could do all sorts of wonders. And he had been startled when he first came to know his eyes were special.

But was it this special?

He had thought it only allowed him to see the Demonic Sutra. He was too wet behind the ears regarding people and cultivation.

'... If I could die and come back, won't everything be very...easy for me to achieve?'

No, there is no way such a ridiculous thing exists, there must be a catch.

He was young but he wasn't that stupid, if he could do whatever he wants, die, and then come back... how would Sacred Demon have died?

He should also have had this eye, right?

Especially since the Sacred Demon said 'one of the seven sacred eyes'. So, it must have been there before the demon died.

And.

It was most probably the eyes of the seven demons themselves.

So, I inherited my eyes from a past generation?

But then, he cleared his mind, and his eyes started to turn cold.

Whatever the case was, that merchant and Raven clan cultivator. They were a threat to his mom!

They need to die.

They had to be killed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11 - 11: Inside their home.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Deep in the night, the city had already fallen asleep and even the moon was hidden behind the blanket of black clouds. Inside Han Li's home, Yue Li had already fallen asleep.

Seated on their bed in the darkness of the room, Han Li calmly pondered, his face lit by the light of a small oil lamp flickering on the side, the only light in the dark.

After waking up above the roof earlier, he had spoken with his mother, telling her about the miraculous book and how he had to find a wife to cultivate it.

But he didn't speak at all about the future or anything related to that. He did not want to involve his mother in a plan of murder. Then, when the coldness of the night became too overwhelming, they came down and soon enough, his mother fell asleep.

On the way, he had also seen himself in a mirror. His eyes had truly transformed into a chaotic mix of black and crimson. But there were no other changes.

It looked disgruntling nevertheless.

And now, he was doing more research into what might have truly happened with his death and coming back.

Feeling the soft pages of the demonic sutra in his hands, he did a final gloss over, and indeed, it spoke nothing about the 'Seven Sacred Eyes' other than that being a requirement to see the writing.

Tired, he rubbed his forehead and put the book below the bed. He needed some sleep.

Laying on the bed, he turned to look at his mother's sleeping face lit by the flame of the oil lamp. And muttered, "Look at you sleeping without a care."

He smiled, moved, and hugged her from the side, she was wearing a loose white robe at the moment and was not using any kind of blanket.

They were a two people family and they had always slept together. They had no barriers like a room separating each other.

Hugging her, he could finally feel some peace of mind. And suddenly, he had a thought, what if the technique also works with non-virgin women?

Wouldn't that make the whole thing very easy?

But she might get mad...

As a growing child, he had always been fascinated by his mother and he was most of the time, straightforward with her in showing his love.

And when he slept with her, most of the time, they slept while cuddling each other.

So, when he felt the urge, he mostly never hesitated in touching his mother. She was his own from the start.

For him and her, Han Li removing her robes and licking her boobs to sleep was a normal thing, even though they would never reveal that to outsiders.

But she gets very mad if he ever touches her anywhere other than her boobs, especially not anything below the waist. So after a point, he never touched anywhere other than her boobs. Of course, sneaky touches were normal, even though she didn't allow it, he even knew how his mother tasted down there.

Sometimes, a son's desires knew no boundaries after all and whenever she was too sleepy and deeply asleep, he had played his cards well.

Of course, they had never gone all the way, the maximum he had ever done was lick her vagina through the clothes. And that day, his mother had been pissed beyond belief.

She didn't even speak with him that whole day.

He was always afraid to go below her waist after that.

Nevertheless, it was their habit not to do anything lustful outside of their sleeping time, and even whole sleeping, their limits were properly given.

As long as he didn't go below the waist, he could do anything.

She hadn't told him that explicitly but it was evident she allowed it like that.

Gently removing the top of her white robes, her filled boobs were revealed, with a pink nipple at the top of a majestic mount.

Her boobs were big, big enough to not let a single hand cover them entirely, he smiled and shifted his position, putting both his hands on the two sides of her body, and looking at his mother peacefully asleep below him.

Her every part, from her gentle face to her black hair, her curves to her pink nipples, all of them seemed so perfect, so pure. He brought his face closer to her left nipple and gently licked it.

"Xiao Li..." she muttered in her sleep, feeling that familiar sensation of her son's tongue.

Han Li smiled and brought the nipple into his mouth and began sucking on it, while his other hand moved towards the other boobs and fondled it.

His mother's body was supple and smooth to the touch, her boobs felt as if he was holding the most precious thing in his hand.

Yue Li breathed heavily under him and sweated a bit. He continued licking her nipple and stopped fondling her breast, with a gulp and a thumping heart, he moved his hands through her white robes and towards her vagina.

His heart was beating like a drum. He had been warned heavily to never, ever touch it again.

'Today is my birthday, she won't care!' he thought, 'Once, doing it just once!'.

If it was an usual day, he wouldn't have done this but his mind was quite vulnerable at the moment and his need for his mother was overflowing. He couldn't get enough with just her breasts.

And it had been quite some time since he last saw her naked. She might not be a virgin, and the technique might not work on her, but there was no harm in trying, right?

It was for their own benefit.

His hands traveled down the supple skin and through her heated body and before long, his fingers could feel a slightly wet and hairy spot.

An electrical impulse traveled down his spine but before he could continue, a hand grasped his hand and held it there.

"...Xiao Li." Yue Li looked at Han Li with a red face and said, her voice shaky: "No... Don't do it!"

Han Li didn't move his hand away, but he didn't go deeper either, he could feel his mother's aroused body part through his hands, so he let it stay there for now.

Looking straight into her eyes, he asked: "Why Mom?" then he asked again, "You are mine, so why don't you allow me to do what I want?"

Yue Li's eyes moistened and she said, almost about to cry, she said weakly, "Ju...just don't do it, please..."

Han Li's lust immediately calmed down and he took his hands out from her clothes, and once it was out, he looked at his wet hands and then at his mother.

She clearly likes it, then why...

He shook his head inwardly, this was not a new question, he had had it for a while now.

Nevertheless, he irritatedly looked at her and she pleadingly back at him, he then brought his wet hand into his mouth and licked it clean before fixing his mother's loose robes back, and falling on the bed beside her.

She breathed out in relief. Him licking it was okay... As long as he...

Looking at her angelic face, hugging her from the side, feeling her soft body in his embrace again, Han Li asked in his irritation, "Why don't you ever let me do that?"

Yue Li looked at his irritated face and smiled, with a sleepy but loving voice, she said, "I know you love me very much, but... We just can't do it." She shifted and hugged him back, completely entering his embrace, before muttering: "Sorry, but you are not allowed to do it."

After that, she fell asleep. She was sure Han Li won't try it again. And Han Li would never do it if it made his mother cry, how can Lust satisfy him?

Mother came first and foremost, everything was secondary.

But at least, she was mindful of his desires. He smiled, she had positioned her body exactly so that he could suck her boobs and play with it as much as he wanted.

She wouldn't let her son touch her vagina but she didn't mind him having some fun with her boobs.

So, he gently removed the robes again and put her pink erect nipples into his mouth, and in that heavenly feeling, he drifted off into the lands of dreams...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12 - 12: I want to know!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mom, what is your secret?" Han Li asked with a serious tone.

He had had enough!

It was early in the morning and he hadn't even gone to take that fatso's money. Today he wanted answers.

They had both just brushed their teeth. But he was here, facing his mother the first thing in the morning, asking questions.

Yue Li looked at him with a sad face. "I can't say it."

"...Mom..." he sighed inside, she knew how to use his weaknesses.

I know how to do that too.

"I want to know it, Mom, I...feel like you are alienating me and avoiding me... I feel..." His voice choked up and he stopped speaking.

Yue Li bit her lips.

"At least tell me the reason why you can't talk about it!" Han Li hit the pot when it was hot.

Irritated a bit and quite sad, she yelled at him, "I can't tell you because you will be hurt if I say it, is that okay for you?!"

Han Li's eyes widened, "Because I will be hurt?"

Yue Li's mind cleared and she immediately regretted what she said.

But then calmed down and tried to brush the matter aside, "More important than that, you touched below my... My that place again right? Why?"

"Why?!" Han Li was even more irritated, "You are my mother, I can do whatever I want with you!"

"But you promised!"

Not falling for the trap, Han Li looked straight into his Mom's eyes and said, his voice determined, "Mom if you won't tell me why it will hurt me, I will do 'that' with you when you are asleep!"

"All the way?!"

"All the way!"

Yue Li was stunned silent. So it had finally reached this moment.

But her heart was also filled with a strange sense of anticipation.

But no, she can't have him do it.

They were at the moment both in their room, seated on the bed as they yelled at each other.

This was not the first time they were yelling at each other but it was the first time he determinedly said he would do it regardless. Even though she knew it was probably a bluff, what if he really ended up doing that?

It might lose him his life!

"Xiao Li, it is not that I don't want to tell you everything, it is that you can't understand everything I have to say, so easily."

"Are you actually calling me dumber than you?" Han Li was honestly impressed this time.

His Mom was a woman who prided herself on her foolishness and always ended up getting scammed, to think she would one day call him more stupid...

He was proud.

"If you can understand what I say, understand then!" Yue Li snorted and then said, her voice high and mighty, "I was just a normal teenager in my past life who couldn't even pass her school test, and when I died in an accident, I transmigrated here and had you, is that enough? Can you understand?!"

Han Li looked at her with a dumbfounded face, "Trans...Trans what gate?"

Yue Li looked at his face full of question marks and chuckled happily. But then again, she didn't actually want him to feel estranged from her, so she said, her voice teaching, "It is complicated to explain it to people who don't know it Xiao Li but I will tell you things you have to know."

She had decided to tell him everything already when his hands traveled down her body yesterday, it was time he came to learn about her.

Keeping it a secret till now was for his own good but... Sometimes, she wanted him to know what sacrifices she had to do.

Maybe, it was selfish of her but she wanted him to know. Just like how she wanted him to continue yesterday.

"Xiao Li, your mother is not an ordinary person!"

Han Li listened with an amused face, he had rarely seen his mother this chatty and interested.

"I came from another world and from the moment I was born, I had a thing called [Luck-Chat System] inside me."

She then explained to Han Li about all the wonders of the other world she remembered, cars, anime, manga, web novels, schools, and games.

She told about it all and Han Li was stunned silent by the imagery and everything his mom's beautiful lips voiced out. It was too complex coming from his Mom for it to be a lie!

Each word was a new world opening up infront of him, each detail made his jaw drop.

And in their lovely company, time passed like a stream, "...and then, this white truck came crashing and bam! I woke up in the Starlight Clan as an ordinary village woman."

Han Li looked at his mother in disbelief, was all that she said something his dumb mother truly went through?

He couldn't believe it.

But Yue Li had more to say, "But I was so lonely and sad that I died and it was then that my Luck-Chat System woke up."

Han Li licked his dry lips. "What is that?"

"A golden screen that pops up infront of me when I ask," Yue Li pointed infront of her, "It is also here at this moment, but only I can see it."

Han Li looked at the golden screen and his eyes widened. "I can see it too!"

Yue Li turned towards him with stunned eyes, "You can see it too?!"

"It says, Luck Trade..." Han Li scrutinized it, his mom was speaking the truth!

And,

Yue Li only kept looking at him as if he was a strange animal, even the Starlight Clan's Head couldn't see it when she played around with the system right in the middle of her own Awakening ceremony years ago.

"Xiao Li... Are you hiding something from me?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13 - 13: Luck Trade
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Xiao Li... Are you hiding something from me?"

Han Li pensively looked at her for a while and nodded, "I am hiding something important from you."

"What? What are you hiding?!" Yue Li asked with a frown.

Han Li smiled, and said with a teasing tone, "Tell me your secret and I will tell you."

"...I already told you most of my secrets," Yue Li said, this time truly a bit sad.

So, he keeps secrets from her?

Han Li couldn't bare to see his mother sad and said, "It is not that I wanted to keep it a secret, it will hurt you that's why I stayed silent..."

He hadn't told her about him traveling back in time due to that after all.

Then suddenly, it hit him, he shouldn't always blame his mother so easily, she might have felt the exact same.

Yue Li nodded and said, "Let's no longer have secrets from each other... Okay?"

Han Li nodded in assurance, yes, that was much better.

He then moved closer to her and made her sit on his lap, and looked at the golden screen, was it visible to him because of his special eyes?

Putting that aside for now, he asked, hugging his mother's stomach: "What is this Golden screen's use? What does it do? And what is Luck trade?"

Yue Li smiled, and said with a light smile, "Luck Trade is my Golden finger."

"Golden finger?"

"A cheat of sorts that can help me achieve my dreams."

Han Li had the urge to kiss her neck, but he kept it at the back of his head for now and asked: "What does it do?"

"It helps me trade one luck for another luck. Hmm, let me explain it like this, when I just got here into this world, I had no friends and you were not born yet. So, I wished to have a nice and cozy home for me at least. And then, the Starlight Family released a new rule of giving everyone inside their own houses."

"You just wished for it and it happened?" Han Li asked with a stunned face.

"No, it isn't that easy... It asks for something in return for what we wish... but I had nothing in my hands, No, let me show you."

Yue Li moved in his embrace and clicked the Luck Trade option in the system.

New words appeared, and Han Li looked at them in intrigue.

Owned Luck:-

[Lifespan: 30 more years.]

[Cultivation Talent: None.]

Assets:—

[{Demonic Lust Sutra} in your son's hands.]

[Starlight Family Home.]

[250 Sacred coins in your son's hands.]

"You see all that?" Yue Li asked with satisfaction, "Those are everything that we have."

"It even counts everything in my hands?" Han Li asked weirdly.

"Yes, at first it didn't use to, but when everything in your hands ended up being in mine, and it saw that we are always ready to give each other what we have, it changed," Yue Li said with a bit of nostalgia.

"Okay, Mom, but what did you trade for the Starlight Family to change rules and give everyone homes?" Han Li asked, a bit worried.

And she only had 30 more years of lifespan?

"Don't worry, I am not so stupid to use my lifespan on it, I used my cultivation talent to trade with this home and something more," Yue Li said with pride, "I might seem like a dummy to you, but in that cultivation talent area, there was 'Body Cultivation' and 'Soul Cultivation' once. I traded it for better things though..."

Han Li was speechless, he didn't know what the 'Soul and Body' stuff was but still, "You gave up all your cultivation talent for a... House?"

Yue Li smiled, "Of course not, I am a fool, but not THAT foolish. I wished for a great and calm life with a son by my side and that took my body cultivation talent."

Han Li's heart skipped a beat, "Then?"

"I found a fruit on my way home from a small trip to the outside world and after doing what anyone would do after getting a tasty-looking fruit..uh... bam! My Xiao Li was born."

"...No way..." Han Li was stunned silent.

Yue Li lost her smile and nervously clenched his hands in hers. "I know you have always asked who your dad was when you were small, I could never have it in me to tell you the truth, that you are born from a fruit.

"And I was always guilty that you were born without a spark because you were born in such an unconventional way."

Han Li felt like his head was spinning.

'I was born out of a fruit?!'

His 18 years of self understanding seemed to come crashing. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

Then wasn't she a virgin?

Wasn't she untouched by other men?

His thoughts were full of chaos and it was hard to follow everything happening. But he tried his hardest to calm down, and maybe, facing death had indeed done some good atleast. He could stay moderately calm.

"Then what about your Soul Cultivation talent? What did you do with it?"

Yue Li stayed silent for a long while before sighing, he only held her hands stronger after she told him the truth, he really didn't mind his origins. A burden seemed to have lifted from her shoulders.

"I used my Soul Talent to wish for you to get the ability to cultivate and receive a great fortune along with it."

She felt like an absolutely shitty person at the moment; a selfish woman. Han Li would surely be sad that he was the reason for her to lose her talent, yet she still told him this... she should have kept him ignorant about this.

She started to regret it.

She didn't know why, but once she knew a bride might soon enter their home as her daughter-in-law, she was very nervous and wanted all his attention for herself.

It was just...hard for her to believe that her son might grow unattached to her.

"So, after you wished for it... I naturally got a cultivation technique that will help me cultivate too?" Han Li suddenly felt many pieces clicking together.

No wonder! He had already felt more than once, it was too lucky. He had gotten everything he wished for so easily.

Then, another thought hit him...

Did his mother have to endure that hellish pain in her legs and did her cultivation fail because of himself?

Cause he 'stole' her talent?!

Did she never mean to use her Soul Talent but used it in the end because she felt too sad he couldn't cultivate?

His hands tightened around her waist.

She was so... Precious. He couldn't help the unceasing love and guilt that built up in him.

Who cares about origin and such in the first place? All that mattered to him was who she was. And he was certain of how sincerely she loved him. She deserved everything she widhed for!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14 - 14: Why though?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li stayed silent for a while with Yue Li in his embrace, he was quite sure she sacrificed her Cultivation Talent because she had no other options.

And to her, his well-being was far more important than her Talent. He knew that very well.

"Do you... not hate me for hiding it from you, Xiao Li?" she asked, feeling like a nervous-wreck.

"No..." Han Li hugged her tightly. "Actually, you won't believe how relieved I am that no man other than me had ever touched you."

Yue Li blinked. He was taking that as the thing to note?

Then what about their blood connection?

She smiled as a great weight lifted off her shoulder. Hiding something was not her forte, only because Han Li was fine letting these things a secret till now, did it survive as a secret.

But Han Li's actual thoughts were on how much she had sacrificed for him.

Frowning at the thought, he had more questions, but more than that, his reliance and love for her only increased. He asked in a gentle tone, "So Mom, then why don't you allow me to touch you there? You know how much I have wanted to..."

That was another of her secrets that she hadn't told him before.

"Sigh..." Yue Li sighed, and then spoke, "Why do you think my legs hurt at times? Is it just because I failed in evolution and my spark went defective?"

Han Li silently listened on. She had no talent because of sacrificing it for him, it was no wonder she failed.

Feeling that Han Li had no answer, his mother continued, "It is because all the Soul Energy I accumulated through my three awakenings, which is supposed to be controlled inside the Spark, went into my legs after it went defective."

"That means?"

"That uncontrollable Soul Energy thing is still there below my waist... In 'that' area. And when the Soul Energy moves somehow, it will hurt, all of my leg freezes in pain due to that."

"What will happen if I touch it?" Han Li asked with a skipping heart.

"It will come in contact with your body and you... As someone who doesn't even have a cultivation, you will get heavy burns all over your body at the very least," Yue Li said with a clear warning. She had checked with someone intelligent about this before.

She hadn't told him this until today because she knew how daring her boy was. He was the kind of kid who would put his hands into the fire to see how much it would burn.

It was very, very hard for her to teach him patience, self-control, and such when he was younger.

He would surely touch her in his daringness and just hope for the best. But keeping the reason mysterious made it so that he won't touch it.

Just so that he could avoid hurting her feelings. After all, it was one of the rare things she requested of him.

She might be dumb, but when it came to her son's thoughts and personality, she was a genius.

"So that means... I can never touch you there?" Han Li asked with a really fearful voice.

He had always believed that his mother would let him do whatever after he grew up. And that was why he daringly went for her flower yesterday. She had always been a rather dense person, and he had always loved her.

She could only reject him so much when she also loved him to an extremely high degree. He had always thought she was waiting for him to come of age!

Maybe she had believed that his attraction to her would vanish with age?

But who would have thought such an actually huge reason existed?

Her body in itself was a danger...

Yue Li stayed silent and sighed once more, "Why do you even want to touch me so badly..."

It was not that she herself didn't want to do that to him, but still...

Han Li struglled with the realization when a sudden thought hit him, "Is it okay as long as I don't go inside 'there'?"

She was his as long as he don't go all the way, right?

Yue Li's heart skipped a beat.

"What do you mean?!"

Han Li chuckled slightly and pushed her on the the bed. Then, he looked at her beautiful visage and she looked back at him with a fierce blush.

Black hair, black eyes, and a pure complexion.

His own heart was beating heavily.

The blush covered her whole face.

Still wearing her loose white robes, she looked like a goddess to him. She was perfect. The most amazing of all.

He gulped and touched her clothes. "Wh..What are you going to do?!" She asked.

Han Li licked his lips but didn't answer, instead, he went on top of her, two hands on both sides and undid the top of her robes, pushing the clothes to the side.

Yue Li's neck reddened.

She had allowed him to do whatever he wanted to her boobs and above her waist, but that was while sleeping, he wasn't supposed to do this the first thing in the morning!

It was so embarrassing!

Han Li gently caressed the curves of her filled breasts; he fondled them lovingly.

She gulped audibly and said in a weak voice, "...xiao li."

His hand moved and undid the rest of her clothes, she didn't say anything and just looked at him with wide eyes as he completely undressed her.

She was now naked infront of him, her whole body was there for her son to see; she never wore any undergarments inside the house anyway.

"What are you going to do Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked with a pleading tone. "Dear, don't be rash—"

"Don't worry Mom, I won't do anything dangerous."

Yue Li looked into his eyes and gently gritted her teeth, then nodded in fear. What was he about to do?

She would resist if he was about to daringly do what he shouldn't. But she didn't know why, but her heartbeat quickened as his hands fondled her skin.

'It would be too much if I completely don't let him do as he wished...' Even she felt bad after not giving herself to him after he wanted her so much.

Han Li fondled her breast gently for one last time and moved back on the bed, slowly finding her flower right in front of him.

Mom's vagina looks so beautiful.

Really, he really wanted to know what it would feel like to completely enter inside her. It was his dream!

He gently moved his face closer and his mother tensed, but he didn't do anything much but took a deep whiff. Then gently planted a loving kiss on it.

Yue Li tensed to the max but he didn't do anything other than kiss her there gently and that much was not a problem.

Gulping, Han Li looked at the beautiful, pink, and ever so slightly bushy pussy.

He was finally going to do it...and when Mother was wide awake at that too.

"Mom, you said I can't touch here because it is dangerous...right?"

Yue Li emphasized, her voice serious, "If you touch there, I won't talk to you at all, And...and it will also hurt me too, you are not the only one who will get burned by soul energy!"

Han Li chuckled, she sucked at lying, she was saying that so he wouldn't do it; he might not care about himself, but she knew he cared about her.

He bowed his head and gave her one more kiss there. 'This is where I came from...'

The smell, the faint taste in his lips, everything about it was perfect. But he could never bring himself to do something that might harm her.

He gently rotated her body, she didn't resist and in fact, helped him move. Han Li looked at her butt.

It was petite, and cute. Rosy too.

He smiled and squeezed her buttcheeks. Yue Li clenched the bedsheet under her.

"As long as I don't touch the front part, it is all good right?" Han Li asked, his voice filled with hope.

It was the first time he undressed her and squeezed her butt or kissed her vagina this directly, yet, she didn't resist it. She was onboard with the idea.

Every time he tried something like this before, she had gotten angry or even sad. This was his prime opportunity to break the final barriers between them!

Yue Li's face was completely red and she couldn't even release a sound in reply. Her body was getting heated, she took a pillow from the side and hid her face inside.

Chuckling in love, Han Li spread her buttcheeks, and the pink, puckered butthole was revealed to him in all its cuteness. He gulped, my mom's butt!

And the fact that she didn't resist it at all meant it was free for his taking.

As long as he don't go for the Vagina, he was allowed to do anything! His Mom had given him the go!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15 - 15: Consented
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eager to do it, Han Li removed his own clothes and stood behind his mother, and then took his dick out.

Sneakily, Yue Li looked at it... It had grown a bit after she last saw it.

"Mom, I heard it hurts for the first time whatever hole we choose."

Yue Li immediately hid her face back into the pillow; it was as red as a tomato.

Han Li almost had a cuteness overload at her steaming face, and his rod started to stand straight up.

That was his own mother, naked, waiting in anticipation for his shaft to enter her butthole.

He moved closer and put his penis head in between her ass. She whispered, her head still hidden in the pillow, "Xiao Li, I am afraid..."

He paused.

"Why are you afraid Mom?" Han Li questioned, resting his 8-inch shaft inbetween the cheeks but not entering.

"Your mother don't think I can take it..." Yue Li said with apprehension, her face hidden in the pillow.

It was too big and her asshole was so small!!

How was Xiao Li going to put it in?

She really didn't want to disappoint him anymore... but he did so much for her and she couldn't even endure some pain?

Han Li pondered.

"Maybe I should rub some oil?" he asked, gently caressing her butt.

"...Yes, rub some oil," Yue Li replied shyly.

Luckily, there was oil just beside them, it was Yue Li's hair oil. He quickly took some in his hands and rubbed it on his rod.

He wanted to be fast or his mom might change her mind.

Once lubricated, he put the head back on the puckered and pink entrance, and warned, "I am going to enter Mom."

Yue Li nodded, her heart beating wildly.

Han Li gently made her stand on her knees and slowly tried to move in, it was very hard to go in.

His dick was wrapped in her flesh and slowly with the help of the oil, penetrated into her butt.

It was a slow and very painful process.

Gently, smoothly sliding in through her supple flesh until it was almost entirely in.

Her hole expanded as he moved.

Yue Li breathed heavily and Han Li didn't move.

Both of them sweated in each other's hot company and their hearts beat in rhythm. Han Li felt around the warmness that surrounded his rod and could feel his head floating, "Can I move Mom?"

Yue Li breathed heavily for some seconds more and nodded. This pain was nothing to her.

As long as her son felt pleasure, it was fine.

Whereas the Son in question felt all the blood going to his groin and gently moved back, "Hmm!!" his mother moaned at the sudden loss of her son's rod inside her.

And he once again, moved right back in.

Penetrating much easier this time.

And feeling every part of it.

The feeling of his mother's heat, the sensation of her tightness surrounding his shaft. He felt as if he was at the top of the world.

He gently moved his hands and touched her aroused pussy, she trembled.

It was wet and pure, Han Li rubbed the labia gently and began moving his waist back and forth.

His mother moaned into her pillow with each thrust in.

Mmm~

Feeling himself reaching his limits, Han Li moved a bit rougher, and suddenly, his penis quivered and released all his load inside her butt.

He breathed heavily, it was too hard for him to endure for long when faced with his mother's butt.

Yet, he was still hard and fully inside her.

"Mom, does it hurt?"

"...I...I don't like it very much," Yue Li replied hesitantly, it wasn't really as good as she expected it to be.

It was too painful and not as pleasurable, but still, the thought that her son was trying to please her as much as he could was a very amazing feeling.

Han Li gritted his teeth lightly, hidden from her. So it did hurt? She didn't like it? How can he enjoy it so much then?

He said, his voice determined, "We won't stop this until you are satisfied and in love with this!"

Yue Li hesitated but nodded, as long as he had fun... It was not that painful now after all.

Han Li got ready to do it again, but then, he thought of something and suddenly started reciting the Demonic Lust Sutra.

His eyes closed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16 - 16: The Start.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The room fell silent, the weak murmurs of ancient sutras seemed to be the only voice in this dead silence. Yue Li didn't even make breathing sounds, she just waited for the process of him cultivating to end.

For the supposed Lust Spark to be born.

"...I, the inheritor of ancient lust and the wielder of one of the seven Sacred Eyes ask for the Spark of lust to be bestowed upon me." With that, Han Li also turned silent.

His eyes closed tightly as if knitted together.

In an inconspicuous corner of his being, inside his body, a small spark of soul energy flared to life. Had someone powerful used their senses to peek into him, they would have seen a small, red spark slowly being birthed. And due to the birth of his Spark, his sacred eyes started to awaken.

In the process, Yue Li could also feel the rod inside her butt heat up and absorb something from inside her, something that she couldn't clearly feel.

Yet, she didn't even move and waited for the process to end — for her Xiao Li to wake up.

And,

Han Li stood silently, with multiple images, images of grandeur, images of life, images of death, and images of his own emotions and struggles passing through his mind.

They flickered past in mere seconds and Han Li opened his eyes, as crimson as blood and as piercing as a blade.

Yue Li looked back at those demonic eyes and her heart shivered in fear, they seemed so deep and so...red.

Han Li looked back at her in confusion for a second before his eyes turned pensive and he looked around.

Then, his gaze came back to rest on Yue Li, and she shivered again. Those eyes were too frightening...even on her own cute son's face.

"Mother..." said Han Li, a slight disgruntlement to his tone, he wasn't quite clear on the head yet.

"Wh...what happened Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked in a bit of fear, why did he seem so strange?

But Han Li didn't reply and just looked straight at her, his heart that had almost frozen long ago turning chaotic, and emotional.

"Xiao Li!" Yue Li called with a bit more strength in her voice and broke him out of his daze.

Han Li sighed, and said with an emotional tone, "It is nice to finally meet you, Mom."

Yue Li looked at him in confusion, her eyes wide.

Looking at her cute face filled with question marks, Han Li smiled, and chuckled, "Nothing happened for you to care about."

'Nothing, except for the fact that your son has just returned 500 years in time. Five centuries of learning and struggling, 500 years of attempting to bring you back from the dead—only to ultimately find himself in a ditch, like a stray dog, surrounded by the righteous factions and stabbed to death with his own sword.'

And it is really, really nice to see that dumb face of yours once more.

Luckily, he wasn't some random cultivator, he was the possessor of the Three Life Eye. One of the Seven Sacred Eyes, or in other words, The Eye of Premonitions.

He was someone who had 3 Lives, No, two premonitions, and one True Life.

First premonition, he died at the hands of a low-level cultivator of the Raven Clan, second one, he died at the hands of the Righteous Factions and in this final true life, he was just awake, his dick blazing hot inside his own mother's petite butt.

"Really? Nothing happened?" Yue Li asked with a dubious tone.

"For you, nothing has changed, just that your handsome son became a bit more mature," Han Li teased. Feeling his heart secretly swell inside him at her cheeks slowly reddening.

Yue Li blushed. Matured? Why? Because she allowed him to do this... today?

She had heard before that youngsters change after they lose their virginity, and her face blushed even more.

Luckily, even though she hadn't let him go into her Vagina, she was the one to feel his dick inside first. Otherwise, she would have regretted it her whole life. Phew... She was just a choice away from letting him marry someone at this tender age!

Unable to hide a small smile from showing on her face, she hid her head into the pillow again. It is quite nice. No wonder he wanted it so much...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17 - 17: Show me
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Don't hide your face Mom, show it to me, I want to see you well today," Han Li said in a gentle tone. Yue Li was hiding her red face in the pillow, but that won't do.

He was yearning. Craving.

Her face still hidden, she shook her head cutely. She was too shy now.

The soft bed was slightly sunken due to the mother-son duo, and Han Li's hard rod was half submerged in his Mother's petite butt; both of them were on their knees and currently in the doggy position.

Gently caressing the side of her waist, Han Li asked, "Did it hurt when I just put it in earlier?"

It must have, even though he had lubricated it with oil, his dick hurt slightly due to the tightness of his mother's tight ass, not to mention her own pain.

He focused not to move his waist though, and she also didn't move even though this weird position with her son intimately near her was making her sweaty all over.

Yue Li shook her head cutely again, and said meekly, "No, Xiao Li, it doesn't hurt anymore."

Han Li's face turned even gentler as he looked at her innocent frame — If the future's righteous groups had seen him, they'd be stunned.

This demon can be so gentle?

"Can I keep on doing it then Mom? I will be gentler," He asked.

Her face redder, Yue Li could not answer and just bit her lips and hid her face deeper. It did hurt a bit. She wouldn't lie.

"As long as you are gentle, I don't mind," she said.

Han Li didn't waste time anymore and enjoying the sight of her beautiful ass, divided her buttocks widely with his palms, and pushed his penis gently into her.

She trembled and her hands tightened n the sheets; they rustled and she breathed heavily, her son was becoming one with her.

In contrast, He could feel his Mother's insides warmly and invitingly embracing his cock and he gulped.

"Mom, your insides feel warm, just like you," he said with an intoxicated sigh.

Even though it was just her behind as of now, even that was greater than any pleasures of life he knew, it felt as if life had returned to him after 500 gruesome years. Her hole was just made for him, destined for him the day he was born; it felt so perfect inside, it would have been a sin not to unite.

He smiled and moved his hips back, the rod struggled against his mother's tightness but slid half out.

And while at it, he never let her butt cheeks go back to how they were, he kept it widely spread.

Yue Li moaned, 'Xi..Xiao Li!'

He was doing the exact same thing he did earlier, but his dick now seemed to have a determination and clarity as it moved back in.

Yue Li moaned cutely into the pillow again, 'Son...!'

She could feel her ass become full, and then her son left back out.

Then, he started to move more roughly, "Mom, I will be more rough now."

Ngg... Yue Li nodded through a moan.

Han Li didn't wait and started to push his thing back into his mother, moving through the walls of her ass, he once again filled her back entirely with his whole dick, it went completely in with one rough stroke and Yue Li exclaimed with a moan, "Mmm!!"

Moving his hands to support his mother's waist, Han Li's hand slowly moved up to find her boobs, the sense of the supple skin on his hand, her fit motherly waist, and a bit sweaty belly, he crossed all that and took a hold of his mother's breast.

It was so soft, he could feel his heart skip a beat, it was more than a handful too. He gently fondled the whole thing for a second before his fingers started to play with her erect pink nipples.

Han Li's dick got so hard, his mom could almost feel her insides shiver in anticipation. "Yes!" she exclaimed gently and Han Li found it, the place his dick was searching for — the sweet spot inside his Mother's butthole — she trembled as his dick kissed it.

Han Li then moved his other hand and carefully placed it above her Vagina, she shivered and tried to shift out of his hands, but he said, "Don't worry Mom."

Yue Li calmed down, her breathing was heavy and she could feel her whole being slowly getting dominated, her heart was struggling to keep sanity, and her mind was a mess, but now... She liked it.

She didn't want him to stop!

But her Vagina was dangerous.

Han Li didn't enter her vagina with his hands and instead only rubbed her clitoris with his finger, at the same time, his slimy dick continued to do its magic inside her, entering and moving out non-stop.

Her body heated up so much and her hands clenched on the bedsheet, she cried out, "Some...something is coming, Xiao Li!"

"Let it come, Mom!" Han Li exclaimed back and moved more roughly.

Yue Li closed her eyes tightly and all the pressure in her body suddenly weakened, Han Li's hands got drenched in her juices.

She came.

Han Li slowed down his pushing in and he could also feel his thing tremble inside her, he was close.

"How was it now?" His heart kept slowly beating as he asked.

"...Good, good, good," Yue Li weakly said, breathing heavily.

Han Li looked at her tired face and his arousal reached its peak, he pushed into her in a final thrust, and immediately after, his white seeds spread into his mother's asshole...

Both of them breathed heavily and Yue Li's legs tiredly gave out, it was too much work for someone like her who hadn't done hard labor in years.

Han Li supported her fall and took his dick out; he could see her butt leaking his own white juices as she tiredly fell asleep on her pillow, a blissful expression on her captivating face.

He smiled after finally seeing her face and made her sleep in a better position before falling to her side and getting her into his embrace, and in that lovely position, both naked like the day he was born... They fell asleep.

Each other's warmth made them calm down more than anything else. Both the mother and son were tired, one physically due to her son making her work so much, and the other due to 500 years of mental struggles — Both of them needed a brief respite.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18 - 18: Indeed...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Waking up groggily, Han Li felt a soft body hugging him tightly and looked to his side and it was his mother, hugging him so tightly – like a koala – and sleeping soundly in this noon time.

Looking at her sleeping face, he had the urge to tease her but he didn't; she was also using his hands as a pillow, and his hands were wrapped around her, so he couldn't even move without disturbing her, but he didn't plan to move anyway.

Motionlessly lying in his old house's bed, his mother calmly asleep naked in his embrace, the smell of old wood, the distant chirp of birds... Wasn't all that one of his dreams? Why would he move?

But in this calm backdrop, his thoughts started to flicker into action. In his previous life, he had already come to know about his "Three Life Eye" when he was approximately 400 years of age and was already preparing for this new life from that point.

Being killed by the Righteous faction was a surprise, but being reborn was expected and hoped for, he had barely not suicided at that point; he was waiting for his death.

Feeling Yue Li slightly move in his embrace, Han Li gently caressed the top of her head and whispered, "Sleep more...I am here, don't worry."

Yue Li calmed down and hugged him a bit closer.

Han Li continued patting her head and delved back into his thoughts. 'I was too young, too stupid, and too arrogant at this point of my life, that is why when your lifespan was ending, I could do nothing but look on as you aged and died. I was a fool.'

But no more!

"In this life, I will live without regrets, and achieve everything I have ever wanted to," Han Li muttered, "And this time, I won't miss to protect all whom I care for."

His hold around Yue Li tightened, she was comfortably and deeply asleep. That was a sight he had dreamed to see with all his heart at a point, but could never get to.

Yet it was happening and it was all real.

And if the world had to burn to achieve his dreams... Let the world burn.

But then, the image of an ugly young lad came to his mind; so ugly that even beggars wouldn't want to be around him. But on that rainy night, this same boy, with a dirty and bloody face, had asked him, the then great demon, a question.

"Great Demon, you say that you did all this murder to save that young girl, but even if you saved her today... Won't she die someday, in some other way?"

He was stunned and in disbelief, even if he killed everyone to save her, if she died in the end...

Han Li chuckled lightly, at that point, he hadn't had the answer or guts to say it, he was too young, too foolish.

He gently stroked his mother's hair. "You won't die, I won't die, nor would anyone I care for. As long as I become strong enough, as long as I am the one who controls life and death."

He also had the confidence to say so, he wasn't some inconspicuous little brat from the Southern Lust village anymore, he was the second coming of the Great Demon.

Moreover, this time, he will not lose his mother or her system's support like the last time, and if he played all his cards well... He had a chance at getting it all.

Ambition never went along with emotions, but he...had a chance.

Yue Li gently opened her eyes and cringed slightly as she murmured, "I have been awake for quite some time... you know?"

She was enjoying him calmly hugging her and stroking her hair, but why did he say such things all of a sudden?

"Oh...were you awake?" Han Li asked, not surprised at all. If he wasn't sure she was awake, he wouldn't have spoken out loud.

"You are so edgy today... do you know what my other world's people would call you?"

Surprised, Han Li asked, "What?"

"An edge lord."

Han Li turned silent. Was that something like the Lord of Blades or something?

Well, as long as it had an edge... It suits someone like him too, he guessed.

Mom kissed his chest and said, "Don't worry, I am just joking."

Han Li blinked, what...? He pinched her on her waist, and asked, his face slightly dark: "Tell me what that means!"

"Ouch! You scoundrel, how dare you pinch your mom!"

Then,

Lovely laughter echoed in the room...

Yue Li's bell-like tone mixed with Han Li's chuckle.

Indeed, his mom was the best.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19 - 19: Overestimation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mom, you overestimate your System too much," Han Li suddenly said, his hands gently placed around her waist.

Breaking out of her still-sleepy thoughts, she asked, "What do you mean?"

She had always seen the system as a God that can achieve all her wishes as long as she paid a price. He had just come to know of the system, so why was he saying this all of a sudden?

Han Li sighed. "It literally says Luck-Trade, and that is what it is...Luck Trade, it is in a sense a universal shop with all kinds of magical resources of the world there that we could trade for with our fortune that appears in assets."

Yue Li was even more confused: "...But that doesn't make any sense though?"

Han Li smiled slightly, and asked, "Why?"

"I wished for a Home and everyone in the outer circle got one built for us, it is not a magical resource as you say, it is just a normal house."

"House Building Seed, a unique seed – a magical resource – that grows inside an artificial fruit, you requested for the house and the seed fell into the starlight clan's mud. Houses were about to grow in abundance, so the higher-ups decided to give everyone houses."

"Ah, no wonder all parts of the House are in wood and we had to add the other stuff in!" Yue Li muttered in disbelief.

"Yeah, it is an artificial product built by a cultivator of ancient times, it helps make good-looking wooden houses in huge numbers within just days, and you just have to add a thatched roof above, which the clan – generously so – did for us."

In this Era, the fruit that the seed grew on was extremely rare, so rare, it was a wonder how one of the seeds ended up growing here.

Han Li then spoke about the next part of her wish, "That wish of yours also included having a son by your side, and you ate another fruit to achieve that, a Life fruit. If a man ate it, even he will become pregnant, and you ate a Yang variant that assures a son instead of a daughter."

Yue Li almost couldn't believe it.

Both were indeed magical resources if what he said was true! But she suddenly had a doubt. "But then how did I get you a Cultivation Technique with the system? It is not a Magical Resource right?"

Magical Resources were fruits, trees, and such things that have unique magical properties, how can a technique be a Magical Resource?

Han Li chuckled.

"You asked the wish, 'I want my son to get back the ability to cultivate' and not for the Demonic Sutra itself, if you had asked for it specifically, we would have gotten nothing."

"...I am so confused..."

"Your wish was fulfilled, Mom, but not with the Cultivation Technique, but with a Magical Resource as usual," he paused for a breath and continued, "one of the Seven Sacred Eyes. You traded your 'Sacred level Body Cultivation Talent' for my Red Eyes which is considered one of this world's best resources."

"Your eye?"

"Yes, you got my eye in exchange for your Soul Cultivation Talent and according to the way the Demonic Lust Sutra is set up by the sacred demon, it will automatically reach the host of this special eye you got me by whatever fate."

It was lucky that he got the technique to cultivate, or he would never have known the long Sutra to acquire a Lust Spark in his body. He would have had the ability to cultivate because of the eye, but wouldn't have been able to since summoning the Lust spark into him required the first chant.

Yue Li gulped, so she traded her talent for a high-level eye treasure of sorts? and it ended up giving him the ability to cultivate?

Han Li then said, "But that is such a bad way to use the System, you are just hoping for the best, and there are many ways it could have gone wrong and...anyway! It is a totally dumb way of using it, you could have even gotten my cultivation talent to start working without sacrificing your incredible talent if you did it in a good way!"

All of this was too complicated for Yue Li's simple brain, so she just asked, "How do you know all that?"

Han Li smiled. "Your son is smart and you are dumb, that is just it."

Yue Li's face darkened slightly at the tease on her intelligence and she asked, "Simplify it for me then."

"In simple words, my dumb mom who I just happened to love so much can only trade things in the Asset tab for magical resources of equal value. And even then, there is a small catch."

"I see...what is the catch?" Yue Li asked.

She understood most of what he said too.

'So I had been thinking of the System as a god that can make all my wishes come true, but I was just trading with resources that could help achieve my wishes...'

She gave up her great cultivation talent for peanuts worth of things, but for some reason, that made her more relieved than sad, it felt as if a burden was released from her back.

"The catch..." Han Li sighed, "The catch is that you can only ask for the same type of thing you give."

"...Explain," Yue Li asked, embarrassed.

"You gave away your 'Body Cultivation Talent at Sacred Level', the ultimate representation of Life, for a Life Fruit and a House Builder Seed, which are both resources of Life Type."

There were 8 Types of resources and Life was one of those Types. So, if she traded away a Life type something, she can only buy a Life type something of equal value.

"Then you traded away your 'Sacred level Soul Cultivation Talent' to buy me another Life Type resource of equal value, which was the Eye."

Yue Li's head almost steamed due to all the thinking, but she asked, "So in the end, if I trade One type of thing, I get the same type of thing in return?"

"Exactly! In the current situation of our assets; if we trade away our house, it won't get us anything anymore as it is just considered as normal wood now, it can at maximum buy us a nice smelling incense Magical resource. It doesn't count for much of an asset."

The system didn't mind how the wood was perfectly arranged in a shape that allowed humans to live inside comfortably — as a home. To the system, the house was just wood. It was a wonder it even showed on the Asset tab.

"But if we had the House Building Seed's true thing itself, we could have exchanged it for something really good among the list of Life type Magical Resources, for example, Lifespan Increasing Dew which can increase the lifespan of a mortal with a year for every drop they drink."

That would have been so helpful... It could even heal people from the brink of death if he had it.

The house builder seed was traded with this world's best Cultivation Talent, so it must be very valuable too. He could have gotten a hefty amount of the dew.

Yue Li nodded in slight disbelief; having figured some of the things he told out.

All the while, her mind kept ringing with one question though, where did he suddenly learn all this?

She wasn't so dumb to miss that!

Han Li saw the silent question in her eyes and said. "I just had a dream in which I came to know all this."

She looked at his serious face, there was no way she would believe him...

Han Li chuckled. "I would love to tell you, but not now, okay? I will tell you now if you really want to know, but you have to let me touch you there as much as I want."

"No way you little scoundrel." Yue Li harrumphed gently.

Anyway, he had always been much smarter than her... He should have just figured it out somehow and was probably trying to take advantage of the situation.

She won't fall for his tricks in this matter!

They were walking on dangerous edges earlier itself, and that was her limit.

Han Li smiled and fell into his thoughts, that system had a way to be used, and he was well prepared to do that.

What to trade to get what and how to reach his previous peak as quickly as possible... he had a good idea of what to do.

Even though his mom was the one who had the system, he will be the one to use it, and he will use it well.

"Then what about the Demonic Lust Sutra?" Yue Li suddenly asked: "It is also in the Asset Tab. Can we trade it for something good?"

And Sacred Coins too...

"That is just counted as information that the system will buy from us if we trade the sutra, we can get information in return... but that has a very big issue, you get to only ask one question no matter how good of an information you trade, and it is rather limited in depth too."

That was why Yue Li named it 'Luck-Chat' in the first place, she could give away some things to have a Lucky encounter or give information away to Chat with it.

It was quite a dumb name, but good enough.

She had just been too awed by the system.

If the information he could buy back included things like cultivation techniques or such, it would have been really good, but it couldn't. Sadly so.

It can only be useful in buying high-class knowledge. Others might not know how to make it truly useful, but he had future knowledge to use it perfectly.

"You really came to know about the system more than me in a day...did you really have a dream?"

"Even I don't know much about that thing, it is just too complicated to feel around its working..."

"It is already noon... don't you have to cook anywhere today?" Yue Li suddenly asked as she saw the kight outside through the curtains.

"I don't, but I have some other business...we have to wake up."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20 - 20: Time to change destiny!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Amidst the bustling crowd of people going in and out, Han Li strolled through the city gateway towards the forest.

Even though this gateway was mainly used by merchants who live or have stalls in the main city, it still had some ordinary people using it, but it was rather empty when an Awakening ceremony was not being hosted in one of the three clans.

It was not used as much as the other Gateways.

Only on Awakening ceremonies do outsiders come into the city to sell their goods

Furtively looking around and not finding Shan Shan among the mix of merchants around, Han Li calmly walked across and the guard let him pass without a question.

The guard was merely here to keep the crowd at bay in case of trouble after all, and not to catch shady activities. Nevertheless, he was a cultivator who had already gone through his Evolution.

Walking further, and soon hidden by the shadows of the thick trees and foliage, Han Li glanced towards a direction and sprinted.

He was quite sure the low-level cultivator of the Raven Clan won't be snooping around here, but this was still quite a gamble, if by any chance the guy was there, he would have had to run back with his tails tucked to the city.

Nobody would dare to hurt him inside the city unless they wanted war or something.

But still, this was a calculated gamble since even if the Raven was here, he won't just directly attack and would wait for Han Li to go further from the city walls and gateway.

He would never expect that Han Li was wary of him since Han Li of today was supposed to have no idea of a potential attacker.

After a while of walking around, surrounded by trees, Han Li kept searching for a specific one.

A tree with blue moss and yellow mushrooms on it.

'Green moss, no, this isn't the one.'

'This one has blue moss but not the mushrooms.'

He counted past the trees one by one and even though he couldn't find it yet, he was sure it was somewhere around this part of the forest.

One tree after another got a no and he kept on searching. There were many trees with one of the qualities but not both.

The sun of noon shined brighter and brighter, and the lands turned hotter in turn, but inside the shadows of this melancholic and calm forest, a young boy kept walking here and there.

Luckily for him, this place had no beasts; only some harmless things like birds and squirrels.

'Blue moss and Yellow Mushroom, Blue Moss and yellow mushroom!' he muttered inside his mind as he roamed.

He had almost searched the whole plot around here with more than 70 trees by now, and even climbed atop some of the trees, but couldn't find a thing.

In his previous life, Uncle Li, the fat Pang Li was traveling these woods and had seen a tree with blue moss and yellow mushrooms; while stopping there to look at it, he had found a small treasure trove in the process.

And that only happened months from now. And at that point, Han Li had already killed the Raven Clan cultivator covertly.

It was just a small sack filled with 5000 Sacred coins, but for the current him, it would have been very useful; he could have immediately had his first Awakening with it if he used that money and followed the Demonic Lust Sutra.

And he could have a much better start than his previous life.

"What a shame..." Han Li sighed, but his red eyes didn't lose their shine, "Guess I will have to go pickpocket in the market now."

He was quite good at that.

Then there was that other little treasure trove in one of the old aunties' bathrooms that someone left behind before death.

It must not have been found yet, so if he went there now, it could be his.

That was a bit troublesome though and it only had about 1000 coins, which was not a big amount of money in comparison to 5000 here.

Without hesitating, Han Li quickly turned around and began to leave, but just before he left, a thought crossed his mind, "He said the mushrooms AND blue moss! but the mushrooms can't grow in this cold season!"

He could still remember him bragging about it, but he had been a bit tunnel-visioned.

Feeling quite dumb, Han Li quickly went to one of those trees with only blue moss that he had avoided and immediately began digging the mud around its roots.

Uncle Li had his fat and heavy body to make the mud move accidentally once he stepped on it, but he didn't, so he dug into the mud using his bare hands and soon, he could feel the sensation of a cloth on his hands.

With his full power, Han Li pulled it out of the heavy mud.

There it was, a muddy and brown small sack. A bit eager, Han Li licked his lips and opened it. a sack full of golden pearls — Sacred Coins.

Han Li calmly covered it and put it on his back before heading back to the city.

The first step was done, now it was the time to start cultivating the Demonic Lust Sutra for real.

Yes,

It was due time he went through his first Awakening.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21 - 21: Using the Luck-Trade System
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li gently dropped the small sack filled with coins on the ground.

Yue Li looked at it in intrigue and asked, curious, "What is that Xia Li?"

Han Li didn't answer and went behind her and wrapped his hands around her waist.

"Open the System, Mom."

"...Sure, but why?"

"Open it already..."

Yue Li pouted and opened it, and Han Li didn't waste time and took her hands into his, then used it to click "Luck-Trade".

Yue Li instinctively looked down at the "Asset Tab" and her eyes widened in surprise.

"Fiv..Five thousand?!" She exclaimed out loud.

Han Li grinned seeing the adorable expression. And said, his red eyes locked back on the System.

"Don't worry Mom, It is completely safe money."

"But..But Li, di..did you steal?!"

Somewhat pissed, Han Li shook his head, "Don't worry so much, you dumbass, and trade what I tell you to do."

"Xiao Li..."

Sigh... Han Li sighed at her frown and said, irritated, "It is something I got due to luck, okay? It was buried on the ground and I just got it."

"Xiao Li..."

"Okay, it was something I borrowed from someone and I will have to give it back, okay?" He asked, more irritated.

Yue Li sighed in relief, and said with a confident smile, "I know my son won't steal, I was just nervous seeing all the money."

"Now trade what I say."

Yue Li smiled nervously and clicked on empty air that looked like a golden screen to them. "What do you want to wish for?"

"An energy extraction pearl."

"A w–"

"Wish for it Mom."

Yue Li didn't think much about it and closed her eyes with irritation and then began to mutter in her heart, "I wish I get an Energy extraction pearl"

The golden screen shifted and showed another Tab:

[Assets you can exchange for an Energy Extraction Pearl: 3400 Sacred coins out of the 5220 coins. Accept Trade? Y/N]

Han Li smiled, indeed, both of these things were of Energy Nature.

Sacred coins could be used for cultivation after going through Evolution after all.

"That much money! Is it really any useful? Xiao Li... It will be a lot of hard work to pay it back...you know?"

"Stop whining and buy it." He rubbed his cheeks against hers.

Yue Li puffed her cheeks and clicked 'Yes'.

3400 coins vanished out of the sack on the ground. Han Li could see it visibly shrinking.

Licking his lips, Han Li waited without letting his mother go out of his embrace. Yue Li also waited nervously.

Knock* Knock*

A sound came from outside, someone was knocking on their door.

Han Li smiled and whispered, "Do you think it's here?"

Yue Li nodded.

Both of them stopped playing around and Han Li tentatively went and opened the door, and to his surprise, the person looking at him was someone he knew – it was  Shan Liyue, Fat Uncle Li's daughter.

The one who was supposed to have a marriage the next day.

Han Li's eyes automatically moved to scan her looks. She was a young woman with a tanned and quite beautiful face, and she was wearing humble white village clothes and her eyes were the signature black of most Starlight Clan members.

Moreover, her boobs were aplenty and her butt was quite a sight.

The old Han Li would have thought her to be just above average, but the Great Demon could see that she had yet to have her full blossom and would be a great beauty.

Not at all understanding that a pervert had scanned her all over and instantly decided she was his woman from now, Shan Liyue smiled at Yue Li and said, "Hello Aunty Yue, and hello...hmm... Han Li!"

Han Li and Yue Li glanced at her in intrigue, and she looked back at them.

'Why are they glancing at me like that?' Liyue felt odd at their intrigued gazes and decided to immediately finish her job and go back.

"I was here to give some balance that my father forgot to give you, he wanted to give it to you in the morning but said he couldn't find you."

"Ah, that!" Han Li rose an eyebrow. Indeed, something like that happened.

"Yes, this is the 30 coins he asked me to give," Liyue calmly placed a small pouch on Yue Li's hands and looked at Han Li.

"And also, my father asked me to tell you to meet him tomorrow, I think you might get some work if you do."

Han Li smiled at her and said, "Don't worry, I will speak with him."

Surprised, Liyue looked at his face, it was only now that she suddenly saw his gleaming red eyes. 'Was it always red like that? It is so beautiful...'

Chuckling, Han Li asked, "You like those eyes?"

"...I do," Absentmindedly replying, Liyue's face immediately reddened.

"I..I mean, it is a beautiful color."

Han Li moved closer to her and looked straight into her black shiny eyes and asked, "Yours is also quite beautiful, you know?"

Feeling her heart skip a beat, Liyue shifted her gaze, she felt quite uncomfortable.

Seeing that, Han Li licked his lips and extended his hands towards her face.

'Wh...what is he about to do?' she exclaimed in her mind and was about to move back when Han Li gently took out something stuck in her hair.

"Sorry, our place has many birds that drop these things on your head."

Startled, she put her hands on the place where he took it from and asked in curiosity, "What is that?"

"It is nothing but a small stone." Han Li smiled and showed her what was in his hands, and indeed, it was a useless stone.

Feeling slightly ashamed, she cupped her fists and quickly left. Han Li glanced at her as she ran away.

"Cute girl right, Mom?"

Yue Li looked at him in amazement and nodded. Even an amateur like her could tell that he was teasing the poor girl.

And for some reason, she really liked what she saw. Maybe it was because she found something new about her son that she hadn't yet.

He was good at teasing other girls too.

Han Li chuckled at her and showed her the stone. "Do you know what this is Mom?"

Yue Li looked at it, it just looked like plain stone. "Is it the Energy extraction pearl thingy?"

"Yes, It is the cure for your legs."

Yue Li's eyes widened in surprise.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22 - 22: Energy Extraction Pearl
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In Han Li's oldest to freshest memories, Yue Li was with him.

She was his perfect mother.

When he was too young to work, she worked hard to feed them. Han Li might seem to be the one doing all the work now.

But that was it — Now.

Some years ago, she had worked in the fields, knitted others' clothes, and even worked shortly on a stall to earn a living for them.

It was when Han Li turned eighteen that he got the Demonic Lust Sutra and the ability to cultivate.

But Yue Li had traded her Soul Cultivation Talent at the time when Han Li was just ten.

She herself was 27 at that point, quite a normal age to go through an evolution attempt.

With her extremely high talent, it was only natural she could not grow stronger easily without guidance.

High talent without knowledge of how to use it was just a hindrance in the early stages of cultivation.

But unlike other times, her "Luck-chat System" had not worked immediately after the trade – or so she had thought – and her son didn't get the ability to cultivate.

She lost her talent, but he didn't get any talent.

Only a special Eye had settled onto Han Li's soul covertly. That was what she traded for, but she never knew that.

To her, Han Li was just like any other day, he never got a spark.

So, in the end, she inevitably failed in her evolution when she was 33, and when Han Li was 16.

And the horrendous cycle of leg pain started to assault her, and Han Li, even though young, didn't allow his mom to work anymore.

He started working and found out cooking was a good way to earn decent money, he just had to copy his mother's cooking and it was easy.

All the while, she went on to be scammed multiple times in search of a lucky encounter that would one day make Han Li be able to cultivate.

She just thought the System was late.

And while they spend their life in monochromy like that, the mysterious magic set up on the Demonic Lust Sutra that made it automatically find a Sacred Eye user had been triggered and it slowly moved towards them.

It reached him on his 18th birthday.

All these thoughts briefly flashed through Han Li's mind as he looked at the stone in his hands; The Energy Extraction Pearl.

That was why he said it was not the way to use the System. Asking something vaguely like, 'Oh please give him that talent or this capability' would only end up in duds or useless trades.

Whenever you wanted something from the system, it was best to have an in-depth knowledge of what you wanted.

Yue Li waved a hand infront of his face and woke him up from his daze. And asked cutely, "Where are you Xiao Li?"

Han Li looked at her, they were now inside their home and were talking about healing her when he suddenly thought of all of that.

"I love you, Mom." He focused on her eyes and said out of nowhere.

Yue Li looked at him weirdly, 'Where did that come from?'

Irritated, Han Li playfully twisted her ears from the side and said, "Just say you love me too when I say that, you dumb woman!"

"Ouch, it hurts, it hurts!" Yue Li's face cringed in mock pain and Han Li stopped.

She looked back at him in irritation and said, "You have been pinching me too much these days."

"Okay, then, I won't pinch you." Han Li kept the smile and moved infront of her.

Their bodies mere inches apart, Yue Li looked up at his face in question.

Han Li wrapped his hands around her waist and bent down slightly, then slowly brought his face closer to hers.

She flinched slightly and Han Li's lips gently caught her lips, and before she could even think, her son was deeply kissing her.

Both of them naturally closed their eyes and enjoyed their first kiss. The taste of each other.

Feeling her grow out of breath, Han Li gently took his tongue out of her mouth and bit her lips gently before moving his face back.

Yue Li breathed heavily and clung to his chest for support.

And Han Li just looked at her red face in amusement and said, "I would do that instead of pinching you from now on when I feel you are too irritating."

Yue Li could feel her heart beating like a drum, she said weakly, "Th...that was out of nowhere."

Han Li smiled, the custom of kisses were new to him, but it was not a new concept to her when they came to know about it some years from now.

But it felt nice to have his mother's first kiss again.

"You like it, mom?" He didn't let her go out of his embrace and just kept looking into her eyes.

Yue Li pondered the question seriously and then asked, "You kind of taste like blackberries, did you eat some?"

Han Li looked at her irritatedly for a second and went for another kiss.

And this time, Yue Li's legs rose from the ground a bit to support the kiss.

Han Li couldn't help but find her more irritating.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23 - 23: Recovery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li followed Han Li's hand with her gaze as it effortlessly drew something complex on the ground using chalk.

She could see he was drawing a pattern, but she couldn't quite figure out what he was planning.

After their lovely first kiss, he suddenly asked her for a chalk and she had given him what she had.

But he didn't tell her why, he had just started drawing on their room's wooden floor.

So she scrutinized him.

He was so focused on drawing it, why?

Why does he seem more mature all of a sudden in these past few days?

Was it really because she let him do that?

She was deep in thoughts about the great dao when Han Li suddenly snapped her out of her thoughts.

He wiped some sweat away from his forehead and said, "Mom, it is ready, come here."

Yue Li asked curiously, "What is this drawing?"

And why did the drawing seem to be dimly shining?

"Drawing?" Han Li took her by the hand and placed it on the 'Dead's Return Diagram' and muttered: "Only ignorant people like you would dare to call this thing a drawing."

Feeling the slight coldness on her hand, she questioned, "What is it then? some kind of formation or array or something?"

It seems he had something prepared when he said he could heal her.

"It is a masterpiece, created by none other than one of the seven sacred demons."

"One of those people again?" Yue Li couldn't help but exclaim. She had heard of them so much after coming to this world; they were like the gods of her past life and everyone was like their believers.

But she could understand though, they must be hella strong, actually like Gods or something.

"Yeah, one of those seven mighty demons."

"Which one?"

"Who cares about that, just know that this thing is good."

Yue Li then confusedly asked, "Where did you get it then?"

Han Li said without giving her a chance to speak, "Eat the pearl I gave you."

Yue Li took the stone he gave her earlier, 'Why does he call it a pearl?'

"Eat it."

She opened her mouth and ate it.

Han Li put a hand above her hand and muttered meaningless jibberish for a while before concluding it with, "...I, the inheritor of Ancient Lust and the wielder of one of the seven Sacred Eyes ask for the unknown dimension to open for a split second."

Yue Li looked at his quirky actions weirdly and waited.

"Mom, just wait, the rest is up to luck... even the system can't help us here."

Yue Li nodded weirdly.

'Well...'

Yue Li waited patiently, she had no lack of patience.

While, Han Li moved some distance away from her and silently hoped for good luck.

This Diagram was something that he had adventured with his life to get in the last parts of his past life.

It was a fight that cemented his name as the Era's Greatest Demon — Red-Eyed Han Li.

It was a Sacred Level object in worth, but he would never put it out in the open other than in his head and now.

It was too dangerous if the world knew all the treasures he had.

Moreover, the chance was only a split second long, so it was practically up to luck, even the system won't be able to affect nature in such ways.

He was sure about that.

...

Yue Li's hands started to turn colder and colder.

But she could feel the coldness being constantly absorbed by her belly.

Even someone as dumb as her could guess it was due to the stone she swallowed.

Suddenly, the world around her changed to something utterly red for a brief second before it returned to calmness.

And the coldness had vanished!

Even the diagram had vanished from below her hands.

"Wha..What is going on?" She exclaimed.

"Check the system for your talent, does your cultivation talent show something?" Han Li asked as he came closer.

Yue Li turned on her golden-colored system and looked at it.

[Body Cultivation Talent: Average.]

[Soul Cultivation Talent: Average.]

Han Li relievedly smiled but his red eyes then shined deeply.

He said with a stern tone, "Mom, immediately go through your three Awakenings one by one."

Yue Li was a bit overwhelmed at the moment and didn't question him, she immediately focused.

As long as someone's Spark was as strong as an average 13-year-old's, they could go through the first Awakening.

She tried to focus on her Spark and immediately, a Dark Blue spark came to her senses.

'Dark Blue? wasn't Starlight Spark white?'

It was a finger length wide, just as wide as Han Li's current Lust Spark.

Both of them were of Average talent for their Cultivation Stage.

She focused on it intensely and the Spark tried to come out of her body.

It was as if it was hidden behind invisible barriers and she could potently feel them at the moment, and right after it came out of the first barrier.

Her senses grew clear.

The sound of distant chattering outside, the sound of insects, the sound of birds.

Everything was so clear, she felt as if she was reborn.

"Don't stop Mom, go through the rest!" Han Li said with a monstrous grin and a terrorizing voice.

Yue Li heeded even though the euphoria of suddenly enhanced senses hadn't vanished.

She once again focused on her Spark and it automatically tried to come out of her body.

Another invisible barrier was crossed.

And her senses again grew clearer. She could now understand what the chatter outside was.

"I heard the best position for sex is being under a man!"

"That's true, but you are a man, don't you feel disgusted?"

"Aren't you a man too my dear?"

...

Han Li saw her weird expression and said, guessing, "Such things are normal, people would gossip about everything, don't mind them and just focus on your Awakening."

Yue Li rolled her eyes at him but did what he told.

Han Li looked at her in intrigue, what spark did she get in the end?

Her Spark passed the third and final barrier and she held her palm infront.

A dark blue fire the size of a baby's fist lit up above her hand.

Her third Awakening had succeeded.

Han Li looked at it closely.

'Dark Blue?'

Hmm... that's quite a nice start!

And Yue Li could feel her senses expanding out of her body, 'Hmm...how I missed this feeling!'

It felt as if she could see the whole room they were in from all angles. Even though it was exhausting, it was a good feeling.

"But why is this flame so ugly and why is it so small?" Yue Li asked.

It was thrice as big when her Starlight Spark awakened for the third time. And that looked so beautiful too.

And this? Ew... Dark and blue and, not at all her style!

Han Li though, only had that monstrous smirk return. "Damn me if I can't give you twice that foundation!"

"Finger yourself with that hand."

She frowned but put her hands into her clothes, she was too into the process to deny.

And the moment she put it in, the flames automatically entered her vagina and immediately started to burn her own soul energy trapped inside.

And in minutes, all her past misfortune, the failed Evolution's consequence – the chaotic soul energy – was absorbed into the flame.

She immediately felt a weight removed from her back.

Then she glanced at her flame, it had grown to two baby fist size.

But it was still ugly.

"Look at your System, Mom!" Han Li laughed out loud.

[Soul Cultivation Talent: High.]

[Body Cultivation Talent: Average.]

"Wow, it grew Xiao Li!"

"It is far from over! How can that talent be enough for the Greatest of an Era's mother?"

This was the only chance for her to gain talent, if he didn't get her the best, he would be stupid!

The Energy Extraction Pearl inside her stomach — which looked like an actual pearl filled with energy now instead of a dull stone — got digested and the energy that it had absorbed in the split second the Diagram worked traveled into Yue Li's body.

Her Spark burned much brighter and her hair turned the color of crimson from the roots.

She tiredly glanced at the system.

Too many twists you idiot. She was tired!

[Soul Cultivation Talent: Sacred]

[Body Cultivation Talent: Sacred]

The legendary talent which only appears when both of the talents are "High". [Sacred]

Yue Li smiled.

Han Li smiled.

"But the spark looks ugly though..."

Han Li pointed at a mirror on the side. "You also look ugly though? You don't look like my cute mom at all!"

That was a lie.

Yue Li frowned and looked at the mirror.

She gasped!

Her hair had become red?!

She immediately withdrew the spark back into her body and the hair slowly turned back to black...

'Thank god!' she relievedly sighed inside.

Han Li calmly came before her, hugged her, and then caressed her head.

"Good job Mom."

Yue Li rested her head on his chest. "I kind of feel sleepy Xiao Li."

"It is normal after so many breakthroughs, go to sleep, I am beside you."

The adrenaline would have worn off.

"Hmm."

Yue Li's eyelids became rapidly heavy and before she knew it, she fell into a small slumber in his embrace.

He just kept calmly hugging her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24 - 24: Vulnerability of Life.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun of dawn had yet to wash away the darkness. It was in the time directly before morning shine.

The morning birds were slowly waking up and the night birds were about to go to sleep. And inside Han Li's house, the lights were off and Yue Li was deep in sleep above his chest.

But Han Li didn't do anything funny and waited for her to wake up. He hadn't slept a wink last night since he wanted to be awake when she woke up.

Yue Li suddenly flinched and clenched his clothes, and he tightened his hug around her back.

She just clenched his chest harder – Han Li could almost feel the fear on her body.

She was also sweating quite a bit.

Han Li rubbed her back and muttered, "Don't worry, it is just a dream, a dream. Don't worry, okay?"

But that didn't calm her down and she slept like that frightened kitten for a very long while, until suddenly, her eyes fluttered open.

She first scanned her surroundings with her quivering eyes and then looked at Han Li's face. She took deep breaths for a while before calming down and tiredly resting her head on his chest.

Han Li rubbed her back and muttered, "Don't worry, it's just a dream. A dream."

Yue Li slowly calmed down.

"Are you fine now?" he asked in a gentle voice. The dawn was happening and the windows had started leaking in some light.

Yue Li nodded.

"...What kind of dream did you have?"

Yue Li was silent for a while before she spoke: "I saw my old world, the people there, my friends, and... the last second when that truck came crashing towards me."

Han Li became silent this time.

"I...I felt as if it had directly hit me again, I could still feel the fear!" she weakly exclaimed and then said, "I...You know Xiao Li, I had thought I forgot all of it but... but that dream was so vivid."

Sighing inwardly, Han Li explained, "It is usual Mom, hmm, unusual for an Awakened but it is ordinary since you went through all three of it at once."

Yue Li looked at his face for answers, those glaring white lights were the things that made her wake up and even now, her heart was a bit uncalm; even though him hugging her made her much calmer.

"Breakthroughs from one cultivation Stage to another are often followed by a huge shake of our soul and body, and that makes our psyche very...vulnerable.

That is why you fell asleep, you wanted some rest to get yourself to calm down.

But that in turn always leaves a chance for the most subconscious part of our life, dreams, to take advantage of us."

Yue Li was now much calmer and asked, "That means?"

"Let me explain it to you better." Han Li took a deep breath and thought of the most efficient way to explain it.

"Every Breakthrough, Mom is followed by a shaking of our soul and body, and that in turn, shows us parts of our memories and emotions clearly through our most subconscious act – Dreaming.

Often it is considered a blessing, but more often, it is considered a calamity of sorts.

In a cultivator's life, they would have many memories, the ones they wanted to forget, the ones they regret.

And those memories, Mom, Its life in its rawest form."

He paused and looked at the window. "But it is undoubtedly cruel. With that, they are forced to remember. Forced to see how they had changed and how the others around them have changed. How they had ruined and how worthless life had become."

Yue Li wordlessly listened to her son with a strange feeling in her heart.

"You will find it hard to believe, but in a statistic I once read, it is said that more than 40% of high-level cultivators die due to suicide. They just couldn't accept the pain of all the memories and losses."

Yue Li clenched his clothes and muttered, "It is a cruel tribulation."

She could guess how hard it would be to remember all the traumas in a cultivator's long life after every breakthrough.

They were talking about hundreds of years worth of traumas. Luckily, most of her previous life traumas weren't truly traumatic; except her death that is.

"Life is quite cruel, Mom, the emptiness that slowly creeps into our hearts as we age is even crueler.

The death of a loved one is even crueler.

Then among all that, the dismay of being forced to remember...As I said, some consider it a blessing to be able to remember their fading memories, some a misfortune. Some say it is a call for death."

Yue Li sighed, a cultivator's life was never bees and butterflies, she had heard that long ago, but this was news to her.

Even their own memories could haunt mighty powerhouses and make them go to the lengths of suicide.

Han Li's mind wandered slightly, 'But for me... It was always my resolve, My breath of life. My fortune among all the misfortunes I went through.'

The memories that popped up in his head as dreams after every breakthrough was never a calamity to him,  in his previous life, that was his resolve.

It pushed him an extra mile.

Han Li pushed away the dark thoughts as the room started to brighten. "Mom, it is a new beginning for us now... you are now a cultivator again, remember?"

Yue Li smiled slightly, but then, suddenly thought of something and asked, "Ah, Xiao Li, you never told me what my Spark does and I have so many questions about yesterday!"

Han Li chuckled...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25 - 25: Yue Li's doubts on the dao.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"First of all, Xiao Li, how did you get me a spark? It's impossible to get a person who failed in their evolution to cultivate ever again, right?" Yue Li questioned in curiosity.

She was not the only one who failed in her evolution. There were thousands of such people in the Southern Lust City alone!

To have an ability that could save all of them was something too great to all of a sudden end up in his hands right?

She wasn't that stupid!

"It was something that was included in the Demonic Lust Sutra, the 'Dead's Return Diagram' that I drew on the ground earlier." Han Li calmly pondered and then replied.

Lying to her was the best option at the moment. He didn't want to tell her about him having come back in time due to many reasons, so it was better to lie to her until a good time came when he could confess.

Now was not such a time.

Her mind was too fragile to accept what he had to give.

"Dead's Return Diagram?" Yue Li was more curious now, yeah, that dimly shining drawing was something new.

"You remember the feeling of taking out the spark from inside three barrier sort of things, right?" Han Li questioned.

Yue Li nodded, indeed, the spark had to move past 3 barriers to come out of her body.

"The space inside those barriers is called 'Empty Space' commonly, there are also other names like 'Human furnace' or 'inner space' but most call it the Empty Space.

That is the place in-between a human's soul and body, it is like a bridge of sorts. And everyone has that space, everyone's sparks reside inside until they awaken it and bring it out of the barriers on it."

"Oh? So it is like some kind of house for the sparks to stay inside our body?"

"...In a sense." Han Li nodded, there was no better explanation for it.

"But, Mom, all of the ordinary people only have one spark inside the 'Empty Space' but the Seven Ancient Demons who ruled the seven continents were different. They had all kinds of sparks inside it, even though one main spark stood dominant over the others."

Yue Li listened on; today's morning sure was different.

"And when people die, their 'Empty Spaces' don't vanish immediately. You have heard the legends of the dead turning into stars right?

Any creature that had at least reached the Power Birth Realm – the third major stage – in cultivation, when dead, will have its sparks rise into the sky and transform into stars through thousands of years of transformation.

It is a long process and I don't know much of its specifics, but with the 'Dead's Return Diagram', I am overtaking the authority as lust demon's heir and putting my hand into his Empty Space."

Yue Li fascinatedly listened on but then cringed slightly, "So my spark is something we stole from a dead person?"

"Yes, it is something we stole from one of the Seven Demon's 'Empty Space' that became a star, as I said, they each have all sorts of sparks inside, we just put our hand in and snatched one for ourselves." Han Li said without a pause.

In the end, it meant, they had stolen it from a star high up in the sky. An unknown star that represented the long-dead demon.

That Diagram was that over powered.

Yue Li couldn't quite understand it but nodded regardless.

"Can we use that diagram thing again though?"

That could be used to help many people!

"No, it is an extremely bad idea to keep using power that you don't really understand. I am very ignorant of this thing and I don't plan to use it ever again, for multiple reasons."

He was sure it was not really ominous due to many reasons, but it was better to tell her the seriousness of it.

"Also Mom, never, ever mention anything about what happened today to anyone. It could lead us to death."

Yue Li looked at his eyes for a long while and nodded. She could understand this might be a treasure that others might covet.

It could change the world after all.

But still, the Demonic Lust Sutra had many good stuff... It even helped heal her!

She should thank that merchant someday.

"So what is my spark in the end?"

"Let's brush and clean first, we will go for a test run."

"Okay!" Yue Li excitedly nodded.

They quickly got up, brushed, and cleaned themselves up before making some tea.

And after drinking it, they went back to their room.

...

[Luck Trade]

"What do I have to buy again?" Yue Li asked weirdly.

"Spark Understanding Energy Stone."

"That is a long name..." She closed her eyes and wished for it.

His sacred coins went from [1880] to [1200] and a new trade was initiated.

Han Li waited calmly.

Yue Li suddenly asked, "What kind of stone is this?"

"It is a stone that can show what kind of spark a person has, it will react differently to different sparks, you have to know how to read it and if you do, you will understand it."

He knew how to read it clearly, all high-level cultivators knew.

"...Any identifiable characteristics of that stone?" Yue Li asked weirdly.

"Why?" Han Li questioned back.

"There was this beautiful blue stone that I was once scammed to buy, is that it? It used to shine a long time ago, but it stopped working the day I bought it."

"Show it to me!"

Yue Li went and brought it back with her for him to see.

Han Li scrutinized it. "Damn...That's my 680 coins wasted on our own stuff."

"You should have told me what you are trading for."

"No, I should have checked your collection of scammed products to see if there was something good that I missed."

Yue Li pouted.

"But this stone doesn't shine though..." she muttered.

"Touch it with your spark."

Yue Li brought her Dark Blue Spark out and burned the stone with it.

Soon enough, the stone turned pure blue and then transformed into water that wetted the bedsheets.

Han Li scrutinized it and muttered, "Good."

It was just as expected.

"Your spark is of a Dao related to the Great Dao of Water. No, it will be confusing if I say it that way, so I will explain simpler."

"There are two types of Sparks in this world, Transformation type, and Ethereal Type. The transformation type slowly transforms the human body into something else, for example, the Raven Clan. They have a Transformation Type Spark.

When they reach a high level of cultivation, their whole body can transform into a type of Raven Beast.

And for Ethereal Type, an example is the Starlight Spark. It is a Spark that changes something out of our body - Something Ethereal like Starlight."

"So what type is my new Spark?" Yue Li didn't care for such things that didn't directly affect them.

"It is an Ethereal Spark, so even if you grow in the cultivation level, your body will always remain weak like today and you will have to cultivate specific Cultivation Sutras to make your body stronger.

But your Soul will naturally grow stronger with your Cultivation Level, you don't have to practice any technique for your soul because of the Ethereal Spark."

Yue Li cutely looked at him with her big round eyes.

That kind of complexity was too out of her class.

"Don't worry, you will understand when you cultivate truly."

"...But what is my spark in the end?"

"It is the Rain Water Spark. Quite suited to you actually."

"So I will get Rain powers if I can evolve?" She asked with a gently thumping heart.

"In a sense. But you will have to do so much work to get your body to be as strong as Transformation Spark users of similar cultivation levels. Of course, it will always be hard for them to match you in strength of your Soul."

Especially due to her Soul Talent being so high.

Yue Li pondered on those words and suddenly smiled. "So I am kind of like a Mage from Manhwas and Transformation Type are like Knights. Then what about your Lust Spark, Xiao Li?"

"Mage? Knights?"

"Hahah, You won't understand, you are too dumb to understand such profound Dao."

Han Li laughed, "You know what mom?"

"What?" Yue Li suddenly got a bit defensive at his fierce gaze.

"I am finding you suddenly too irritating, you know what the punishment of irritation is... right?"

"Hoo... a Kiss? Alright." Yue Li smiled, that was okay.

"No, Not a kiss." Han Li silently went infront of her and hugged her.

"I also want to breakthrough, you know? And you no longer have the issues down there."

Yue Li flinched.

"W...what are you about to do?"

"To make my mom mine!"

Han Li pushed her down to the bed with a gentle smile.

Yue Li could do nothing but watch with a fleshed face as he removed his own clothes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26 - 26: Chastity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He didn't immediately rush to do it but instead waited to see her reaction. Naked and completely bare to his mom's sight, Han Li looked at her with a smile.

He was now on top of her and she was under him, so her face, cute and flushed, was visible to him clearly. Her eyes were fidgeting all around in nervousness.

"Why are you so nervous, Mom? Wasn't this just foreordained once you got your cultivation back?" He smiled at her nervousness and his red eyes became lustful.

Yue Li harrumphed weakly at the sight and looked away from him. Flushing right down to her neck.

"Mom, do you really think I'm asking this just to admire your cuteness?" Han Li asked as he gently turned her face towards him with his hands.

"What? Didn't you want to do something? What do you want other than the cuteness then? Just do what you want." she said, her voice as weak as a mosquito.

Han Li looked at her with squinted eyes. Well, it was not that he didn't have the urge, he just wanted to be clear with this stupid woman.

"I could sense a hint of discomfort in your blush, you know? I know you so well, and it just felt strange when you didn't even make an effort to resist," Han Li mentioned casually.

Yue Li looked at him with stunned eyes. "...Really? You sensed such a thing?"

"Yes, Really." He looked into her eyes seriously, "So, tell me Mom, what is bothering you?"

Yue Li's gaze fidgeted around for quite a long while again.

Han Li leaned in and planted a gentle kiss on her forehead. "Tell me, Mom, it's me... your son. Why are you so hesitant in the first place? You know your Xiao Li would never mind anything you say, right?"

Yue Li took a deep breath, composed herself, and gently stroked his chest as she said, "It's not a big deal, but I got a little scared for a moment. Thinking about it now, I guess there was no reason to be afraid, but yeah, I was a bit worried there for a second. Thankfully, you gave me some time to think. Now I am fine."

Han Li looked into her black eyes. "What were you so afraid of?"

Yue Li's face grew redder. "I...I was afraid you might leave me after...you know... doing that."

"Huh? I might leave you?"

Yue Li looked at his confused face and her face heart sweetened.

If leaving her was a thought that didn't even cross him and he was so confused, it was much better. She knew she was being too paranoid because of the sudden situation.

Worrying that he might view her solely as a source of secual relief and physical satisfaction, rather than recognizing her as his caring mother was really a stupid thought on her part. There was no way her son would ever abandon her.

She could see in the suddenly worried and confused gaze of her son that he cared for her. As deeply as she did him.

"Xiao Li." she called out, her voice filled with longing.

"What now?" Han Li looked at her and swallowed down his violent urges, he was on the cusp of figuring out what she was thinking.

"Be gentle, your mom doesn't have any idea what she is doing," she said with a loving smile, caressing her son's cheeks as he looked down at her pinned below him.

Han Li's eyes widened and he looked at her as his urges rose to the peak with no chance of control.

But he still took control of himself and asked gently, "Say again."

Yue Li's face flushed and she looked away, but still muttered, "Be gentle, my baby."

He didn't need more consent, he gently bent down and caught her lips in his, and feeling the softness of those cherry-like lips, his tongue gently traveled into her mouth, and she let it in without any hint of resistance.

'Make me yours, Xiao Li...' she murmured in her mind as his tongue assaulted hers, she could feel her being dominated by him, she could feel how much pent up longing she had of him.

She wanted to be dominated by him. She wanted to be pinned down and be her son's everything.

She breathed heavily and Han Li could feel the inviting call. He gently broke the kiss and looked at her face. She looked back at him, both of their eyes filled with longing that they had kept sealed for years.

He once again leaned down and began kissing her neck. She gently pushed his chest away as his dominating kisses moved to her chin, gently he nibbled on the edges of her jaw and then moved up.

She was powerless to resist such love anymore. She moved her hands and let herself free.

Han Li's hands moved quickly, loosening her clothes. By the time he was kissing her for the third time, her clothes were off.

His gentle touches moved through her bare skin and her breathing got even heavier, hotter.

They were both now naked, with him on top of her.

"Do I still taste like berries Mom?" he asked into her ears.

"Yes, somehow you still do..." Yue Li said, savoring the scent of her son slowly dominating her.

Han Li chuckled and caressed her beautiful face. His eyes shining with blind adoration. Thoughtless and pure love.

'So... Adorable...' they both thought at the same time.

Her black hair spread around on the white bedsheets, her dark eyebrows. Her white and healthy skin that was so very red at the moment.

Her cherry lips. Supple and inviting him to kiss, again, and again, till she says no out of cute frustration.

Her milky breasts, plump, with erect, pink and inviting nipples waiting for him to suck at it till she tells him to go to sleep already.

Finally, her clear black pupils that were looking at him in longing and expectation. Her body, positioned in a way where she accepted all his advances.

"I almost feel as if I am making you filthy by touching you now," Han Li muttered in awe.

Yue Li smiled at him and wrapped her hands around his head, then brought it down to her breasts, Han Li naturally opened his mouth to suck on her pink and erect nipples.

Yue Li caressed the back of his head gently, pushing him further towards her, and whispered into his ears, "Now don't hesitate or I might run away. It's the best chance you will get."

Han Li gently licked her erect nipples and areola and then started sucking. Unluckily, Milk didn't come off of her. But instead, an aroused and gentle moan was released.

Han Li's dick stood up straight and poked her against her crotch.

At the same time, his knees naturally spread her legs. Showing a path to her wet pussy. One of his hands caressed her belly as it moved down, then gently reached the wet, and gently throbbing pussy of his mother.

She had small amounts of hair there, and as his finger drew a line down through her vaginal slit, the wetness became even more evident.

It was hot and slightly thumping. Even his hand felt hot and secure.

He looked at it, a pink slit surrounded by some bit of uncut wet hair. Beautiful beyond anything he knew – the most perfect thing in the universe.

His Mother's pussy.

"Mom, I don't think there is any need for foreplay with you now," he said with an amused tone.

She was already wet!

Yue Li nodded even though she didn't have any idea what a foreplay was. She only wanted one thing now: for him to just do what he was doing, for him to continue.

At the moment, she was extremely sensitive, each touch of her son on her sensitive zones made her almost zone out.

She just wanted him to continue. To let his finger move up and down through her forbidden area. She wanted him to do it.

Whatever it was, she wanted to feel him do that more!

Han Li didn't wait further and gently spread her Vagina open using two fingers.

"Mom, I am going in."

She clenched her hands and closed her eyes. Filled with anticipation and a bit of fear, her son's dick was big. She didn't know if her small body could accept all of him in.

His dick slowly entered through her opening. It was tight, she could feel it getting stuck even though her pussy was dripping.

Her legs tightened.

It was too tight. He could barely move in.

It was so hard to enter her, he felt as if his dick was being squeezed by her soft insides.

He took a deep breath and with a gentlie push, slowly entered his mother's vagina, no matter what, she was a virgin even though she lacked an unbroken hymen.

"Annnn~" she moaned and clenched her jaws. Feeling her insides expand to accomadate her son's dick.

She could feel it fill her insides and throb inside her. She felt her body growing weak, but it was also an extremely fulfilling sensation.

She moaned as it finally moved as deep as it could and Xiao Li stopped thrusting in.

Han Li waited for her to calm down and didn't move.

Since her hymen was already broken, it wouldn't be that painful. But firsts always were special.

His mom's sweaty face told him how drained she was.

"Can I move Mom, did that rough move cause any pain?"

Yue Li didn't respond and weakly breathed in and out, in anticipation for him to continue on his own.

So, seeing her expression, without waiting, he started moving his hips gently.

It felt as if her insides were made especially for his dick to enter, it matched his perfect shape.

Entering her felt as if he was putting his dick in its rightful home.

She was his mother, someone made for him.

His dick went deep into her for a second and then moved back out a bit.

He never came out even halfway though, he wanted to stay completely inside her as much as possible.

Yue Li also gently tried to follow his movements even though her breath was rapid and her heart was thumping with his every move.

It was her son.

Her own flesh.

Her most beloved son and he was showing his deepest love to her in his most intimate manner.

His body was hot and strong, and all of his moves were right on point.

Each time he pushed his whole thing in, it felt as if she was in heaven.

Ah~!

She moaned once more.

Han Li's dick was rock hard and deeply stirring inside her.

"I am going to go a bit harder Mom."

Her insides were too tight till now but it had finally loosened, so he started to move in rougher.

The sound of flesh slapping into flesh and Yue Li's cute moans kept resounding and his cock kept kissing her womb.

Before they knew it, they were lost in the sense of each other.

A son and mother deep in love.

When he felt his mother reaching a limit, he smiled and gently pushed his hard dick deep into where he came from.

Both of them shivered a bit and at the same time, both of them came.

His white jizz filled her insides!

Her colorless liquid silently oozed out the sides of his dick.

"I love you, Mom..." he couldn't help but mutter.

"Ah..Ha...I love you too...Xiao Li.." Yue Li muttered while breathing heavily.

At the same time, the Lust Spark inside his Empty Space burned brighter and brighter.

And before he knew it, he was growing sleepy.

"It absorbed too much of our lust, I ended up Awakening without thinking... I might fall asleep soon."

"Fall asleep, I am beside you Xiao Li," Yue Li said the same thing he did even though it was hard to breathe.

"I see... I will be... quick to...wake..." Han Li's eyelids grew heavier and filled with tiredness, he fell asleep on top of her.

It was a shame he couldn't do it for long with her on their first time. But with the characteristics of his Lust Spark, it was impossible to last long with her when he was a weak cultivator.

He fell into the lands of dreams with his mother's breasts as the most blissful pillows.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27 - 27: Dream
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On top of a long pagoda's ceiling, two people were seated calmly.

"So, do you think people stop loving someone after they lose the kick? That feeling of specialness. Do you think love will always be mortal, that it will surely die one day?" A young woman asked while looking intently at Han Li with a curious voice.

Han Li was staring off into the distance with a blank gaze, he had just had another Breakthrough dream, so he was quite absentminded.

Like almost all the nights these past few days.

It was hard to focus on anything meaningless.

As for the beautiful young woman with a flowing blonde hair and chestnut eyes. Such beauties and fairies didn't mean much to him anymore.

He had grown quite weary of it all.

They were now merely his cultivation resource. His place to absorb energy.

"Love...huh?" Han Li couldn't help but shake his head.

That is something he had glossed over multiple times. Every time he bedded a woman, he had thought about it.

Every time a woman looked at him with starry and hopeful eyes, he had thought about it.

"The 'Love' that you speak about would indeed come to an end at some point. No matter how beautiful a woman is or how fairy-like her attitude is, it will happen. One day or the other, that love will fade away."

Fairy Feng Yu frowned. She hadn't expected the continent-renowned man to be such a disappointment.

Even though she knew his backstory. She thought he would be quite an intriguing man to talk with.

But Han Li wasn't over. "True Love though, is different. None of you people truly know what it is, and honestly... I don't think you can truly understand it with all of your expectations for love."

Curious, Feng Yu raised an eyebrow, "Do tell, let me see if this young one has a chance at understanding it."

Han Li smiled, remembering that cute face that gradually grew old and vanished from his grasp.

"True Love is..." Han Li paused, but then said: "It is when you wake up and find someone sleeping beside you. You might not be very attracted to them. You may know all their bad qualities, negatives, and everything undesirable about them. But still, you would and could only think, I would rather have her on my side than anyone else in the whole universe, I want her to be there. That... is love.

It is not a sudden emotion that comes and goes, if it is there, oftentimes... You won't even realize it was there till you lose it."

With that, Han Li stopped speaking and once again, looked blankly up into the night sky.

It was in such days that he wished she had at least become one of these bright stars, but her cultivation was too weak for her to have ever had that chance.

On that fated night, she had died and she would never return. His mother was just a distant memory now.

But no matter, he will fight for a day to come where he will have her by his side again.

That was the reason he had become a so-called demon after all.

To kill, plunder, steal, stand up on bones, uncaring of morals or virtue with one goal in mind. Forever focused and constantly moving towards it.

Fairy Yu pondered on his words and after a long while, nodded. "It was indeed the best choice to speak about love with someone who had lost all of his loved ones. Thank you for the time, I appreciate it."

Han Li smiled wryly. "You're quite cruel for a gentle beauty."

"Not as cruel as you, am I?" Fairy Yu looked up at the sky and spread her hands widely: "But I actually admire you though. To walk on a path that seems so unattainable, you must have a mind like that of iron. That must be quite the free sensation."

Han Li was silent.

He was not so strong, in fact, he was quite weak at times. Whining over every breakthrough dream with that blank gaze.

'Ah...Mom, I wish to see you...' How many times had he thought that exact same thought?

***

With a tired mind, Han Li's eyes fluttered open and he instinctively scanned his surroundings.

He was back in his room and sleeping under an old woolen blanket, and sleeping beside him with a silly look was a woman. His woman. His Mother.

He couldn't help but smile.

"What a good breakthrough dream..."

He had expected the dream to be his Death day or Yue Li's Death day. But it was something entirely different; that was one of the lowest points of his life.

Not clearly accepting that he was a demon, yet having to do ruthless deeds for power.

That was a point of misery for him.

Of having constant self-acceptance conversations with himself over and over again and then whining again after every Breakthrough Dream.

'But this dream was certainly short... guess my soul isn't that shaken by the Lust Spark's appearance.'

'Ah, I forgot, I am not yet as talented as my Mom and my spark should be much weaker than hers even though we are both at third Awakening.'

He could feel his surroundings much better now at least.

He calmly moved out of the bed and stretched. He also had to go meet Pang Li today, then there was Pang Li's daughter whom he had yet to acquire.

That should be quite the easy work.

But he still glanced sideways at Yue Li; she was still deep asleep with a silly grin on her face and hugging a pillow instead of him.

But both he and her were clean and well-dressed, so she had worked to clean them before hitting the bed.

Well, a nice start to another day. At least, this silly woman who had no care for the world was sleeping soundly.

He gently caressed her hair and placed a kiss on her forehead.

'I will not lose you again...'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28 - 28: Meeting the fatty.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back in the merchant's trade area of Starlight Zone.

Han Li looked at Uncle Li — the fat uncle whose daughter was about to have a marriage tomorrow — and smiled.

Pang Li cleared the sweat from his forehead and said in a relieved voice, "Luckily you came at this time, an hour or so later and I would have looked for someone else to cook."

Han Li just looked at him and kept a smile.

Slightly weirded out, Pang Li looked around and then looked back at Han Li. "Hey, what the hell kid, why are you smiling like a weirdo?"

Han Li didn't elaborate on how the guy was the reason he could get a small fortune already.

5000 coins were this fatty's contribution.

"Fatty, today, I am here to propose you a great deal."

Pang Li was startled and looked at him with wide eyes.

Han Li had called him fat before, but it was always in a respectful manner. Why was this kid so rude suddenly?

Not only had his eyes become red for some reason, but his attitude had even changed?

It was not a very rare thing to see, but to see a fundamental change like eye color on a person was quite strange.

Not to mention someone who wasn't even a cultivator.

He was such a good kid too. If his attitude changed, it would have been such a big waste.

Nevertheless, Pang Li's hidden passion for business was scratching at his heart, so he asked, "What deal?"

"You called me here to cook for your daughter's marriage, right?" Han Li asked with a smile that was not a smile.

"Ah! Yes, we are well-planned this time and you won't be treated badly. Believe me, your food is growing popular these days and you might even have a chance to please those people who don't like you just because you don't have a spark, think of all the money that will roll in!"

Han Li raised an eyebrow, that would indeed have been a good thing for him if he did not have future memories.

"Fatty, listen here, I want you to follow me, okay? Just leave your stall open and come."

Pang Li was slightly weirded out at this point but moved his fat body out of the stall anyway and followed Han Li.

Someone else would care for his stall in his absence since everyone around was familiar with each other.

Han Li didn't care about the vendors and passersby and just moved past them without a word.

Before long, they were out of the Merchant area and near the housing areas, and Han Li moved to the shade of a long tree and waited for the fat man to reach him.

He was too slow.

Heaving slightly, Pang Li reached near him and asked, "What did you bring me here for?"

Han Li looked at him and pondered for a second before saying his piece, "I want you to call off Liyue's wedding."

Pang Li was stunned at the words and then frowned as he looked at him.

Was this brat up to some kind of trouble?

"Uncle Pang, Liyue is a kind girl and someone I have known from young. It hurts me to know that she would be married off to someone we don't even really know."

Pang Li's voice was dull as he said, "I have done enough background checks, he is a good man who even has a chance at Evolution. What are you trying to pull here?"

Han Li smiled. "If there was another person whom you already know who has a similar level of talent who came here and asked for her hand, would you leave her for him?"

"What do you mean?" Pang Li asked, feeling a vague sense of premonition.

Han Li opened his palms and a red fire the size of a baby's fist started to burn atop it.

"Third Awakening..." Pang Li muttered in disbelief, and then exclaimed: "Brat... you always had a Spark?!"

"I always did," Han Li smirked, "But I was tempering myself through the constant hardships that get thrown at a person who had no spark, I know it is a fictional situation and there exists no one without a spark, but acting like such a person was quite fun."

Pang Li's heart was beating heavily as he looked at the spark.

"Don't think too much, it is a Spark inherited from my father's side of the bloodline. My mother had Starlight Spark, but father didn't."

Pang Li immediately believed it, since it was a known detail that nobody knew who Han Li's father was.

Of course, he was just a bastard, he didn't have any so-called father.

"You see, my father had many enemies, so I kept the Spark hidden, but now that someone whom I like is being married to another man, I finally decided to come out strong. Even though I believe you will keep this a secret."

Pang Li's head was spinning all around and he was feeling all sorts of overwhelmed.

But he then asked, "But Liyue and you didn't even have much contact as far as I know."

"It was love at first sight," Han Li's eyes grew dreamy, "Yesterday, I saw her, and I could no longer get her out of my head."

Pang Li was dubious.

"My father's clan had invited me to go back soon, so I don't have much time before I leave, so I wanted to bring a wife with me, Liyue seemed like a very good candidate too."

Han Li sighed. "It is too hard to live as an only heir, the clan wants me back as soon as possible, so anyway, it is okay if you don't want to cancel the marriage, I just have to find someone else to marry..."

Pang Li's mind rang with questions, but at the same time, he had a feeling that he was seeing a big piece of meat now.

The marriage was set up on the go anyway!

The man Liyue was about to marry was quite rich, but money was nothing much, he had even stumbled across many bags of it around when he was just walking by.

'Pang Li, your lucky star is shining again! Maybe this is your chance to raise!'

"Oh, brat... actually, Liyue is also not very interested in marriage, we old people had an old agreement, but if we find better candidates... There is no problem in calling it off."

Even if he was just talking air and he didn't have any sort of background, Han Li was a much better husband since he was someone Pang Li was very familiar with for years now.

He was out of the list because he believed Han Li didn't have a Spark, now that he had, everything was different.

Han Li was the main choice from all angles! Not to mention he liked the kid!

Han Li smiled widely and patted the fatty on the back. "Uncle Li only wants the best for his daughter, you know what to do! Anyway, my mom asked me for some help, and I am late. When you talk this out with her and everything is settled, I will come again, but it will be with dowry this time."

Pang Li pondered heavily and nodded.

Han Li smiled and headed back to his home with calm strides.

That was a fruitful discussion, now his cultivation would be a little faster and his mother would have much less work at home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29 - 29: Cute!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Having reached back his home, Han Li looked at Yue Li who was obediently seated infront of him.

During the time that he was out, she had already woken up and was nervously waiting for him. But now that he was back home... Her eyes were everywhere but not on him.

She couldn't look straight at him.

Han Li gave a smack on her head and said calmly: "Look at me."

Yue Li looked sideways at him. "What?"

Han Li gave another smack. "I wanted to give you some time to rest and play around but it seems unnecessary."

"What do you mean, Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked while taking hold of his smacking hand. No more smacking!

"You see, Mom," Han Li got himself seated on the bed and brought Yue Li to his lap: "The day after tomorrow is the Awakening ceremony and do you know why that is conducted on that specific day?"

Yue Li didn't think much and asked, "Why?"

"It is because it is a day of Energy Abundance, we cultivators are nothing without energy... we need it to cultivate from the Evolution Stage. You know... Even in the current stage we are in, Awakening, we do use energy."

Yue Li had heard of something like that before, but she didn't understand why he was saying this, so she asked, "So, why are you telling me this?"

Han Li had the urge to smack her head again, but he didn't, and said instead with a stern voice, "Mom, now that you are in the Awakening Stage, all of our focus should be on making you reach the Evolution Stage without any hiccups. Some people would also go through their Evolution on the Awakening Ceremony, so we have to go and see them."

Even though someone succeeding among the ones who try could only be considered a long shot.

"But before going to see them, I want you to know yourself well. Your spark, your senses, everything of such needs to be well familiarized with."

Yue Li comfortably snuggled in his embrace and just nodded without a thought. Her earlier embarrassment to look at his face had already vanished and now she just wanted to stay like this for a while.

Han Li gently caressed her head. He had to take note of some things, "Mom, bring out your Spark."

Yue Li moved one hand to the side and brought her blue Spark out.

Immediately, her senses widened and the surroundings started to appear in her head like she was looking all around and from every angle.

"That sensation is called Soul Sense, some call it Spark Sense too, The stronger your Spark, the further you can see like that. How long can you see now?"

Yue Li thought about it and said, "From here to just outside our home, but I can hear sounds from a bit further too."

"So about 4 to 5 meters...?" Han Li pondered. His Spark now could barely see a 1-meter distance for now, For an Awakening Stage, her senses were truly impressive.

"Mom, the next thing you will have to do is to get comfortable with those senses, only when you feel like it is just the same as your vision and hearing will we proceed to go higher in your cultivation."

Normal people of low talent could do that more easily but with her Sacred talents, her Spark was a very monstrous advantage while also a shackle.

She would have to work a bit to familiarize herself with those senses.

Yue Li nodded and comfortably lied in his embrace. He was quite warm.

Han Li just caressed her head. He had the urge to teach her about cultivation and everything already and make her a total beast of a cultivator.

But slow steps and steady growth were better.

"Mom, I also have some news for you."

"What?" she was feeling quite lethargic and lazy.

"You will soon have a servant plus daughter-in-law here. What do you think about it?" He asked.

Yue Li abruptly lost her lethargy and looked at him with wide eyes and asked, "Wh...What are you talking about Xiao Li?"

Han Li spoke, "The Fatty Pang Li's daughter, I decided to bring her home."

"Yo..You just decided?!" Yue Li clenched his robes.

He wrapped his hands around her waist and said seriously. "Mom, it is not what you think."

"I want an explanation now or don't even think about hugging me!" Yue Li immediately pushed his hands away.

Han Li didn't force it and spoke instead with a calm tone, "My Spark has a weird attribute."

Yue Li calmed down and listened. But her hand was still clenching his clothes.

"My Spark can absorb Lust and grow stronger, even now, if I have sex with you again, I should be able to absorb that energy and transform my Spark's talent slowly. Even though Sacred Talent would take some bit of time."

He didn't have dormant energy inside him to absorb and transform his Spark. Only Yue Li had it. But that was okay since that was just one way of making talent better.

Talent was a foundation that you laid in the Awakening Stage. He had all the time while he was in this Stage to make his talent reach Sacred.

Yue Li still looked at him with that wronged and sad expression and just weakly unclenched his clothes.

So he wanted to have a harem.

Han Li knew her so he wrapped his hands around her again. "Mom, actually, don't worry about these other women so much. I chose this girl because she is someone you know and I would need some girls to cultivate my technique."

"You could have at least told me so..." Yue Li muttered. She was feeling extremely uncomfortable with what he suddenly said.

Why? Why would he suddenly do this without even speaking?

The Han Li she knew would at least speak to her.

She was okay with him having a Harem, that was the hallmark of a successful man in this world.

Sometimes, women are even treated as victory treasures after a fight to the death. The winner often also gets the women.

Not that there didn't exist strong women.

But why didn't her Han Li even ask her earlier?

"Mom, I am asking you now, right? If you are really against it, we can do something about it."

Yue Li was silent for a while before she suddenly called, "Xiao Li."

"Hmm...?"

"Let's make love."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30 - 30: Making Love
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Xiao Li...Let's make love," Yue Li said while looking at him.

Han Li was slightly startled but looked back at her and smiled.

To think she would be the one to be proactive this time around.

He gently caressed her head and asked, "Mom, are you feeling insecure?"

Yue Li squirmed in his embrace and brought her face infront of him and said, "Yes, I am feeling a bit insecure... No...I am feeling quite scared. I almost feel as if I am slowly losing you and I don't like it one bit."

Han Li pecked her nose gently and didn't speak for a second. He could feel her plentiful boobs pushing against his chest and her hands on his collar.

He could feel her scent. He could feel her heartbeats echo against his own and he could feel the genuine worry that was written all over her face.

For her, he was all that she had. If she lost him, it was all over. There was no more meaning to her life.

But other women were really insignificant for him too and she really didn't have to mind them in his opinion.

Why would she even bother to compare herself with someone else?

If other women could make her image fade from his mind... 500 years was a good number of years for that to have already happened.

He planted a strong kiss on her forehead.

"Mom," he muttered. No matter what, she was above his chest and his penis was just below her vagina, and it was rising.

On the other hand, Yue Li was enjoying all of his touches, hugs, and kisses.

Even though she was scared, she could still feel how gently his hands were wrapped around her waist and how caring his kisses were. That was what she wanted at the moment.

"Mom," he called out again.

She broke out of her thoughts and looked at him.

"Mom, even I am ashamed to say this to you... but do you know something?"

"...What?"

"I am a hopeless Mothercon, I love you too much. In fact, even at this moment, I have an intense urge to pin you down and have sex. Not only that, but every second, you are mostly what I think about. Your smell, your weight, your wishes... Mom, all of them, ALL of them. I adore it.

I..." He hugged her tightly and took her in a forceful kiss.

Then, he gently broke it and looked at the most beautiful thing he knew. Her face.

Her red face.

His old and calloused heart was beating like a teenager in love too.

He said with a tight hug. "Mom, do you know? Nothing can replace you in my life. Nothing! You are the most perfect thing I know. I want to love you!

I want to hug you! I want to be with you my whole life. Everything! I want to do so much with you... Even now, I am restraining myself."

Yue Li's heart kept beating wildly and her face turned as red as a ripe tomato. She couldn't look at his face at all and just looked to the side.

Had it been a possibility to steam from the face, she would have.

Han Li smiled like an idiot and hugged her tightly. It was not solely sex that he expected from her. She was a part of his own soul.

Five hundred years of obsession was not there for nothing. It had built up in him.

For each second that passed with her cuteness and for every second that he held her. He wanted more.

He knew this was a dangerous level of emotional attachment. He knew he was falling deeper. But for him, she was what made living worthwhile.

For her, there was almost nothing that he wouldn't do.

For her. He was a hopeless Mothercon as she used to call him on her deathbed.

Yue Li was basically steaming at this point and couldn't even form a coherent thought in her head. Of course, she knew her son loved her, and he was quite blatant in his actions at times too.

Especially the last few days.

But who knew...

Her heart was fluttering and her whole body was having goosebumps out of happiness.

It was an extremely euphoric sensation. Something even more special than their first sex.

She asked with a mosquito-like voice, "Xiao Li, you really, really love Mom that much?"

Han Li planted a loving kiss on her cheek. "Do you not love me that much too?"

Yue Li's face reddened and she hid it by looking to the side. 'Why am I so nervous...'

And why was her face so hot?!

She had the urge to give him a beating for some reason. At the same time, she also had an urge to bite him hard to overcome the nervousness.

She had never felt so... Fulfilled. To her, nothing else mattered anymore.

Han Li smiled and caressed her back to make her calm down. He had no reason to see how much she loved him. He knew it.

She loved him just as much as he did her. Even though her love was slightly different.

For him, she was precious, holy, sacred, and something that should never be tainted. His precious treasure to protect with his soul on the line.

For her, he was her Star. She wanted him to shine as brightly as he could but at the same time, not be distant like one of the true stars. It was a special kind of love.

Nevertheless, both of them were people who would gladly lose their heads to save the other.

Yue Li calmed down after a while and mumbled under her breath, "Xiao Li, I..." She closed her eyes and said the rest in one go: "I actually loved it when you came and licked me down there when you were younger, even though you were afraid and only licked it through the clothes, I wasn't actually asleep, I knew that you were doing it and deliberately spread my legs."

Han Li was surprised and looked at her in amusement.

His Mother calmed down and looked at his face with determination. "I had a wish from that day that I wanted to fulfill someday... Can I ask you for it now, Xiao Li?"

Han Li squinted at her cute face filled with determination. "What is the wish?"

"It is a very inappropriate wish..." She cowered slightly.

"Tell me," he said with a smile.

"Can...Can you lick me there without the clothes? I...I know it's dirty but I just..."

Han Li brought his hands infront, cupped her cheeks, and looked into her eyes. "It just happened that I love you too much and want to pamper you. Young Miss, don't worry, I wanted to do it too."

Yue Li's face started to redden again. "Kiss...Kiss me first."

"Why should I do that?" Han Li asked with a chuckle: "Am I going to be the only one who will pamper my little Mom, She won't pamper me too? Kiss me instead."

Today was an unexpected day for him. He hadn't really expected himself to speak about his deepest desires with her today. He had just started to speak and it naturally came out.

But he was quite sure nothing would change after he revealed his extreme love for her. They both knew each other well enough to always know the degree of affection they held for each other. But it was just that Han Li was someone who could understand it rather than feel it.

So he could put it into words and cement his feelings for her.

He closed his eyes and waited.

Gently, his mother's smell inundated his senses and Yue Li's lips met his. Then her cute and inexperienced tongue slithered into his mouth and played with it how she remembered he did last time.

Han Li's mouth was immediately filled with her taste and he started to move his tongue in sync.

At the same time, he moved his hands beside her and gently squeezed his mother's buttocks. She kissed him a bit more fiercely.

They went at it for a minute and Han Li looked at the cheekily smiling Yue Li.

"Why are you smiling like that, Mom?"

"I suddenly thought of something."

"You can think?"

She harrumphed and then said, "Hear me out, it's funny."

Han Li cupped her boobs and groped as he asked, "What?"

"Even if you get a lot of Women, I will still be the most important right?"

"Maybe? I don't know for sure... What if some woman more beautiful than you come? I might fall for her."

Yue Li smiled cheekily again. "I know that isn't true. You are a Mothercon right?"

Han Li smiled and asked with a serious tone, "What if I was lying to just make you feel happy?"

Yue Li squinted at him and smiled. "You are too good of a son to do something that mean."

"So you really loved what I said..."

"So I was saying," Yue Li disregarded his attempts at a tease, he was joyfully cupping her breast like a treasure, if he wasn't a mother con, no one was.

That made her quite relieved.

"So I was saying if you have a Harem and I am the most important woman to you. Isn't your mother also your wife now?"

Han Li's Lust Spark started to blaze inside him. "Maybe?"

Yue Li smiled and left the subject, then joyfully slipped to his side. Now he should do what he said he would.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31 - 31: Mom's little needs.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking down at Yue Li who was now pinned under him and looking at him with an innocent expression, Han Li gently squeezed her boobs and undid her clothes.

Before long, she was naked on top and he kissed the middle of her chest, his cheeks being squeezed by the heavenly softness of his mother's breasts.

Then once again, he looked at her face.

It was red and she was looking around like a weak animal about to be pounced on.

Yet this shy little mom of his had asked for him to lick her vagina. She was quite something at times.

He moved back a bit and soon, he was looking at his mother's pussy. It was a bit hairy but her cute and pink slit still stood out clearly. Inviting her son to just see, adore, enjoy.

She trembled in anticipation.

He caressed her thighs and moved his face close to her slit. Then took a deep whiff.

It smelled like his mother. And his arousal started to peak—there was nothing more sexy than the thing infront of him.

Yue Li flinched and tightly held the bedsheets. She could feel it, her son's breath gently brush by her vagina. She could feel her heart thumping like crazy.

He gave a small peck.

"It looks ugly Mom, but I won't mind," he said and traced the slit with the ends of his tongue. Yue Li felt her son's hot tongue there and held back a moan, it was so slick, so erotic and he was really, really enjoying it. She could tell with a single lick he was craving more.

At the same time, Han Li spread her thighs wider to get a better look. She herself helped him spread it further.

'Xiao Li, lick more!' she moaned inside with her red face.

"I could never taste it the previous time..." he muttered and stroked the line with his tongue again. And she could feel once more how much he had wanted to do exactly this.

Now that he thought of it, he had never in his whole life tried to please a woman. It had always been cultivation and at most some release.

I want to please mom, I want to make her moan!

'Let's try something else!' Han Li took her legs and moved them above his shoulders and looked at Yue Li's vagina again.

She looked up at him lovingly but her face now looked red like a peach, aroused and horny.

He winked at her, making her heart thump again.

His tongue slithered in once more into the slit and then went beyond, as much as he could into his mother.

She tightened her hold over the bedsheets as much as she could and just endured the tremendous bolts of pleasure her son's simple licks brought her.

Her hands were now clawing at the bed, digging into the bedsheets as she arched her hips up to meet his tongue, trying to get his tongue deeper inside her.

Han Li obliged and tried to give his cute mom as much pleasure as he could. Sucking, licking on the sacred place like a filial son should.

And just like that, they went at it for a long while and Han Li learned today how good his mother's pussy tasted.

Yue Li breathed heavily and suddenly flinched and pushed her hips into her son's mouth fully and he pushed too. Without any of her control, her cum splashed out of her pussy.

"Xiao Li!!!"

Han Li immediately opened his mouth wide and drank it with vigor.

His mother's sacred liquid wasn't wasted one drop, and he completely swallowed it.

It tasted like nectar to him.

He breathed out.

Amazing!

He kept licking her slit and looked at her red face, asking teasingly, "What happened, Mom... You came so easily. Don't tell me you can't handle your son's tongue."

Yue Li couldn't answer properly and breathed heavily for a second before weakly making her legs fall to the side.

"You mom is not as young as you..." she breathed heavily, her face marred with sweat. "And that was so good Xiao Li, never knew my baby could do such things... But..."

Han Li climbed on top of her and looked at her face. "It looks ugly but it tastes good, I won't mind doing it more. Want it?"

Yue Li said in a whisper, feeling extremely embarrassed once she thought of it.

"It felt so good I couldn't even move... Before I knew it, I...splashed such things into your mouth too... Sorry! Come, I will help you wash. I will brush you too like I used to."

Han Li looked straight at her and pinned her hands to the side. "Now, it is my turn to enjoy. Just shut up and let me do it."

Yue Li looked at him while blinking.

Both her hands were pinned on the bed by his strong hands and his legs spread her thighs. Revealing her soaked pussy.

"...Xiao Li...What is this position?" she asked while blushing more.

Han Li didn't answer and kissed her. While at the same time, he slowly pushed his dick's tip into her vagina.

He broke the kiss and she closed her eyes in anticipation.

It slowly slid into her.

Mfff! She moaned.

Han Li fondled one of her boobs, gently twisting her nipples and then moved his face closer to peck at or chew on her lips gently.

She moaned erotically but it was stifled with his kiss and she trembled.

Both her hands were now free and she put them on her son's chest. Pushing it away slightly without any strength while breathing heavily.

Her eyes were squinted in pleasure.

Han Li gently moved his waist and he could feel the vagina tightly embracing his dick. It was warm inside her but similarly tight.

It was too tight.

He stood on his knees and took her buttocks in his hands to help push in. His dick entered in and soon, it was balls deep in his mother's pussy.

Both of them briefly stopped and seansually experienced the pleasure before Han Li started to move his hips. Taking a hold of her waist and then pushing deep into her.

The sensation of her insides wrapping around his dick and pulling him back inside was heavenly. And his dick was rock hard inside her.

Yue Li moaned every time her son pushed in. Sometimes weakly, sometimes enchantingly cutely. Making her son even harder.

But Han Li didn't forget her boobs or lips. He kissed them and fondled them while his dick focused on fucking her mad.

The raw feeling made his heart itch and her cute expressions pushed him further.

They just continued like that rawly for about fifteen minutes before Yue Li reached her limits and came once more, wetting the bed.

Han Li was also near his limits and seeing that his mother's beautiful vagina was dripping nectar. He let loose the control and his own jizz splashed into his mother's insides.

Yue Li moaned one last time and relaxedly lied on the bed while looking at him with a still excited expression.

Han Li looked at her too-beautiful of a face and felt it was enough for now.

"Mom, did you like it?" he asked with a bit of hesitation.

He was unsure of his ability to please women for now since he hadn't taken his time to ever care about that part of the Lust Sutra since, to him, pleasuring other women was meaningless till now.

'I have to put some time into learning to pleasure Mom. I bet she would look cute when she is more aroused.'

Yue Li cupped his face with her hands and said. "From now on, I am sort of your wife too. Always remember that I come first."

"No, you are not my wife and just my mother. That position is enough for you to be loved much more than any other woman."

Yue Li thought of it and nodded; feeling proud and amazing of herself. Is this how wonderful it will be from now on every time he finishes?

I've been missing out.

"But Mom, now there are no more boundaries between us, right? I can touch you anywhere, you can touch me anywhere. Right?"

Yue Li's face reddened and she looked away. "Maybe..."

Han Li smiled and kissed her forehead.

"Are you not afraid of becoming pregnant?"

Yue Li blinked. "Ah! I forgot... There was something like that when you have sex."

Han Li chuckled. "That is why they have sex for in the first place, dumb woman."

Yue Li then pinched his cheeks. "You should have warned me, Xiao Li! Now what would we do? You even released everything inside me!"

"What? You don't want my children?" Han Li asked in irritation: "I want to see you pregnant with one... Even though I don't really want children."

"...I do want one with you, but not now; I just want to be alone with you for now." Yue Li muttered shyly and looked to the side again.

He speaks about the most unexpected thing when she least expects it. How rude. No respect for her at all.

"Don't worry, people with Sacred level talents have a really hard time getting pregnant. It would be a miracle if I could make you pregnant that easily."

Yue Li sighed in relief.

"Do you want to do it again?" Han Li asked. He had confidence in doing it one more time.

"I do want to, but my legs hurt slightly..." She was quite afraid of leg pains.

Han Li took his dick out of her, and his semen, mixed with her love juices, slowly gushed out of his mother's insides.

He then moved to the side and brought her petite, naked body into his deep embrace. "Mom, let's just talk about random things for a while then."

"Random things?" Yue Li was enjoying his touches and his hugs, so she would do anything he asked now.

"Like, Mom, tell me about Earth or something."

"Earth?" Yue Li muttered and kissed his chest.

"Earth is nothing special. I wanted to ask something, too," Yue Li hugged him back and asked, "You said you love me; in what way and how much do you love me?"

"You certainly seem to be in the mood to be pampered, huh?"

"Just tell me!"

"Hmm... My love could be considered quite overwhelming. I love your smell, I love your smile, I love your way of saying 'Bam!' Before saying some things, I love how you love me. There are many things I love about you."

"Like?" Yue Li asked with starry eyes while giving many kisses on his cheeks.

"You want to know more?"

"I want to."

"I love the taste of your vagina now, for one thing...hmm...I love how you are acting now, and I love your cooking too... There are many things. The list goes on and on for too long."

Yue Li was smiling widely in her heart and gave him more kisses. But then she thought of something.

"Is there anything you hate about me Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked again. A bit nervous.

"Hate?" Han Li turned silent and grabbed her ass. "I do hate you for one thing."

Yue Li looked at him with a frown. "For what thing?"

"You did something horrible to me once. Something that still haunts me. I would never let you do that again, though."

"What did I do?" Yue Li asked with a slightly appalled face.

Han Li patted her head and hugged her tighter. "Don't worry, I love all the rest of you. I am obsessed with you. And for you now, it only makes me love you more."

Yue Li calmed down and asked with a teary face, "Tell me what I did... I want to know that so badly."

"Okay, if you someday become strong enough to beat me in a fight, I will tell you."

Yue Li glared at him.

"Cute. But do you want to know something else, Mom?" Han Li asked with a chuckle.

"What?"

"I plan to train you extremely hard from tomorrow, so this is the last time you get to rest this casually. I would take this time and enjoy it if I were you."

"Then take your hands off of my butt and let me rest."

"That's out of the question."

The mother and son pair just kept exchanging meaningless conversations while Han Li lovingly touched her backside. And before he knew it, his mother was dozing off in his embrace, her fairy-like face filled with innocent expectations of the future.

'What a beautiful wonder of creation...' Even his demonic heart couldn't help but pound for her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32 - 32: Training Yue Li
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Waking up with a relaxed flutter of her eyelashes, Yue Li kept comfortably lying on top of her son and in his embrace. She could feel that he was awake because of his small actions like caressing her back gently.

She looked up at him and realized he was deep in thought, so she didn't disturb him and just lied there silently.

Han Li took a second more before realizing she was awake and said, "If you are awake... Go make something, I am hungry."

Yue Li stretched slightly in his embrace and stood up. "How long was I asleep for?" she asked while rubbing her eyes, still slightly dousy.

"Just an hour or so," Han Li said, "Go cook now, I have something else to work on."

Yue Li nodded and looked at herself. She was naked and his cum was still there in her insides. 'I have to clean myself up...'

Han Li looked at her with a smile as she stumbled while she walked out of the room to their bathroom, naked.

He could have helped bathe her but he didn't really want to spoil her rotten. That would just turn her into a fodder in the long run.

He wanted her to be tough.

It was not a certainty that he could always stay by her side and protect her, so having her be tough was a must.

And while she was out, he took a towel and removed the stains on him for now.

The rest could be cleaned later.

Then, he took an easy dress and wore it, while taking out a small notebook and ink to write.

...

Having bathed herself clean and now fresh, her hair dripping water, Yue Li set up the pot for the dishes and waited for it to be ready.

She was already dressed in another white clan robes. And she smelled fresh too.

Han Li came and sat on the table with a small book in his hands.

"Come here Mom, I will show you something," he said.

Yue Li curiously went near him and looked at the book's contents. "What is this about?"

"This is your training regimen from now, in your time as an Awakened, I want you to do these three things."

"Oh..." Yue Li looked at the words. 'What a messy handwriting...' even she couldn't read a word.

Han Li noticed it and read it to her, "The first step is to understand your limitations and capabilities. This one is quite easy. We might be able to do it today."

Yue Li nodded. She was in quite a jolly mood today.

"The second step is becoming comfortable with your senses. Having extreme senses and using them well are two different things, so I will be teaching you to get better at it. And I will also choose a weapon for you."

Yue Li's eyes widened in curiosity. She wanted to try using a weapon. That seemed like fun.

Han Li saw the stars in her eyes and shook his head inwardly. Then said the last step, "You will have to train your body, it's too weak. Some muscle training and exercises should be enough. But this will be the most time-consuming part if we don't count resources."

Yue Li hesitated. Body-building was too complex, she didn't want to become a buff and muscle-filled woman accidentally...

Han Li smacked her gently on the head and said, "This is the training I prepared for the Awakening Stage in your long cultivation journey, so, if you had already become lazy... You will be getting quite some smacks from me. And this time, it will hurt."

"Is the cooking ready?" he asked.

"In half an hour more," Yue Li said while looking sideways at the flame.

"Okay, let's try getting you to know about your current limits and powers. I will teach you slowly from the very start."

"Already?"

Han Li didn't bother asking that and said, "Look into your body to sense the current situation of your Rainwater Spark. Don't bring it out, just look into yourself."

Yue Li closed her eyes and did what he asked.

Deep inside herself, she could feel a deep blue fire burning brightly with an expanding darkness surrounding it.

She felt that if she called upon it, it would pierce the darkness and come out. It was her spark.

"You are currently looking into the Empty Space that is inside you." Han Li's voice echoed into her mind.

"The darkness, can you feel it? Try to move your spark around without bringing it out. You should be able to move it about 5 times in a direction."

Yue Li complied and tried to move the spark downwards in the empty 3-dimensional space in her mind.

It went 5 steps down and she immediately knew that if it moved one step again, it would come out.

"Your spark can sense around 5 meters of you," Han Li's voice spoke: "And that is because the 'Empty Space' inside you is also about 5 meters big. The higher the Stages you cultivate to, the bigger the Empty space will become. The distance your senses can cover will always increase alongside your Empty space's distance."

Yue Li could understand that much. "So, should I stop the sensing now?"

"Okay, now bring out your Spark and open your eyes."

Yue Li opened her eyes and brought her Spark out into her hands.

Immediately, her hair transformed into a red color and her senses expanded like she had opened a third eye. She could see everything within a 5-meter circumference of her.

She looked at Han Li. 'What a handsome young man.'

Han Li didn't look like the most handsome man out there, but he was certainly way above the average. But to her, he was the most handsome.

She especially liked his new red eyes. It was a unique type of red that had a depth to it and this weird charm that made people want to look at it more.

"Okay, Mom, next..." Han Li shortly pondered and then said: "Try to stand up and walk to me."

'Ah, I remember the clan used to make us all in the 3rd Stage of Awakening do it.'

She had once completed doing that and still failed her Evolution. 'It should be easy for me!'

She stood up a bit disoriented. Having senses all around was a different experience and that affected her whole center of balance. But she held out like that and waited a bit before trying to walk towards Han Li. Nevertheless, her body couldn't even budge and stayed just where she was.

She couldn't move at all and her senses immediately got mixed and chaotic. Sweating slightly, she deactivated the spark and stumbled towards the side but Han Li caught her.

"Nowhere close, you have to train on your center of gravity and also your control... It's even worse than I expected. You just got stuck..."

Yue Li stabilized herself and said in a bit of irritation, "It's not like you are the best at it... Why are you making fun of me."

"Oh?" Han Li chuckled and brought his Lust Spark out. It was bigger than before just like how his 'Empty Space' had expanded.

He could at the moment see about 1.5 meters around him with the spark out. Whereas, before he could only see 1 meter surrounding him.

His spark had absorbed his and his Mother's emotions of Lust while they were having sex and that amounted to this increase. Even though it would get harder the more he increased his talent.

It would be impossible to have talent beyond Sacred. Sacred was a limit and there was no talent beyond it.

Han Li casually walked and wrapped his hands around Yue Li, then brought his face closer and took her in a deep kiss.

Yue Li complied and kissed him back.

Breaking the kiss, Han Li looked into her eyes and asked, "What do you think now? Am I the best?"

Yue Li shifted her eyes and muttered, "Maybe?"

Han Li patted her head and said, "Go cook now, after that... We should go to the city and check what kind of weapon suits you. I have some ideas but we will see."

"I want a sword!" Yue Li said without a doubt.

"No, that doesn't suit you," Han Li said matter-of-factly.

"Why?" Yue Li replied in dissatisfaction.

"For many reasons."

"...And by the way," Yue Li asked, a tiny bit nervous, "When will that girl come home? Will there be any real Marriage?"

Han Li deactivated the spark. "First, let the girl come and tell us her own opinion. But I still don't think there is a need for any marriage of sorts."

"I see..." Yue Li muttered. After what he said yesterday, she was far less jealous of the girl and even felt a slight sense of superiority.

Her son loved her more than almost anything. Just like how she loved him. So, it was okay for her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33 - 33: Your weapon.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li and Han Li walked hand in hand and passed by the hustle and bustle of the crowd. Soon, they were infront of one of the most famous shops in Southern Lust City.

Yue Li looked at the board and swallowed at the words 'Weapons of Fire'. She asked in a questioning tone, "Xiao Li, aren't the things here really expensive?"

Han Li shook his head uncaringly of that fact and said, "We won't buy your weapon here, we will just check what suits you and leave. A wooden weapon would be best for training and I will make you one. Let's see what suits you best."

Yue Li nodded and both of them went into the store through its expansive entrance. Immediately, a smell of iron, oil, and charcoal came to their sight as they looked around.

It was a big room filled with all sorts of weapons stacked on top of neatly stocked wooden shelves. Swords, Spears, Knife, Machetes, Throwables...and a lot more. And the place also had many people just ogling some weapons like addicts.

Han Li just scanned the weapons briefly and lost interest. Whereas, Yue Li kept looking at them each with different expressions like an excited child.

An elderly male receptionist, dressed in blue attire and wearing a welcoming smile, greeted them. "Hello customers, what might you need? Swords, Clubs, and a stock of any other sharp things you might need. We have it all. Just tell me what you need."

Han Li looked at him and said calmly, "Show me some weapons that suit her size. Start with a spear."

The old merchant cordially smiled and looked at Yue Li who was looking all around and fluttering like a butterfly from one weapon to the other.

'A whale customer looking to please his younger sister. A nice catch!' The old man couldn't help but rub his hands in his mind.

Many people visited the weaponry and there were many receptionists here. But he, Lan Hai believed himself to have an eye for potential whales — People who actually bought stuff from this damn expensive shop.

"All of the weapons on the 3rd racket are a perfect match for the young miss' size," He said as he pointed to the side, "Young sir, please follow me."

Han Li silently took Yue Li's hands and brought her with him to another area of the shop.

"This sword here is made with steel and has an extremely sharp—"

"You may go, I will check them myself." Han Li interrupted and said calmly.

"But young sir, Professional words ar—"

"Get lost or I'll get you kicked off of the job."

Lin Hai gulped and his old face grimaced slightly. 'Youngsters these days are so rude...'

But if this guy was, it was a big if, but if this guy was a person of renown from one of the three big families, it would really be bad for his career.

He bowed dejectedly and went away for the next customer. There was no need to risk his job for nothing.

Yue Li looked at Han Li and found his actions quite extreme, but she knew he was like this sometimes, he had a bad reputation for calling people strange nicknames when he was a child after all.

"...Xiao Li, poor guy...You could've let him stay and tell us about the weapons."

"So that we can ruin his other possible businesses?" He asked, then shook his head.

They had no plan to buy anything anyway and Han Li found such third parties to be quite annoying.

Yue Li palmed her face. That's true, they were not going to buy anything anyway!

"Okay now, try these weapons one by one," Han Li said as he gently caressed the tip of a sword.

Yue Li didn't hesitate and took a beautiful-looking bow on the wall.

"Don't take long-range weapons. You are an Ethereal Type cultivator and will surely have long-range powers, what you need is a weapon that makes you strong in short range."

Yue Li frowned and looked at the next weapon. A sword. Her old chuunibyou instincts were screaming at her to take it.

She looked at Han Li with squinted eyes.

"Swords don't suit you."

"There is nothing in trying...right?" She asked with cute puppy eyes.

Han Li calmly sighed: "Ignorance and foolishness. Try it if you want."

Yue Li smiled and gently took the hilt of a steel sword, then she wielded it with a serious face.

"Immediate No." Han Li shook his head, he wasn't one to joke around in this kind of situation. "Sword is a weapon with two edges, it is a weapon for the determined and headstrong. If an enemy comes at you in offense, you should be able to defend with even better offense. Overall, not something in alignment with your laziness and naivety."

Not that something good out of all that combination was impossible but Swords just weren't meant for Yue Li, there were much better options.

Why be stubborn on something impractical?

Yue Li still waved the Sword around a bit more in fodness and then finally took the next weapon, Spear. 'I am going to pierce the heavens!'

Even she herself almost cracked up as she waved it around.

Han Li looked at her funny antics and shook his head with a smile. "A bit suited for you since it does align with your hope all is good and go ahead attitude. Maybe if you poke enough times it might hit the enemy."

Yue Li was now curious about what he was saying and put the spear down and took a halberd.

"Just no. Why would you even take it?"

She put it away and took the war blade.

"Brutal, domineering, and extreme. That's what a perfect war blade should be used like, not for you."

"A Rapier just looks lame and like a needle, it is a tool of precision. Absolutely not for you."

"A hammer? Too limiting and strength-oriented..."

"Oh? A knife?" Han Li hesitated on this one. This indeed fitted her quite well and it stood well on her hands.

"Try some more first," Han Li said while taking notes in his mind.

Yue Li then tried weapons like a Machete, Stick, and even Clubs. Han Li liked some of them on her like the big stick but then finally came to a conclusion.

There were only two things that actually suited her. A shield or a dagger.

Shield was good since with that and Rainwater spark, she could become a turtle if she tried hard enough. But it lacked any kind of good physical offense.

Daggers and Knives on the other hand lacked a solid defence. "Anyway, let's head back home... Knives and Shields, we now know what you are most suited to. Now it is just a wait to see the results on both to decide on the final one."

Yue Li nodded tiredly. Shields? So dumb!

Knife? She had been using it all the time her life. Why would she need knives? To cut vegetables?

So dull...

Han Li turned around and decided there was no more meaning in spending his precious time here. But abruptly, he froze as he looked at a young woman some distance away who was arguing with a receptionist in a low voice.

He wasn't particularly looking at the woman, but at the small mirror in her hand that she was trying to force into the salesman's hands.

Unknowingly, Han Li walked closer and listened in; his red eyes sparkling.

...

"Please, This mirror really is made of gold and you should be able to buy it for 120 coins, right?"

"Gold or no gold has no value for us. Young Miss," said a young receptionist, a pretty-looking female with rouge all over her face: "The problem is even if we resell it, we would only get 80 coins. If it had a gem or something, sure but with only gold..."

The young woman clenched her hands around the mirror. She had to sell this at that price or it won't be enough for her rent in Southern Lust City.

Suddenly, a hand gently took hold of her hands. "What is a fair lady like you doing here arguing her time away for?" A calm and serene voice asked.

Mei Liang looked to the side in a bit of shock at the sudden holding of her hand and immediately a pair of overbearing red eyes came to her sight.

The pretty female receptionist smiled like a flower but Han Li didn't even glance to her side and looked at Mei Liang with a smile.

"..." She silently looked at her hands and thought for a second, 'Is this some young master who is about to show his face by giving a beauty some money? Wow, guess it's my jackpot day.'

Now she won't have to spend her savings to pay the rent.

She smiled awkwardly and greeted Han Li with an obviously feigned smile. "He..hello..uhm.. young master?"

"You can call me that." Han Li graciously smiled, and asked elegantly, "Is that beautiful mirror by any chance for sale? I would like to buy it."

The receptionist felt she was being ignored too much and pitched in. "Yes, young master, she was about to sell it just now!"

Yue Li looked at Han Li's performance from the side in amazement. Damn good! But what was he trying? To get this girl too?

She was quite confused.

Mei Ling took a deep breath and said, "Yes, it's for sale."

Han Li didn't leave her hands and asked, "May I ask the price?"

"1...150 coins young master." She hoped he didn't hear them earlier.

"Little sister, take the money and give it to her," Han Li took the mirror from the girl without letting her even know it and said to his mother.

Yue Li was confused by the way of address but still took the amount of golden pearls from the side bag and placed it on the table.

Han Li looked into Mei Ling's eyes and cordially nodded before taking Yue Li's hands and walking out of the store.

The people who dealt with him were left with curious questions of who this generous young man was.

As for Han Li, he moved fast while glancing around in expectation of a possible encounter with that Low-level Raven clan cultivator or his lackey. But he didn't end up seeing them and soon, he was back in the Starlight Zone and in his home.

Yue Li curiously asked, "Why did you get that mirror? You like that girl?"

Isn't it too fast even if he wanted a harem? Was he seeing women like Pokemon or something?

Han Li shook his head. "That girl is from the brothels... I don't want to associate with that brothel if it's unnecessary. Their roots are too deep for the current us to be associated with them without any harm."

Yue Li looked at the gold-framed mirror in his hand. "Then is it for the mirror? Even the gold shop won't buy it for more than 80 coins..."

Han Li got seated on his bed and looked into the mirror, at his appearance.

"This is no ordinary mirror. Even though it is quite a surprise it was here... Well, it's not very useful for you at the moment but it might be useful for me."

"Is this some kind of special mirror,?" Yue Li's eyes shined.

"Heart Reflection Mirror, it is a tool that appears in Sacred Lust every century. You would be considered extremely lucky if you could hold it once in your life. It would vanish after one use and then return after a century somehow. It's an intriguing tool. There are only a total of one hundred thousand of these mirrors in the whole continent."

"What does it do?" Yue Li was so excited and eager she didn't even bother questioning his mysterious attitude anymore.

Han Li looked at the mirror calmly. "It does nothing much, it does what it says, it can reflect your heart."

What the hell does that mean? Yue Li pouted.

"Whatever, why did you call me little sister then?" Yue Li asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34 - 34: Mastery!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why did you call me Little Sister?" Yue Li asked with a pout.

"Ah, that." Han Li chuckled and said: "The people there obviously thought you were my little sister instead of my Mother. I just wanted to call you that infront of them."

"Hmm... So I look too young and beautiful." Yue Li couldn't help but smile.

"Anyway," Han Li said, "I don't have any plans to use the mirror yet. Go and bring a knife, let's start your training."

...

The world was starting to darken and the sun was wishing its final goodbyes for the day. People were entering back homes and birds were singing too.

Walking closer to Han Li's home. Liyue's heart was beating heavily. She was feeling all sorts of emotions at the moment; relief, anger, hope, distress, sadness, and even fear.

She was in her home and getting ready for her marriage, just a day away from that momentous occasion. But all of that suddenly changed and her father called her Husband-to-be and canceled the marriage with a hefty price.

The face of joy as the man accepted the money and left without looking back was still etched in her mind.

He could just go and choose another woman for marriage while having gotten his share of good money for just being a part of the process. Even though it might be humiliating, such humiliation could be easily pushed into the bride's head.

'Oh no, the bride was a woman who had illicit relationships but kept it hidden!'

That rumor was enough to tear away any attention the broken marriage might bring him.

That was evident to her and her father but he still cancelled it. 'I guess my name is going to be ruined... And for something I didn't even do. And father didn't even bother asking for my opinion. Again.'

Had she shown great ambition and potential to reach the Evolution Stage, it might have been different. Maybe her father would have cared for her opinions.

'There is no need to bother about anything anymore...It's just a different man. Nothing changed except the face.'

As she was whining to herself and thinking how worthless her own opinions were, she arrived infront of Han Li's home. She took a deep breath.

It was not like she ever dreamt about a Romantic life or a prince charming. Those were not prominent concepts in Sacred Lust. The way it was done was strength ruling and everyone submitting.

Talent, Money, and such capabilities, even straight-up strength were always put infront of some random affection a daughter felt for a random man. Rarely was there ever a successful romance.

Knock* Knock*

Not hesitating anymore, she knocked on the door.

"Come in, the door is not locked." Rang a calm voice from inside.

Liyue swallowed and entered the house. Whatever the case was, she also had expectations of what kind of a man she wanted to call her husband.

The previous person was not someone like that. And since Han Li also never bothered asking her opinion, he wasn't someone she hoped her husband to be either.

She calmly closed the door behind her and walked into the house. The place was dimly lit and shadows were prominent; it was like the gloomy thoughts in her mind resonated with the area.

She sighed and soon reached the place the voice earlier came from. And then looked at the scene infront of her in curiosity.

A Red-haired woman, her face alight in the brightness of multiple candles was walking forward and backward while sweat matted her forehead and a knife glinted in her outstretched hands.

"Sit somewhere and don't disturb us for a while," Han Li said while seated on the bed.

Liyue gulped at the shining red eyes and nodded weakly. She couldn't say no. Her mother hadn't taught her how to say no to her husband.

Neither had her father ever been kind to a non-submissive part of her mother. She didn't see anywhere obvious to sit and just looked at Yue Li's red hair while she stood where she did.

'A mutation?' she wondered: 'Didn't Aunty Yue Li fail her Evolution? Still... Getting a hair color mutation must have been so eye-catching. I wonder when it happened.'

Han Li spoke in a calm voice. "Knife, Sword, Stick or Blade, it doesn't matter. In the hands of a Master, anything would be a deadly tool."

Yue Li nodded while taking another step. She was getting the hang of it but it was still rather hard to move like usual.

"If you can move just as you do without turning on your Spark while playing around with the Knife, that will mean you have reached Average proficiency in your current weapon, Knife."

Yue Li waved the Knife infront of her.

"That is just waving, you should be able to do anything and everything you can do normally to consider your Knife skills average. But it's fine, you are already able to move, slightly as it may be."

That was the general way people in Sacred Lust determined skill level. If an ordinary person — who was a master at Swords — was to be considered, he would be considered as a Mortal Sword Master.

If that person had the senses of an Awakened and used all of that added potential into the Sword moves, he would be an Awakened Sword Master.

Average, High, Mastery.

For each realm of cultivation, someone's mastery over a skill is considered in these three levels.

Liyue couldn't help but think of these things as Han Li kept teaching Yue Li. That was just general knowledge that everyone was acquainted with.

If you were an Evolution Stage cultivator and your sword skills were just average for a person who had an Evolution Stage level of senses and self-control. It would still be much better than Awakened level Mastery.

She still remembered the teachings that Starlight Clan Evolution Stage members had imparted to her.

In every Stage of cultivation, there was an Average, High, and Mastery at a given skill.

Han Li had to teach Yue Li in simpler ways though. So he said, "With more power came more possibility and flexibility. For you to become a Knife Master in the Awakening Stage, you should be able to move your knife like silk even while your senses that you are not yet entirely familiar with interfere. Now, turn off your spark. We have guests."

He would have to go through this subject deeply with her later.

Yue Li blinked and made the Blue Spark in her hands vanish. Liyue looked at the vanishing deep blue light in shock.

She hadn't noticed due to the eye-catching red hair.

But Aunty Yue Li had a Spark?!

And that wasn't even their Starlight Spark!

Her heart beat like drums and she didn't know what to make of it.

Yue Li also looked at her and then looked at Han Li with doubts. He just smiled and said calmly, "My Mother is a bit special, and her story is a big one. Mom, go bring Liyue a seat, it's her first time here after all."

Yue Li nodded as her black hair returned to its original color. She had also noticed earlier the knocking sound, but she had just understood that it was her future Daughter-in-Law, and that made her nervous.

Quickly going to the kitchen, she brought a chair and got herself seated beside Han Li on the bed.

Looking at both of them, Liyue couldn't speak anything and the dimly lit room soon turned silent. Then awkward.

Even Yue Li didn't speak a word. As for Han Li? He was analyzing what kind of person Liyue was from her actions.

Her fingers that were silently clenching and unclenching. The slight sense of natural inferiority she emitted. The sense of submission he felt from her.

"Did your father tell you something about me?" Han Li asked.

Liyue's hands clenched themselves, but she unclenched them and relaxed before saying: "Yes, father told me you were a talented person."

"I see," Han Li calmly nodded. There was not even a second before she responded and there was no resistance. She also said something that should be pleasing to my ears.

She was afraid of him and at the same time, she didn't want to piss him off.

"Tell me the reasons for you coming here," Han Li said.

Liyue became silent and the back of her neck reddened slightly. "I was told to meet you and...and talk about our marriage."

"What do you want to talk?"

"..." She had no answers for that.

"You are quite the unconfident person, aren't you?" Han Li asked and then pointed at his mom, "Look at this dumbass, she would have yelled in frustration by now with all the questions I asked. Why are you so nervous in the first place? Calm down, I am not going to eat you."

Yue Li frowned and looked at Han Li with twitching eyes. 'Why is he throwing me into the mix? Bastard! He even called me dumb infront of her.'

She was trying hard to keep her chest puffed and act like a big thing. He absolutely ruined all her effort with that.

She glared at him with a wronged look.

Han Li smiled, he could feel Liyue relax visibly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35 - 35: Talk with the Bride.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Have you relaxed?" Han Li asked.

Liyue curtly nodded.

"So, I will get straight to the point since you seem to be questioning yourself," he said looking into her black eyes that looked like the night sky. "I want to take you in as mine and one thing I am sure of is, that is much better for you than being a wife to a random man you might find here in the city."

Liyue hesitated but then bit her lips and nodded.

Han Li looked at her. "Tell me what you think about this," he said.

She looked back at him for the first time but then shook her head inside. Nevertheless, she asked in curiosity: "Does my opinion really matter though? You and father came to a deal and I am now yours. Isn't that a decided matter?"

'I see,' he thought. Seeing why she looked gloomy.

Yue Li frowned in slight disbelief. Did Xiao Li really want to marry someone by making a deal with her father? That was not how she taught him to be.

She had taught him to be gentle with ladies. To care for them if they cared for him. To return kindness with kindness a hundredfold better.

She looked at Han Li with a deeply disgruntled frown. Was he to treat the girl badly now? She will be mad.

It had been quite some time since she scolded him, but she wouldn't hesitate to make him remember once more where they came from.

Wasn't he just forgetting everything once something good happened and he gained power? Was this what the wise used to say, 'Power can corrupt men' meant?

No way she would let her Xiao Li be corrupted.

Han Li gently patted her hands to tell her to calm down, and then stood up from the bed.

He reached before Liyue and looked into her eyes. "Stand up," he said.

She stood up from her seat and looked up at Han Li's face. He was slightly taller than her. But she could see those red eyes looking at her as if he could see through her.

Han Li lifted her chin. "Do you know why I chose you as my woman?" he asked.

Liyue could feel her heart beating slightly harder. She nodded with a bit of hesitation. Maybe, this was the only chance she might get to speak straight with her soon-to-be Husband. She wanted to tell him what was on her mind. She would have at least tried.

"Wasn't it...because of my Father's money?" Liyue asked. Most people didn't know, but some people did. Her father was quite rich for an Outer Circle citizen of Starlight Zone.

Han Li shook his head. "Who wants your father's petty money?"

She was confused. "Then why?" She asked. As far as she knew, she didn't even look that beautiful. There were many more beautiful women who would marry Han Li if he was as talented as her father boasted.

Why would he bother going theough all the trouble for her if not for the money? Wasn't she totally worthless without it?

"Many reasons actually, but the first of which is..." He looked at her whole body. "You are a gorgeous woman, Liyue."

Even though not the best beauty, she looked pretty without any makeup. She had a natural charm. And with his experienced eyes, he could tell she would be an absolutely stunning woman after she was more mature.

Liyue felt her heart skip a beat. No matter how she considered herself average, to hear those words from a man in a situation like this felt....good.

"And of course, if I wanted to get a woman for her looks, there are sluts all around in the city. I know Pang Li's... Hmm, now he is my father-in-law, so I should show some respect. Anyway, I know your family's situation."

Liyue silently looked at him.

"The fact that you looked after your sick mother for a major part of your life is commendable. I don't see any reason for you to find yourself lesser after doing something like that. In fact, I almost see you as the perfect choice at the moment."

Liyue looked at him with wide eyes. She hadn't really told him what she was feeling but he still told her the answer to an unasked question.

Why was it that someone — someone even better than the bride who abandoned her without a thought — came looking for her?

He liked my... character? I was... Gorgeous?

Nobody had ever told something like that to her except her mother. Is he just saying those to fool me?

"Be proud of yourself. And If you feel your opinions lack the proper voice, from now on, yell with my name. Your husband's name. So, if you still wish to be my woman, here is the hand, will you take it?" Han Li gave her a hand. "If you want, you can go home and stay unmarried. I will talk to Pang Li for you."

Liyue could feel her heart thumping. It felt so surreal. Did there really exist a man who cared for her opinion instead of anything else?

Yue Li came from the side and gently took her hands. Then said with a determined face: "Don't worry, my son is a bastard but I won't let him treat you badly. Just take the hand."

Liyue looked at her and her heart suddenly filled with hope. If this was the kind of woman who raised him... Wouldn't he be the best husband?

She dropped her unconscious guard and a small hand fell into Han Li's firm hand. He held it with care.

"Now, we are a family..." Yue Li muttered. Surprisingly, she was quite eager to learn more about this new daughter-in-law. She felt like a perfect friend for her.

'I guess he also chose someone similar to me for me...' She thought with a smile.

Liyue on the other hand was confused but in her mind, she could feel a slight flicker of unknown emotions bubbling. The feeling of a strong hand in her hand. The sense of strength that came with it.

The smiling Yue Li on the side who seemed like the perfect Mother.

'Is this what an actual loving family is like?' she couldn't help but wonder. She had never felt that feeling before. The feeling of wanting to belong somewhere.

Han Li looked at his bubbly mother and nodded inwardly. They were still at the start and it would take a bit of time for Liyue to come out of her shell. But overall, she was a good choice.

He tightly held her hands. Yue Li smiled, "What about I cook something up? I have a new recipe I never tried. Want to eat, daughter-in-law?"

Liyue nodded and an unconscious smile slowly formed on her face. Han Li and Yue Li raised an eyebrow immediately.

"You should smile more, that looks more beautiful that way." Yue Li exclaimed and Han Li nodded.

"She does indeed look beautiful with a smile," he said, patting Liyue's cheeks.

Her heart skipped a beat and she said in a low voice. "Maybe you should speak less sweet words like that..."

Han Li wrapped his hands around her waist. "I will try but 'our' Mom tells me to make you happy. How can I ignore her?"

Yue Li unwrapped his hands from the back and took Liyue away. "That's enough! Now it's time we ladies have our alone time to speak. She will be helping me cook! You get lost now!"

Han Li chuckled. Asking, "Do you know how to cook?"

Liyue nodded immediately. "I am the one who cooks in the house."

"Okay..." Han Li let them go. "The food better be the best thing I ever ate Mom, and be extravagant in spending."

Yue Li nodded and left proudly with her new friend.

After they left the room, Han Li turned his gaze to the window nearby with an irritated face.

"Fatty, you have been snooping around for quite a while there," he said irritably: "Come out!"

A round head poked up from the bushes and looked in through the glass. Then smiled widely.

"This fatso..." Speechless, Han Li had the urge to beat him up.

...

In the kitchen.

The place was lit up by oil lamps and Yue Li had already put a pot above the fire with some ingredients to get cooking.

"Xiao Li also studied cooking from me," Yue Li spoke with a smile, "He used to be such a cute little thing... He once even tried putting his hand into the fire."

Liyue listened while giving Yue Li the ingredients and cutting them. "I heard he is good at cooking... My father says he is the best chef in the outer circle of our Starlight Zone."

Yue Li proudly nodded. "He learned from me after all."

Liyue awkwardly nodded. But truly, she was far less nervous after coming out of the room. Yue Li was much easier to speak with than Han Li.

"Uhm..." She suddenly spoke but didn't know what to call her anymore.

"You should call me Mother or Mom from now on, that's what Xiao Li calls me."

"But we aren't yet married..."

"Hmm...It's the same thing, we both like you already, and that is enough. That mentioned, do you want to know something?" Yue Li looked around as she asked.

"...Yes?"

"Xiao Li told me yesterday that he might just accept you as his wife and not have an official marriage since it is too troublesome. But after we saw you there, I am sure he would accept to have an official marriage. He seems to really accept you."

Liyue became silent. She also liked Han Li as far as she saw but more than that. She liked this family.

"Well, let's cook the rest, Sadly we don't have a refrigerator but it's fine. Xiao Li also likes veggies."

"... Refrigerator?"

Yue Li turned silent. Uh, Xiao Li would get mad if I revealed such secrets. He warned her earlier not to reveal any.

"That's a mythical weapon said to Freeze water."

"Such things exist?"

"Maybe?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36 - 36: Man to Man talk.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Yue Li and Liyue were busy cooking food and decorating tables. Han Li and his fat Father-in-law walked the roads in Starlight Zone silently, and soon, they were in a small seating area usually used by the kids around.

It was already night-time, so nobody was there. But due to having Awakened, Han Li's senses were much better and he had clear vision of his surroundings. Even though the moonlight was bright enough to let him see even if his senses were normal.

Sitting on one of the seat-like rocks, Han Li waited for the fat man to sit. And then said, "Never stalk outside my house again. For whatever reason it might have been."

Pang Li awkwardly nodded. He just wanted to make sure his daughter wasn't going to go somewhere else instead of going to Han Li's. What if she ran away or something? Even though he knew she wasn't the type to daringly do something like that.

"So...Brat..." Pang Li hesitated, he didn't know why, but after Han Li's eyes turned red. Calling him that felt wrong. "Anyway, what do you think about Liyue?"

Han Li looked at him and chuckled slightly. "You really are what they call a horrible parent. Well, she is a good girl. Just lacks some confidence in herself."

"...So about the marriage?" The Fatty asked. Obviously more interested in business than family. Han Li was a solid asset that he was investing in. He canceled the marriage with another talented person for him after all.

Both only had equal chances at reaching Evolution in his opinion. But he had still chosen to cancel the first one for him. He sure expected high returns.

Nodding, Han Li assured. "I don't plan to give her to anyone else. My mom also seems to have liked her."

"Then what about the marriage ceremony? We can have it anytime you want since everything is ready."

"Hmm... Let me speak about that with Liyue today. Anyway, even if she does want a marriage, it will only be after the Awakening ceremony." Han Li was sure about that.

The place turned silent for a moment and a cold night breeze passed by.

Han Li suddenly asked, "I know her mother had a sickness...what was her name?"

"My wife?" Pang Li raised an eyebrow: "Her name is Li Yao."

Han Li nodded. In this life and his other lives, he had known Pang Li and had had many dealings with him. He had obviously heard of his wife.

She was said to be bedridden most of the year and her daughter Liyue was said to be an extremely filial girl who never slacked in her duties. That was one of the reasons he chose her.

"I never actually met her, right? What is her actual issue?"

Pang Li sighed. "The same issue as your mother. She failed in her Evolution and instead of the Soul Energy lingering on one part of the body, her whole body is spread with that energy. So unlike your mother who I heard had leg pain... Li Yao's whole body hurts and she cannot move after every time the pain hits."

Han Li turned silent. Everyone who failed in Evolution had some kind of constant suffering. After all, once they fail, their Spark vanishes. They become defects that has soul energy in their body.

But without a Spark, Soul Energy is an unusable fuel that just hurts. Even the Fat Pang Li was said to have constant pain in his tummy.

But of course, Han Li had many ways he could heal it that had yet to be spread around in Sacred Lust Continent. The current known ways that everyone knew were complex and expensive. But for him, there were many cheap ways.

But that would be a bit troublesome if it is known by others. He had plans to use that knowledge as a business but not at the moment when he was weak enough to be swatted to death.

But such Soul Energy was very useful if he could absorb it using his Lust Spark. It would quicken the process of his talent enhancement. He could also heal his mother-in-law in the process.

'I will be patient for now...'  There was no need to rush. The only thing remotely concerning was the Raven Clan cultivator but Han Li had his plans for him.

"Okay then Fatso, I will go back... They must be waiting for me with my food." Han Li said calmly and stood up, then swatted the dust away from his back.

With a wave of his hand, he walked back home.

There was no need for him to invite Pang Li for dinner. It was a moment for Liyue to bond with them, why would he ruin it by bringing the fatso with him?

Pang Li looked at his back as he moved away. 'If Han Li becomes an Evolution Stage, setting up a store in the inner circle of Starlight Zone won't be a dream anymore.'

He wasn't afraid of not getting anything and being abandoned by his daughter after marriage since Liyue loved her Mother. And by proxy, she would never leave him. He hadn't been a truly terrible parent as Han Li mentioned either.

His daughter was raised with the principles of returning kindness with kindness. Even if she were to abandon her father, she would pay him enough before she abandoned him. And obviously, she would also have a much better life.

He was a shrewd person, there was no way he would marry off his daughter without thinking all of that.

But he was not someone so cruel to not even think of his daughter's well-being. Han Li looked back at him from a distance and smiled, 'Quite impressive for a fatso.'

He was already more than 50 years old and with the issues of his Soul Energy and such, he would at most live for another decade or two. So, wanting to settle his daughter with a capable man was the best choice if thought logically.

If his daughter was lucky enough to not fail in Evolution, she could then choose to cancel the marriage and cut her ties with her husband. If she failed, there was a chance she would have an Evolved husband.

For an Evolved who usually lived for more than 200 years, one canceled marriage was nothing. In the end, the only things she will end up losing were things people only care about temporarily. Like virginity for example.

And if she does end up loving her husband, that was fine too. It was even better.

When the time came, she would have a better life even without Pang Li's guidance. And alongside, he as the father, would also receive his benefits. Making his decade or two among the living better. He will also have an inheritance to leave for his daughter after his death too.

All the while, Liyue thought herself to be a person who wasn't cared for by her father at all. She even hated him for many things.

Marrying Liyue off at this moment was the best choice. In Pang Li's opinion, she won't grow more beautiful with age anyway, so the best option was to marry her when she was at her prime.

Then whatever happened, it would be to her own advantage. She won't have to really suffer no matter what ended up being happening.

'But, don't worry. I am capable enough to look after my women by myself...'

Since he had decided Liyue to be his, there was no way he would let her fail in Evolution.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37 - 37: New Member
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The smell of curry, spices, the sound of an egg being roasted, and the chit-chat of the new mother and daughter pair rang throughout the kitchen for a while before the humble table was filled with tasty-looking dishes.

Other than meat, there was almost everything there. Han Li hadn't bothered to buy meat earlier even though he no longer had any financial issues. But there were some cold fish that Yue Li cut and fried using her very own cooking techniques and spices exclusive to this world.

Looking at the table, Yue Li and Liyue couldn't help but smile.

"You should be the one to call him here this time. Go, I will set the plates," Yue Li said, patting the girl's back.

Liyue nodded. She knew the etiquette. But just as she was about to go and call Han Li, he came into the kitchen with a smile.

Looking at the table, he took a whiff.

"Smells great..." he said with a smile and immediately sat down. Yue Li motioned at Liyue to serve him.

She swallowed and briefly looked at his side profile before taking the rice and serving it to him.

"You guys also sit down," Han Li said and dragged his mother to sit beside him. On his right.

Liyue also served food for Yue Li. "Now, you also sit down." Han Li made her sit to his left.

She was a bit shy but held it back and got comfortable. As comfortable as she could get sitting mere inches away from a man.

Han Li took it by him to serve her food and with a nod, he said, "Let's eat."

Yue Li also nodded and they dug into the dish. Mother was indeed a great cook that once they started eating, even Han Li who had tasted all sorts of delicacy, couldn't help but praise inside. Earth's cooking style was indeed different from theirs.

Even though Yue Li lacked some spices and tools, her intuition as a cook was top-notch.

"Mom, take some eggs from there," Han Li said.

Yue Li paused, took the plate of fried eggs, and passed it to him.

Han Li looked at her face and saw a rice stuck on her cheek. He casually took it and put it into his mouth.

Liyue couldn't help but pause in the middle of her eating. 'They are really close...' Yue Li didn't even feel the action to be noticeable. It was such a normal thing for them. But to her, it seemed so amazing.

Han Li got his portion and he passed some to Liyue. "Mom has a knack for any dish with eggs, try it."

She tentatively took a piece and gently placed it into her mouth. It was still warm and immediately after eating, she couldn't help but flinch.

'Spicy...!' It was the spiciest thing she had ever eaten.

But Han Li was already ready with water and gave it to her with a smile. "How is it?" He asked.

She drank the cool water and after a bit, calmed her tastebuds down. "It is spicy but I like it. How did you do it... Mother, I never saw you doing something different from normal."

"She has a knack with spices that even I couldn't really figure out with all the time I spent watching her. It will take time for you to learn," Han Li said, quite proud of his mother's talent.

After that, the three silently ate the rest of the food with occasional small talk in between. And before they knew it, they were full and the plates were about empty.

Han Li satisfactorily drank the cool lemon juice that she had made and with a sigh, said, "Good food, cook meat tomorrow..."

Yue Li wondered whether it was too extravagant. True, they had gotten a small fortune but what about after it was over? But she didn't ask. She had to let her son maintain his face infront of his new wife-to-be.

They washed their hands and soon, they were clean.

Liyue hesitated but asked, "I am going back for now... Can I take the rest of the food for my mother?"

Yue Li nodded. "I will pack it for you, and he will take you home."

"Is there enough left for her mother?" Han Li asked. He hadn't even thought of that.

"There is plenty left, even for her father." Yue Li said, rolling her eyes at him. Of course she would cook for them too.

But she might have indeed gone a bit overboard though. The budget wasn't considered at all.

...

As Han Li picked his teeth with a small D.I.Y toothpick, Liyue and Yue Li washed the dishes together. Yue Li rejected her help but Liyue didn't listen and just silently kept helping.

After that, they packed the leftovers and Yue Li looked at Han Li and ordered, "Take her home."

"You are not coming?" Han Li asked with curiosity. She was a bit too proactive for the girl, right?

Yue Li looked at Liyue and smiled. "No, you guys should also have some good alone time after all. Speak with each other."

She didn't know why but the more time she spent with the girl, the more she liked her. Her silent but caring attitude somehow touched right on her heart.

She could also see that the girl had a sense of inferiority complex. So, Doctor Yue Li had to fix it. Such a cute girl should immediately become her son's wife.

"I guess I will take her home then..." Han Li took her hand. "I guess it is also the better thing for me to do by meeting my Mother-in-law too. Would she be asleep?"

Liyue's eyes lit up and she shook her head. She said with enthusiasm Han Li hadn't seen on her before, "Mom only sleeps after I do. She would be very happy if you could visit her. She also wanted to see me married."

"It's only natural I visit her. Mom, you should also get acquainted with her when you get the chance."

"Okay, for now... Tell her that I would like to meet her," She said while looking into Han Li's eyes. She knew they had a way of healing people like Liyue's mother after all.

Han Li held the gaze for a while before smiling. He would have to make some plans.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38 - 38: Mother-in-Law
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The moonlight paved their way forward. Han Li and his fiance, Shan Liyue walked towards her home with calm steps. Liyue had the urge to start a conversation but couldn't bring herself to speak. Han Li was also silent.

They each had a small cover filled with packed and fresh food in their hands and as she walked, Liyue needed something to focus her gaze on, so she looked at the packet in Han Li's hands.

'Why is it so stable? His hand is so steady…'

It was like the package didn't know it was being held. As if walking didn't affect the cover's movements.

Han Li briefly paused and looked at a house some distance away. With lanterns outside lighting up the surroundings of the house that was considerably bigger than his own thatched house.

"…That's my house," she said in a weak voice.

"I know," Han Li nodded and looked at her and she involuntarily looked back at him. "Let's go meet your mother first."

Liyue nodded and they both walked up to the house. She used a key to open the door and took one of the lanterns to light the way ahead. Han Li entered the house and followed her.

She took the food from his hands and placed them on a table in the dining area. "Mom is bedridden in our room… we sleep together since she might need my help if the pain suddenly hits."

Han Li nodded. She took a deep breath and brought him towards a room that had some candles lit inside.

Entering the room, she looked at her mother to make sure she was not in any kind of embarrassing situation and invited Han Li in. Li Yao, her mother, was looking at them with brightened eyes.

"Mom…" slightly bashful, Liyue helped her mother sit up slightly. Han Li, on the other hand, looked at her in amusement.

Indeed, no wonder the Fat guy had a daughter as beautiful as his fiance. His mother-in-law was quite the beauty. She had long black hair and pretty black eyes. Due to being an Awakened, his senses were clear even though the room was dimly lit. Li Yao was a beautiful woman with bountiful assets.

Her plain white robes only added to the mature charm. Even though she looked tired and sleepy, her eyes had this vibrancy and life that he rarely saw in women her age and status. Even though she was more than 45, she barely seemed more than 35.

"Are you the boy going to marry Liyue?" she asked with an interested tone.

Han Li smiled. "Yes, I am."

"You surely caught quite the catch, Liyue." Li Yao chuckled: "Handsome and polite to boot."

Liyue blushed and said, "Mom, he is here to speak with you…"

Li Yao smiled. "I know him. Boy, are you the girl Yue Li's son?"

"I am," Han Li nodded. His mother was quite famous due to the scandal of his birth and as someone from the Starlight Zone, it was not surprising that she knew her. "Do you know my mother?"

"I don't really know her but I have seen her before… I saw her many times. She was one of the most popular girls in her prime after all. You won't believe how many men wanted to woo her."

"Ah, I heard about that…" Han Li smiled thinking about that part of her history. "She went for a small journey outside of the clan at that point."

That was the main reason she ran away for a while. And on the way back, she came with a child, and that child was him.

"What is your name?" she asked.

Liyue brought a chair for him and he sat on it before answering. "Han Li. I met Uncle Li earlier and spoke about our marriage… I thought I should also come to meet you."

"Her Father?" Li Yao nodded hesitantly, but then said with a smile: "By the way, you can just call me Mother-in-law, even Mother alone is fine."

Her daughter blushed from the side.

"So, Mother-in-law, what do you think about me marrying Liyue?" Han Li asked while looking at the blushing Liyue. This girl indeed had charm.

"I am fine with it. If my fatso husband allowed you to marry her, he must have known you are the best choice. He rarely ever makes bad decisions. And look at my daughter blushing… I never saw it before the first marriage was canceled. I bet she likes you."

'Mom!' Liyue exclaimed in her mind out of embarrassment. Had Han Li not been there, she would have immediately run away.

Han Li chuckled. "I should have brought some wine for you. You seem like the perfect person to have a cup with."

Li Yao's eyes brightened. "Do that next time or I won't give my daughter to you. Bring me some great wine!"

"Sure!" Han Li smirked.

Liyue wondered in her mind, 'He likes wine?'

Han Li then asked, "By the way, can I look at your condition?"

Li Yao raised an eyebrow.

"As I said, I have a bigger background behind me. My father is not from the Starlight Clan after all.  So I learned some medicine in my younger years… maybe I can at least relieve some of your pain?"

"Oh…" She knew Han Li's father was often rumored to be some mysterious man. Nobody knew who impregnated Yue Li after all.

Han Li smirked inside, 'Father Fruit is such a nice man.'

"I am not sure but I can indeed check."

Liyue asked nervously, "What does she have to do?" Her father had told her Han Li might have a prestigious background. So, she was hopeful his tricks worked!

"Nothing much, just give me your hand." Han Li showed her his hand. Li Yao didn't hesitate and placed her soft hands on his.

A red Spark awakened in his other hand. Lust Spark could absorb the emotion of Lust and transform it into Energy. All Sparks could absorb Soul Energy. Even Starlight Sparks could absorb it. But each person's soul energy was different from one another.

That made it impossible for someone to absorb another person's Energy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39 - 39: Trying a small trick on Mother-in-Law
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

That made it impossible for someone to absorb another person's Energy.

It was like each of them had a different signature. Yue Li could absorb the Soul Energy inside her using her new Spark very easily because it had her own Soul Energy to begin with. But absorbing others' Soul Energy was a whole different matter.

It was impossible if they did not have a Spark like the Lust Spark.

Among the seven 'Great Daos', 'Life' was the most potent and rare 'Great Dao' that is seen throughout the Seven Continents.

And Lust was a sub-dao of the Life Dao. And having its Spark, it allowed him to absorb any other's Soul Energy as his own. He just had to convert it into Lust which they felt.

Holding her hand, he used the spark-lit hand to see her curious face. She was looking at the red Spark she had never seen before in intrigue. What Spark is this?

Han Li gently held her soft hands. No person was ever completely bare of Lust, even the monks had a hint of Lust always active in them. Why mention? Even eunuchs had a hint of Lust that was too weak to be felt.

The moment Han Li's hands that had the Lust Spark came in contact with her, the Lust hidden deep in her got transformed into Soul Energy and got absorbed by him.

It was a low, almost negligible amount, but as someone who had endured the weight of the Energy for half of her whole life. Li Yao immediately felt a difference.

She took a deep breath and suddenly, that difference faded.

"I guess it won't be that easy." Han Li sighed.

"No, I felt a difference for a bit there… what did you do?" Li Yao asked, did such simple methods really exist?

She had believed it to be extremely expensive to heal. To the point that even selling her family's whole assets wouldn't have counted enough for it. But Han Li could heal her like this?

"My Clan's spark is a bit unique," Han Li used the fruit clan trick again and said, "But this way, it is impossible to heal you. Even without a Spark, you still have the 'Empty Space' inside you. So it would keep attracting Energy till it fills you to the maximum again. We need a much faster method."

He would have to make her extremely Lustful and absorb all that energy in one go. He could've done the same with Yue Li, but he wanted to leave her energy for her and not absorb it himself.

Even for Li Yao, if he wanted, he could easily spend another bit of Sacred Coins and get an Energy Absorption stone. If he used it along with the 'Dead's Return Diagram' he could heal her and also make her have astonishing talent. Even a new Spark.

Just like his little Mom.

But he had no plans to. He was basically putting his hands into one of the seven Ancient Sacred Demon's Empty Spaces by using the diagram. That was just courting death if he constantly used it.

Full of unknown possibilities. An Eldritch horror popping up in his front yard won't be a far-fetched possibility anymore.

But there was no need to. He could just absorb her Energy after making her Lustful.

As for Fatty Pang Li?

He wouldn't mind his Wife becoming healthier…right?

"Is it possible to heal her in the end?" Liyue asked. If she could be healed, everything was okay.

Becoming rich enough to heal her was one of her greatest ambitions that she considered an impossible goal. It was also her father's goal. Even though she didn't particularly like her father, she knew he wasn't a bad man.

"It is possible to heal her but it will take a bit of time and getting used to. But it is possible for sure. But keep in mind, do not reveal what I did today to anyone. Even Father-in-law for now."

Li Yao hesitated but nodded. She knew how big of a favor this was. And she had enough shame to keep it to themselves at least.

Anyway, since it was Liyue's husband, they were all one family from now. If she can indeed heal her, Liyue would surely have to make him heal her father too. She knew it was taking a bit of an advantage of him but this was a life-changing power.

Han Li patted her hands, "Don't worry, we will heal you Mother-in-law, and I will make sure it is an enjoyable process. We can also get to know each other more."

Liyue also nodded. That was true, her mother was very lonely without any friends visiting. Han Li would be a great company for her.

Han Li looked at them and smiled. He had no guilty conscience for having erotic thoughts about his mother-in-law. And since Liyue was his wife now, he would also tell her about it before it really happens.

Otherwise, there was no meaning in choosing Liyue to be his wife. He didn't want someone who was disgruntled and hateful of him to be his wife. He wanted someone loving and loyal.

Before touching her mother, he would obviously have to get her explicit permission.

As for Pang Li? He was a whole other matter.

Anyway, Li Yao had a lot of Soul Energy that he couldn't waste.

Li Yao nodded. "Yes, you should try to make this ability work. I am your first patient right?"

"Oh? You are." Han Li nodded.

"You should learn to use that power more using me and make this your business. My Liyue would never have to worry about money then."

"I plan to when I grow a bit more stronger… I don't want malicious attention."

"Isn't your Mother alone at home? You should go back now," Li Yao said with a smile, "But make sure you come soon with a wine. And also introduce me to your mother."

"I will. She also wanted to see you." Han Li stood up from his seat and looked at Liyue. She had a pondering but slightly red face. "Can I take her out for a minute?"

Li Yao smiled. "Ask her."

The girl always cared too much about her own opinion after all.

Han Li looked at her and took her hand, breaking her out of her thoughts. "Come, Let's have a conversation."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40 - 40: Ah, the moon comes out in night
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and his fiance stood side by side just outside her home.

"I guess your father is still out," he said.

Liyue nodded. She was a bit nervous. What did Han Li want to speak with her?

"Now that it is sure that you will be mine from now on. I have some conditions I hope you can fulfill…" His voice lingered for a while before he continued, "Nothing much, only two conditions."

Liyue nodded. Her neck was slightly red… How can he so casually say something like you are mine…

"So, first of all. After our marriage, I want you to look after my mom very well. Especially if I am not around for some reason." Han Li looked into her eyes, "Understood?"

She nodded. That was not much, she just had to see Yue Li like her own mother.

"Second thing, this is very important. Well, don't reveal anything that you feel is a secret of ours to anybody other than me and Mom." He had no plans of revealing Yue Li's Luck-Chat System or his own secrets.

What she had to know, she will know. But if she ended up seeing something, it would be troublesome. Thus, he warned her beforehand.

He didn't really mind though. His own important secrets would be secrets in his own mind and the only secrets Yue Li had were her previous life on Earth and the System. He had firmly warned her not to reveal anything like that, so she wouldn't.

Yue Li also understood that these things might be coveted treasures. She wasn't one to look for troubles herself.

Liyue found the second condition to be somewhat weird but didn't linger on it too much and nodded. Maybe they had some secrets about the clan that Han Li's father came from that they didn't want others to know.

"Also, this is not a condition but I am just a human. Your husband to boot. So, you should try speaking to me."

She was so nervous every time. She had barely spoken to him ever since they met. Nevertheless, she nodded.

Han Li looked at her and took her hand. "I do know the way to break the ice though. Should I use that instead?"

She looked at him. His red eyes shined like a ruby and its focus made her avert her gaze.

Han Li patted her head and brought her into his embrace. She was startled but she couldn't resist. "Can you hear the heartbeats?"

Indeed. She could feel her own thundering heartbeats and Han Li's calm ones. But she could no longer nod since her head was buried in his chest and he was patting the top of her head.

Her face flushed. "I…I can hear," she said in fluster.

Her hands were on his chest, his hands were wrapped around her waist and he was so tightly pulling her. She couldn't help but be flustered.

She had never been this close to a man. Not to mention someone so dominating.

"Do you still feel nervous? What kind of weak girl are you?" Han Li once more patted her head, "You will have to grow stronger than that. Now look up at me."

Feeling his hold loosen slightly, she relievedly looked up at Han Li's face.

'So close!' her heart skipped a beat. Han Li closed the distance and his lips met hers. He didn't give a deep kiss but just a small peck on her lips.

She stood in his embrace startled like a kitten. Then immediately pushed him away in a fluster.

Han Li looked at her with a curious smirk as he stumbled a step back.

Really, A beauty no matter what, does look beautiful. The moonlight on her blushing skin in this late night and the chirping sound of cicadas were just… Beautiful. It felt so alive.

She looked at him with a red face and touched her lips.

"Wh…what was that?" she muttered.

Han Li smiled. "Nothing, just something to make you more comfortable."

Liyue clenched her hands. Why was her heart so fast? She couldn't calm down at all!

This was not the kind of nervousness she was used to.

"Anyway, as Mother-in-law said, my Mom is still alone… I will go for now." Han Li chuckled, waved his hands, and turned around. Before Liyue could process everything, he was far into the distance.

She just stood there and looked at him as her hair flowed in the night wind. She tucked it into place with a hand. '…he undid my hair because he… hugged me too hard.'

Her heart couldn't help but skip a beat. Her hands couldn't help but clench itself.

On the other hand, some distance away, a fatty lied under a bush and sighed. "Youth, such a wonderful thing."

Had it been his own house, Han Li would sure have beaten him half to death today. But this time, he didn't mind. He was in somewhat of a carefree mood.

As for Liyue?

She was also someone who had gone through the 3rd Awakening, but she didn't even notice the obvious movement.

…

"Ah the Air smells like fine ash, ah the sun feels hot, ah the fire burns…" Han Li sang an old poem that came to mind and silently vanished into the shadows of night.

It was said that someone who had plowed the fields long enough would know when a harvest was soon. It was the same for him.

He could intuitively tell the energy in the surrounding atmosphere was rising. The day of Energy Abundance was soon, and this time, Starlight Clan was going to host the Awakening Ceremony.

And for that, a white flag would be risen. A flag representing peace that should not be touched upon. If that moment of peace was to be touched upon…

Han Li smirked. It was near time to remove some pests from his field.

"Ah? What was it again? Whatever… Ah, the moon comes out in night… Ah the fat man is fat…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41 - 41: Study the Dao, Mom!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a new dawn. The sun's shining glare brightened the skies and woke the world up.

Inside Han Li's humble abode. He was deep in sleep with his mother lying on top of him.

She was rather fitting for him to hug tightly above him. She was just the perfect size. Han Li woke up and felt a small weight on top of him. It was his mother.

"You woke up earlier than me again…" Han Li said, slightly groggy from sleep.

He wasn't one to sleep deeply, usually, he slept while being on alert and that was his habit.

But after coming back in time, he was relaxed. Especially in his mother's presence.

So, he ended up having somewhat of a deep sleep these days.

"Yeah, I woke up way earlier than you." Yue Li looked at his face and said with a morning smile. "I set up tea, breakfast, and even snacks already."

Han Li hugged her a bit tighter. "You came and slept on top of me after doing all that?"

Yue Li laid her head on his chest. "Yeah, you slept more comfortably when I did that."

"I see…" Han Li gently patted her head. "You smell so nice. Did you have a bath?"

"Yes. I did," she replied, "The water was so cold."

"If I had brushed… I would have kissed you deeply now," Han Li said.

"Oh…am I irritating you now?" Yue Li asked with a pout.

"Of course, you are always irritating," Han Li said, "You even slept before I came back home yesterday."

He had wanted to have some fun but she just didn't want to allow that. She slept before he reached back home.

Yue Li said with feigned anger. "It's not like you didn't do anything while I was asleep. Even when I woke up, your fingers were inside… why did you think I had to bathe so early in the morning?"

Han Li chuckled.

She displayed no shame and was truly one-of-a-kind. She had always boldly expressed her love for him without any hesitation.

Even when he was not allowed to touch her down there, she never showed shyness. She was rather bold even then.

"Did it feel good though?" Han Li asked with a smile in his voice.

Yue Li blushed a bit. "Of course, it felt good. You can do it every time from now."

"It's always me pleasuring you. You will have to do it for me too." Han Li said, really, he also deserved some. Even though he liked pleasuring her more.

Yue Li nodded. This time really a bit shy.

Having said that, Han Li added a bit seriously, "I have some bad news for you. Tomorrow is the Awakening ceremony and today, I want you to learn all the basics of Cultivation. You will have to study a lot today."

Yue Li smiled. "I also want to continue the training, it's quite fun."

Before they both Awakened, they rarely had something that they both liked doing together. Of course, except love. But Yue Li had always wished there was something like Animes or Games here that she could use to spend time with him.

This training was like a replacement for that.

"I will go brush first, and then tea, food, and stuff before training begins. And… if you study everything I give today clearly…"

"If I do?"

"I will give you a gift. A big Gift."

"Okay," Yue Li smiled, she liked surprises. "Then I will also give you a small surprise."

"Oh? What surprise?"

Yue Li blushed and moved her face to his side. She whispered in his ear, "When I woke up, your thing was standing and it looked painfully hard. So I tried to calm it down… I thought you would wake up but you didn't."

Han Li looked at her with surprise clearly written on his face. "Really? What did you do?"

Yue Li blushed more. "I gave it a kiss and used my hands to play with it."

"No wonder I didn't have a morning wood. You better do that when I am awake next time."

Yue Li nodded. Han Li gently laid her to the side and said, "Let's get to work."

There was no time to waste.

…

After washing himself. Han Li and Yue Li had their breakfast. He also got enough Banana fries to eat today since instead of him, Yue Li had gone to the markets early morning.

She had even bought meat. Of course, she hadn't cooked it yet.

Their breakfast was just bread and omelet. And some fried vegetables that she liked to cook.

Having filled their stomachs, he no longer allowed her to slack and brought her to the room. Then, taking a book and ink, he started her studies.

"Okay, Mom, tell me all you know about Cultivation," Han Li asked.

Yue Li pondered and said, "I don't know a lot about it."

"Say what you know."

"I know that the first Stage of cultivation is 'Awakening'," She counted, "Second is Evolution and the third is Power Birth."

Han Li nodded, "Correct names. But I like to call Awakening as the Second Stage of cultivation and Spark Acquiring as the first Stage. Even though more than 99% of the people are born with a spark and cultivate already."

Yue Li nodded. "Then it goes first stage Spark Acquiring, then Awakening, Evolution, and Power Birth. Right?"

"Yes, there are more Stages after that and in the end, the 7th Stage is the Stage the strongest cultivators we ever know were at. Sacred Demons."

"So we are at the second Stage and the 7th Stage is the most powerful? That much is simple." Even she can learn it easily.

"That's just the Cultivation Stages. Knowing that makes no difference. What you have to know is what they entail and what you have to do to reach the next stage. Also, what happens after you reach the next stage is something important too."

"Okay!" Yue Li nodded, pumped.

"So, tell me what else do you know about Cultivators?"

"Cultivators are strong people who get more stronger the higher stage they are in."

"Correct."

"They have many magical capabilities that…Mortals can't even understand."

"Not exactly wrong."

"They live for much longer than us."

"Yes, but you are now a cultivator too. 'Us' is the cultivators now and 'They' are the mortals."

"Oh…"

"There is also more you have to know, this is just the most basic of things. I will tell you some of the important things. Try to memorize and write it down on the note."

Yue Li took the ink and paper. Then listened.

"Our talent, as your system shows, is a very, very important thing in the cultivation world. The higher your Stage, the more impactful it will be."

She wrote down what he said. He waited till she was over with it and then continued.

"For Average-Level Talents, the Empty Space inside them would just have a 1-meter distance. That would be the limit of their Soul Sense too. I can at the moment only see about 1.5 meters with my Soul Sense when the Spark is out."

She noted.

"Then for the High-Level Talents, the Empty Space inside them would be 3 meters wide. And they can also sense that much when the spark is out."

She noted while nodding.

"Then there are people with the Sacred Talent. Like you for example. They have a 5-meter Empty Space and they can see 5 meters when the Spark is out."

She noted that too.

"The area of the Empty Space determines many things other than senses too Mom, It determines how much Energy you can store in your body. And that in turn determines how long you can sustain your Powers that you will gain after Evolving.

People with Average-Talent would easily tire themselves using the powers once or twice whereas you can use it 10 times and you would still not be completely tired out."

"Okay!" She noted.

"And last thing for now, every Stage you go up in cultivation. For example, from Awakening Stage to the Evolution Stage, The Empty Space would double in size. Your 5 meters would become ten and that ten would become 20 when you reach Power Birth."

"Uh? Then wouldn't that mean people with Average Talent would only have 2-meter Empty Spaces when they become Evolution Stage?!" Even she had 5 meters already.

"Yes, they could only sense around 2 Meters of them. And even if they become Power Birth Stage cultivators, they can only see 4 Meters around them."

Of course, the Stage after that was quite different but Yue Li doesn't have to know about it now.

"Isn't your talent Average too Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked worriedly.

"Not for long, if you put in effort, it should be easy… I just have to absorb that Lust out of you." Han Li chuckled.

Yue Li didn't mind and wrote down what she understood.

Han Li smiled. "But all of cultivation is always dependent on the Spark. There are many things you have yet to learn. This is just the basics, so don't get smug."

"I am not smug." Yue Li wrote the last word down.

"I bet learning about the 7 Great Daos would be even more fun."

Yue Li flinched. "Let me learn all of this first!"

"Yeah, that much is enough for now. Study."

"…I used to think it would be the other way," Yue Li smiled, "Aren't mothers supposed to be the ones to teach their kids?"

"Your son is too good. Don't compare him to the rest."

"Maybe…" Yue Li smiled more.

"Sweetness won't let you rest. Study, study, my dumb mom."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42 - 42: The Differences
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lands were rather dim due to the dark curtains that hid the world from the sun. The clouds hung there in the heavens like an ominous warning of an incoming downpour.

Han Li was seated above his house's roof in the lotus position and looking towards the distance where a small flag slowly rose up the flag pole and fluttered. He could hear distant drumbeats too.

An Awakening Ceremony was going to take place. Han Li gently breathed in.

He could feel the world brimming with energy and vitality. Today was a day of Energy Abundance. It was like a wind that blows over at least once a month.

The energy of the world peaks and even depressed people would naturally feel more lighthearted today. It doesn't really affect the Awakening Stage cultivators or their talent.

But it was considered a lucky day. As for the Evolution Stage and higher-stage cultivators?

It was a day for them to absorb energy 10 times faster than normal. Some even travel along the Energy Abundance like following the wind to have faster cultivation.

But Han Li didn't mind about any of that. At the moment, his mother was with Liyue and they were both in the Ceremony area of Starlight Zone. Near the flagpole.

As he waited, he also tried taking out his own Spark and absorbing the Energy of the world surrounding him. But sadly, it didn't work.

Of course, by breathing alone, anyone with a Spark could absorb Energy, but there was no meaning to such Energy for Han Li.

That Energy can only fill the 1.5-meter radius and not expand it. Whereas, Lust converted into Energy could do exactly that.

It was like a different sort of Energy. It raised his potential itself as a living being.

That was why he wanted all the Lust Energy he could absorb. That was why Sparks which came in the same category as his own was somewhat unique.

All of the Sparks that came under the 'Life Dao' of the seven Great Daos could do that.

He nevertheless kept his spark active and that expanded his senses to 1.5 meters around himself. He couldn't see minor stuff like an ant's expression, but he could see anything in that distance like he had a pair of eyes there.

'I should absorb as much Lust Energy as I can and quickly make myself an Evolution Stage at least,' he pondered.

As someone who knew what the world was like, he knew being weak was a sin. Power should always be chased after.

Especially when his ambition was to control Life and Death.

Pondering about some things, suddenly, Han Li's head tilted to the side.

A wan, yellow-faced elder was walking closer to his home with a paper in his hand. His actions were sneaky and his eyes were furtive. Seeing that no one was around, he quickly pasted the gum-soaked paper into the door and walked away like nothing had happened.

Han Li looked at him with a casual smile.

The smile the infamous Red-eyed demon of sacred lust was often said to have.

From the top of the thatched roof, he had a great vantage point. There was no way for the man to see him but he could clearly see the man nervously move faster and faster the more distance he reached.

It was only natural that he was afraid. He was messing with one of the three Great Clans of the city. It was on the day of their Awakening Ceremony to boot.

Han Li didn't immediately follow him and calmly moved into his home. Reaching outside it, he casually took the gum-soaked paper and read its contents. A growing furrow on his forehead.

"Immediately come out of the Starlight Zone after you see this. Your mother is in our hands and we will return her if you bring the Black book she bought. Otherwise, we will send you her dissected corpse. Of course, we won't hesitate to enjoy her thoroughly before doing that.

And I am warning you, we have our men on the lookout, If you try contacting the clan, your mother… You won't even know her fate."

Reading it, Han Li immediately frowned. His eyes became utterly cold for a split second before it calmed down.

This was not the same message he got in the last life. What changed?

He was sure his mother was safe. Or he won't be this relaxed. But something was different from the last time.

'Are my actions affecting the future events subtly and changing things from how they should be?' he frowned more. 'I didn't do anything directly related to that merchant or the Raven Clan cultivator. What changed?'

Crumpling the paper in his hand, he walked forward. Following the path that Shan Shan had taken.

He already had a plan on how to deal with these people, but he was now slightly confused.

…

Moving out of the Starlight Zone, Han Li soon reached the gateway to the outside world. The way out of Southern Lust City. But having reached there, he froze.

His mind raced and he immediately reached many conclusions. Unlike last time when he had gone out of the gateway — when there was only one Evolution Stage cultivator looking after it — there were two people this time.

One was the same gate guard who looked slightly burly and menacing. The other was an irritable young man who constantly made issues for the merchants entering and going out.

Han Li moved closer and looked at him for a long second. He was the first fiancee of Liyue. The young man who was supposedly talented enough to become an Evolution Stage.

Seeing Han Li, the young man obviously didn't figure out their connection, but irritably made trouble for him too. The black-haired, effeminate youth yelled out loud, "Hey, you? Where are you coming from? Do you don't know merchants come first in line? Why are you trying to use it before them? Huh?"

Han Li just stared at him with his red eyes. Calmly and calculatively. He asked with a similarly calm tone, "What is your name?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43 - 43: Demon and a Butterfly's flutter.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He asked with a calm tone, "What is your name?"

Li Ming frowned with irritation. But no matter how irritated he was, he wasn't allowed to just break the law. He was here due to boredom and shame, he didn't want to get punished for something dumb he might end up doing.

And he was a cultured person. Names must be given if asked.

"Li Ming of the Starlight Clan. Who are you?" Most people won't be bold enough to speak back to gate guards. He wasn't a gate guard but he seemed like one…right?

Even the Evolution Stage cultivator on the side didn't mind him after all.

"Han Li of the Starlight Clan," Han Li replied. Unbothered by such measly status.

Li Ming squinted at the merchants around who might have heard his yells earlier and thought: 'Dammit, you should have looked like one of us if you came from one of the three great clans.'

Now his words would have made him appear like a lesser. Han Li's eyes were red, unlike the signature night black of most Starlights. So, he couldn't recognize him.

It was not anything like the other two clans either. But he had indeed heard of an Han Li around who was supposedly a great cook. That guy was supposed to be his wedding cook too.

"Well, if you are one of the three great clan's member. You should be considered differently." The young man nodded and stood to the side with a look that said he expected this development.

Han Li looked at him with a side-eye. By now, he could guess why Li Ming was here instead of being at the Awakening Ceremony's venue.

No matter what, he was someone who had his marriage canceled and many people would look at him mockingly. He must have wanted to avoid scrutiny for a while and must have paid the Evolution Stage guard here to let him spend time here.

He could vent his frustrations and appear to be helping out the clan by taking on duty instead of being a coward who hides.

But that didn't happen in the first two timelines, which made Shan Shan who entered inside have a different circumstance. Unlike the calm and unspeaking guard, Li Ming was an irritable guy who at least acted like he was working. And that made Shan Shan much more nervous than he was before.

After entering the clan grounds, he should have been extremely nervous and immediately wrote down the blackmail letter. That letter indeed felt like someone who is in a rush wrote it too.

Having concluded these details, Han Li understood why this timeline already started having differences.

'At this point, even a butterfly flapping its wings might affect future events,' Han Li thought: 'I have to be a bit more cautious about my future plans.'

He lost interest in the irritated brat and moved out of the gateway without any further thought. And once out, he once more smiled that casual smile.

Among the small number of people outside, on a side, an old, wan, and yellow-faced elder was looking at the gateway with an expectant look. Seeing Han Li, his eyes shined in relief and he immediately came walking over.

Near enough, he muttered to Han Li, "Follow me."

Han Li didn't even bother to act nervous and followed.

Shan Shan looked around as he walked and soon, some distance away from the city walls, they walked past the clearing and entered a dark forest that was filled with shadows.

Han Li looked up in search of the Raven Clan cultivator. He didn't see the man but the blocked light of the cloud-shrouded sun that could barely pass the foliage made the area quite dark.

"Did you bring the book?" Shan Shan asked with an intimidating tone.

Han Li ignored him and searched for the Raven clan cultivator. From ancient times to now, there was no way for a cultivator to head-on fight against a higher-stage cultivator.

No matter what kind of a talent a cultivator had, a higher Stage cultivator was just a different breed. No matter what advantages a low-level Cultivator may have over the higher Stage Cultivator, it was basically impossible to fight a higher Stage head-on.

It was considered extremely great if someone could even endure one attack from a Stage higher.

So, when dealing with people like that, you should always have your focus on them.

Insignificant and harmless flies like Shan Shan didn't matter. Had his Spark been covert, he would have used it. But it was too bright and would stand out.

So he just used his enhanced senses in search of the man.

Rustle*

The bushes rustled from his back and a hand gently rested on his shoulders. "Had you not heard what he asked? Where is the book?"

Han Li's hands tightened for a second and without any sudden movement, he walked forward calmly and turned back to look at the man who had killed him once.

He walked slowly since a quick move might trigger a warrior's instinct to attack immediately.

Kevin looked at him with squinted eyes. Why was this person so calm?

He had expected a pathetic man out for love and stupid due to his emotions. This was out of his expectations.

But that only made him more curious. He had no reason to worry when it came to weak beings below the Evolution Stage. Below that Stage, everyone might as well be ants to him.

Han Li on the other hand examined him. Flowing black hair that was actually a flock of raven feathers and eyes that showed an intense chaotic gleam. And a face that just screamed calm insanity.

More than anything else, a black, ancient, and rusty sword lay on his back with a lusterless shine.

Han Li then looked back at his face, he couldn't help but chuckle. "It's been quite a while since I last saw one right to the face like you."

"Oh? What?" Kevin asked curiously with a tilted head.

"A Demon," he said, "It's been a while since I saw another one."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44 - 44: Demon's [l]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The white flag rose. Drumbeats rang out like deep rumbles. People's chatter kept ringing out like a wild cluster of bird cries. Among the more than 300 people surrounding the venue were two people who stood to the side.

Yue Li, and Shan Liyue.

Looking up at the sky, and seeing the darkening clouds, Yue Li had a worried and slightly anxious expression. The whooshing wind didn't aid the situation either.

"What is it, Mother?" Liyue asked with a pat on her shoulder.

Yue Li's thoughts were broken and she looked around. She said with a shake of her head, "Nothing, it seems it might rain soon. I wonder what Xiao Li is up to."

"He said he would come before the ceremony actually began, right?" It was difficult to hear her words amidst the noise of the crowd, so she spoke loudly.

Liyue had gone early in the morning to Han Li's and wanted to visit the ceremony along with him and Yue Li, but he had made Yue Li and her come here alone.

He said he would be here before the actual ceremony began.

Yue Li took a deep breath, yesterday's event flashing through her head. Most of the day, she and Han Li had spent time teaching her about minor things in cultivation.

Not many complex things but just filling up her basics. But unlike what she expected, Han Li didn't play around with her body when the night came.

That had made her anxious a while into her sleep and she opened her eyes to look at him. What she saw then, that image was still etched deeply in her mind.

It was deep in the night, but Han Li wasn't doing anything and just looking infront of him with an indifferent gaze. Seated in the lotus position like a statue, emotionless and just calm.

Seeing him like that, her heart had shivered.

Only when he had turned around and looked at her did his monolith-like gaze soften back to normal. 'Go back to sleep,' he said.

She struggled to sleep after that and when the morning came, she didn't know why but she couldn't bring herself to question it. She began to speak but then closed her mouth.

Their interactions had been quite awkward the whole day even though it seemed normal. And when Liyue enthusiastically came and braved herself to ask them to visit the ceremony together, he had asked them to come here by themselves.

Everything made it suspicious for Yue Li.

A distant rumble of thunder echoed through the dark and gloomy lands, rather than the usual celebratory atmosphere of the ceremonies.

"Ah, isn't that the first Awakening kids? How nostalgic." Someone from the side said.

Yue Li and Liyue immediately looked towards the small stage just below the flagpole, and Liyue whispered, "They are the 13-year-old kids who will go through the First Awakening today. What a coincidence…" She smiled. "Exactly 13 kids came to Awaken."

Nodding, Yue Li looked at them. Children wet behind their ears, filled with excitement and nervousness, looking at the crowd of people watching them with many expressions. She still remembered her Xiao Li on his 13th birthday; just rolled to a corner of the bed and silently asleep.

As if nothing bothered him even though he felt alienated from the rest.

"Hello Everyone!" A woman with an iron mask climbed on stage and clapped her hands. The people around became silent.

"This time, I will be the one hosting the first two 'smaller' Awakings, and the clan head and other elders will be holding the Third Awakening and attempts at Evolution that some of our Clan members plan to go through today."

Someone around whispered, "Did you hear Lady Fang Li reached the Evolution Stage when she was 29? She is not a great genius but she is sure talented!"

Yue Li just kept watching. In total, there were 11 Evolved Cultivators — Stage 3 Cultivators — in Starlight Family and this woman, Fang Li, was one of them.

She was one of the 11 special people among more than 500 clan members and was thus a very popular person. Not to mention she was the youngest.

The Awakening ceremony began and the children were sat in a circle for the 400 or more audience to see.

Then, Fang Li lazily told the kids what to do and they all started to one by one bring out their Spark from inside their Empty Space.

All of them only made it come out one Barrier and once they did so, they looked around in disbelief at their enhanced senses. They were not Yue Li or Han Li for them to go through all 3 Awakenings at once.

They were kids and thus their minds and souls weren't strong enough to handle the extreme stress that came with the added senses. 18 was the age preferable for a mature mind that could hold the data that comes from all sides and not just explode.

If ordinary kids had 3 breakthroughs at once. Most would have severe disabilities for life like dementia, mental ailments, or even die in the worst cases.

Cultivation was not all fun and games.

As she looked at every kid smiling and walking away from the platform, and the cheering crowd, Han Li's teachings came back to her one by one.

She had learned many such basic things yesterday and that made her ponder.

"Next will be the second Awakening, kids at the appropriate age come up," Fang Li said out loud.

This time, there was only one boy and soon after going up, he immediately finished his awakening and ran away in embarrassment. Being alone above the platform was much harder than being there with others.

Yue Li chuckled at the kid's actions and said to Liyue, "I had always thought if Xiao Li went there, he would be like that, shy and flustered."

"He gets shy?" Liyue asked curiously, indeed, speaking with Yue Li was becoming easier for her.

"Yes, he does get shy. He is just like all the other kids his age, he gets playful, he gets sad, he gets excited at some things too," Yue Li paused, "But he shows only me most of his sides. Nobody really knows him. He doesn't even have a good friend other than me."

"…I thought he looked cool and calm all the time, though," Liyue murmured, "It's a bit hard to think he can get sad."

"He does. But I rarely see him angry though," Yue Li looked at Fang Li slowly climbing down the stage and spoke, "But when he does, it scares me a lot."

"…Why?"

"Because I can't tell if he is angry or not…" A drop of cold rain fell on Yue Li's cheeks. "Ah! It's raining. Do you want to go back home to see him?"

There would be an Awakening ceremony next month for her to see the Evolving cultivators. She wanted to see why Han Li had that expression yesterday. Did someone piss him off?

Liyue looked at her, but just as she was about to speak, a bolt of thundering lightning flashed in the sky and a downpour of rain followed right after. They had to run and take cover.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45 - 45: Demon's [II]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sound of gentle rain tackling the leaves and foliage of the dark forest kept ringing in their ears.

It was extremely dark and almost night-like in the shadows of the forest. Especially due to the clouds that had long covered the sun's brilliance.

But neither Kevin Raven nor Han Li had any trouble seeing each other's faces. They were no mortal humans. They were cultivators with senses that surpassed humans by folds.

Especially the Raven. "Demon? Who? Me?" Kevin pointed at himself and laughed. "That's a good one. Really.

The first time I heard someone call me that."

Shan Shan stood to the side in the darkness with only their voices being his clear sensation of the world outside. He didn't know what happened, but an unseen pressure had started building up the moment Han Li and Kevin met.

"Well, are you not a demon?" Han Li asked with a chuckle. His red eyes casually glinted at the rusty ancient sword in his opponent's back.

Kevin looked at Han Li with contemplation. His chaotic gaze wondering. "If you call me a demon at first glance," he said, his voice no longer mocking, "You must be a demon yourself."

Han Li raised an eyebrow. Well, it was probably one of the reasons. But mainly, he just wanted to stall time till his energy was recognized by the sword.

"Oh, I am indeed a demon. Actually, I quite admire you since you make me remember myself," Han Li spoke, no fear on his face but calm contemplation. That made Kevin hesitate to make any moves.

Kevin looked at the shining pair of red eyes and came to a conclusion. This man did not fall for the trick that his mother was kidnapped; rather, he came here willingly.

So, to get the book…would be troublesome. But not too troublesome.

"Oh? What aspect of me makes you think of yourself?" Kevin asked. He was also a bit curious, it was rare to see people as young as Han Li seemed, who were capable of making him have second thoughts.

In his eyes, Han Li was just a teenager just past his third Awakening. Just like in Han Li's eyes, he was a kid who had Evolved. "Cunning, Ruthless, Ambitious. That's what I see you as, what? Are you not?"

The sword had already started feeling as if it was in his own hands. So, Han Li didn't mind more conversations anymore.

"Hm…" Kevin rubbed his chin. So, I was a demon. It was a new realization for him since he hadn't bothered to think about it before.

But feeling the confirmation felt good. A demon. Someone who would kill his own family, friends, lovers, and even babies to achieve their goal. Indeed, only a title like that suited him.

Kevin then frowned and looked at Han Li. Then, he said in a confused voice, "That doesn't make any sense. If you were also a demon, why would you care about your Mom? I heard 'you care for her like a Queen in the myths'. Did my servant lie to me?"

He glared at Shan Shan as he asked that.

Han Li smiled. "Indeed, your servant didn't lie, I do care for her like a Queen and I plan to do exactly that later today."

Kevin flinched in disgust. Then, he said with a shake of his head, "I really felt some admiration for you for a second. Well, I will leave it at that. Where is the book? Give it to me and I will give you your mother."

Trying didn't hurt.

Han Li smiled at them both. What kind of idiot would fall for such an obvious trick?

Even if he had to come and give the book, he would do that after getting his mother back. Keeping the book in a hidden place till the people were safe was the cheapest trick on the list.

"Well, it seems it will rain heavily soon. So let's finish the business I came here for." His red eyes started shining and Kevin instinctively frowned.

"I the inheritor of Ancient Lust call upon the Sword of Life." Han Li said with a chuckle and the sword behind Kevin tremored.

He looked back and immediately knew he had been played. Taking the hilt of the sword by force, he didn't hesitate and with his immense power, threw it away as far as he could.

It vanished into the dark forest.

"As I expected," Kevin said icily, "That book must've contained the method to use the sword."

Han Li looked at him. As casual as ever. "You should beware when playing around with other's toys. And one more thing, Demons don't mean killers and mass murderers."

Kevin looked at him and didn't play around, with a serious face, he commanded the feather-like hairs in his body to split up and start floating by his side.

"Tell me where the book is and I will leave you. Or I would use your body to bargain with your mother. One way or the other, it's nothing good for your 'Queen' and let me warn you. Even if you had the sword, you would be no match for me."

His body was harder than boulders and his speed was faster than an Awakened could capture. If Han Li wanted to play, he would suffer.

Kevin knew it,  Shan Shan who was silently moving away knew it, Han Li knew it. No Awakened can stand on equal terms with an Evolved.

Even being restrained enough not to harm Han Li already was Kevin's great patience at the show.

But Kevin had not one thing that he had. Enemies at the same level as himself.

"You are quite like me after she died, but you are also different from me. You are cunning, talented, and ruthless. But your Enemy just happened to be much better than you.

The sword trembled in the corner below a tree. It's rust started to fall off but at the same time, blood started to seep out of it. As if it was bleeding, and immediately, the clouds above started to churn and a bolt of lightning flashed in the sky.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46 - 46: Demon's [III]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Due to the aura of the sword, the whole area was affected and the impending rain was forced to fall earlier. A downpour that wetted the three men's faces.

Kevin's eyes grew cold. It was no longer as simple as a treasure hunt when his heart began beating in anxiety.

He made the feather move in for the kill. It whooshed towards Han Li at a speed he could never react. But a second later, they slowed down.

A shining red sword flashed in his gaze and before his very eyes. Like a dance of swordplay, the feathers were parried to the side. The feathers were as strong as steel or it would have been cut in two.

Kevin immediately looked back at where he threw the sword. It was no longer there.

It had reached back Han Li when he was speaking and hesitating.

'The Sword has the power to float by itself! And…why is it shining like that now? That swordplay. An Awakened Master of Swords? No! It seems better than that.

But how is that possible?' Kevin was full of questions but he didn't rush.

'He is just an Awakened!'

He was still not at all afraid or even really worried. He only grew more excited. This was it, a fortune worth fighting for.

And with a little Awakened at that.

Han Li looked at him as the glowing sword lightened his calm face. Only someone who had a Life-Dao-related Spark could ever truly handle this sword.

And when it's sheathed and bathed with such a Spark, it will light up in the Spark's color.

But it won't help him fight head-on with an Evolved. With the sword's sharpness and his mastery of Sword arts that he had spent centuries honing, he could massacre the Awakened Stage cultivators even if they came at him in a horde.

But against an Evolution Stage. It was impossible to even stay alive for a minute.

Han Li smiled. But he didn't have to worry about the Raven guy anymore.

Just as Kevin was about to move towards him and attack from close range. He paused. Some blood started to leak from his mouth. And he fell back.

He attempted to remain upright, but his body betrayed him, and he found himself on the ground, panting heavily.

Han Li casually walked next to him and placed the tip of the sword in his mouth. "Anybody who used this sword dies if others take ownership of it. Don't be ashamed, it took me one death to figure it out myself."

The sword penetrated the head and blood leaked out through the back. Kevin's chaotic eyes lost their shine and he died.

Shan Shan couldn't see it clearly but he could make out what was happening. He fearfully looked in Han Li's direction. The only source of light was the shining sword.

Smilingly, Han Li said to Shan Shan, "This guy is quite lucky. Last time I killed him much more gruesomely. I let the pigs eat his innards while he was alive, it was an amusing sight. But of course, I am not strong enough to do that now."

When he killed Kevin in the last life, he was already an Evolution Stage Cultivator. Thus, was much stronger than Kevin in both body and magical powers.

This time, he had to rely on wit. And even that was a close call if something went wrong.

Shan Shan shivered as the cold winds of the rain outside traveled through the woods and howled in its passing.

"Hmm… Now you can also die." Han Li said, his gaze focusing on the wan, yellow-faced elderly who was scared stiff and strugglingly moving away.

"NO! Young master, you can take me as a slave!" He yelled out but didn't stop moving back in fear. "I have a Gu planted in me to control me, it's in his hands!"

"Too bothersome for a useless trash." The light of the bright sword flashed and this time, Han Li cleanly severed off the head.

Of course, he didn't let the blood fall on his white clothes. That would have been a shame.

As the old man's body silently fell on the ground. Han Li breathed out. That was two worms out of his life.

But at the same time, a vulnerability was added to his life. He looked at the sword and made the Lust Spark that was now coating the sword and making it bright go back into the Empty space inside his body.

The sword returned to its previous appearance of an ancient piece of metal. This sword was something extremely special. Created out of the Sacred Lust Demon's bones itself.

It was an extremely potent weapon and named the Sword of Life by the Ancient Demon. It was also part of the Ancient Lust Inheritance that he had acknowledged.

One of the seven Sacred Eyes — Three Life Eyes.

A Power Spark and Cultivation Method filled with Guidance — Lust Spark. And Demonic Lust Sutra, the black book.

All three of these things consisted of the entire inheritance left behind by one of the seven strongest beings to have ever lived and breathed the Air of the Seven Continents.

Sacred Lust Demon.

But unlike the other two powers that were solely advantageous, the Sword was different. If someone can steal it from him and make the signatures of his Sparks energy inside it vanish. He will immediately die.

That was the exact thing that happened when he died last time. He had never known such a weakness of his and that cost him his life. But this time, it will be different.

He then looked down at the two corpses leaking blood. Without any hesitation, he checked their pockets for loot and soon found a single Gu Worm in Kevin's hands. It was dead since the other part of it died inside Shan Shan's body.

Also, He stumbled upon a few Sacred Coins, but they amounted to too little to be cared for, worth less than 100.

Kevin was rarely out of his home and he wasn't the type to carry money.

He then checked Shan Shan and found some good money. Indeed, such people were much better. The petty old scammers always had a lot of money.

Then he thought about whether to bury the bodies. If the Power Birth level chief of the Raven Clan came and had a look, Han Li would be immediately caught since they all had powerful souls and could easily track others by remnant Energy.

Even though the sword made it so that his Energy wouldn't have leaked, there was nothing in being cautious.

He dragged their bodies through the mud and soon found a good location. Then, using the sword, he dug the ground for about an hour and buried both bodies in it. He was an expert in such things, so there were not even any clues left.

By the end of the whole ordeal, even the foliage couldn't stop the rain from falling inside. It was a heavy downpour and that made Han Li's whole body soaked.

But that also made the blood on the ground slowly spread out and vanish from sight.

"Uh… my clothes got dirty anyway." Han Li sighed. He mostly only had white clothes, that was an issue.

Nevertheless, with a smirk, he turned around and walked home. As he left the forest, the rain fell on him even harder. But he just casually walked. The ceremony would be held back anyway.

As for guilt in killing others?

Han Li had already gone over and discarded such useless thoughts in the five centuries of his previous life.

If Kevin was a demon of sorts… Han Li was the Great Demon. A True demon who truly understood what it meant to be a demon.

Not some young boy who had the potential for Demonism; he was someone who had embraced that ideal long ago.

These people didn't even know yet what being one meant.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47 - 47: Being back home in their warmth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Due to the heavy rain, the crowd was far lower, and the earlier irritated young man was nowhere to be seen. The rain was still heavily falling but the burly guard still kept check on whoever entered and went out.

He didn't want anyone without permission to enter. Like an unauthorized Evolution Stage cultivator from the other two clans.

There was a history of such things happening, so the clan had to be cautious. But that was troublesome for Han Li since he didn't want others to see his sword yet.

That could be associated with the merchant who went missing since he had been attempting to sell it in the town. Or if someone had seen Kevin with the sword, that would bring even more trouble.

So walking through the Gateway without showing the sword took some time, but his own clothes transformed into a makeshift sheath did the deal. Perfectly hiding the sword.

Luckily, the rain was a cover for his naked torso or people would have ended up focusing on him. Making him a center of attention was the last thing he wanted.

Walking through the rain, Han Li soon reached near his home and knocked. As expected, his mother opened it some minutes later.

Seeing him, she relievedly sighed at first but then immediately brought him inside.

"You are so wet," She scolded, drying his hair with a towel. "Where were you?"

Han Li comfortably enjoyed the sensation and asked instead of answering, "Where is Liyue?"

"It's raining heavily and her mother must be alone at home. She went to accompany her." Yue Li dried his head from all sides with a frown. "You really might catch a cold."

Han Li took the towel away and put it to the side, then looked at his mother's worried expression. "What happened to the Awakening Ceremony?"

"It will continue later when there is no rain," Yue Li answered.

Han Li's face gently moved closer to hers and his lips connected to hers. They closed their eyes and his tongue seamlessly entered inside her mouth.

They just kissed each other like that for a long while before they parted. Yue Li looked at him with a much more serene heart.

"What is that inside your clothes?" she asked curiously. He had that with him when he entered.

"That's some sacred coins, and something else. I will show it to you but let's kiss for now." Han Li moved for another kiss.

Yue Li didn't reject and they enjoyed it.

"Isn't it just beautiful mom?" Han Li asked while patting her face. Her cheeks were slightly cold because of the rain but her face seemed so warm.

"What is?" Yue Li looked at him in question.

"Heavy rain going on outside, the room we are in dark, and we are just together, alone. As if no problems exist anymore. Just you and me, kissing and fooling around to our heart's content." He couldn't help but steal another kiss.

"…It is beautiful," she said. She wouldn't lie, her heart was feeling very fuzzy.

Luckily Liyue didn't come with her! Luckily!

Han Li looked at her beautiful face. "Cute," he praised.

"Sweet mouth," she replied even though a smile was beaming on her.

Too in love at the moment to care about the sword, Han Li took his mother and lovingly led her to the room. She went along with him with a smile.

Fine…

Reaching their room, Han Li immediately brought her into his embrace and fell on the bed.

They kissed once more, and their warm breaths mingled together. Yue Li looked at his red eyes and said, "I thought about something a lot, Xiao Li."

"About what?" Han Li asked and once more, kissed her.

"About us. I now know what we are."

"Oh… what are we?" Han Li kissed her once more.

"We are simps. Simps for each other," Yue Li said with confidence.

"What is that?" Han Li curiously asked. But this time, Yue Li kissed him and he could only comply.

"Mom, you smell nice." They cuddled, kissed, and just flirted like that.

He was slowly becoming addicted to this feeling. He wanted to just lay there forever and spend his life away like this.

Stopping the kisses, he just hugged her tightly and stayed like that for a while. "I love you, mom. Never, ever think of leaving me."

"…I never can. I am too dumb as you said, How will I ever live without you?" Yue Li muttered with indignation while being on top of him.

"Mom, I brought the Gift I said earlier. Two gifts actually. I will give it to you later."

"What gift?" Yue Li asked but she was too lost in admiring her son's face. Even though she was fully clothed, Han Li was far from that. He only had his pants and while being right on top of him, she felt everything very sensitively.

His thing was hard and standing. He was aroused.

"A special Gift that will make you happy. I am sure it will put a smile on that beautiful face of yours." Even as Han Li was saying that he was also undoing his mother's robes and by the end of it, he could vividly feel her boobs pushing against his firm chest.

At the same time, using her legs, and also helping out a bit with her hands, she undid his pants. It was easy since it was loose.

Immediately, his penis nestled in between her thighs and he could vividly feel her heat vividly against it.

She didn't hesitate and kissed him once more. Han Li laughingly wrapped his hands around her and she raised her hips just enough to let her son's cock in.

His cock's head touched and peeked into her insides. He nodded. "It's wet enough."

Yue Li moved back her hips and it gently slid into her insides, parting her layers slowly and filling it.

She took a deep breath as her stomach fluttered.

They stayed like that for a long while. Han Li could perfectly feel the warmth surrounding his dick.

Then, his hands moved and fondled her ass for a second. He said, "I am feeling sleepy since I didn't sleep one bit yesterday. I can sleep like this from now right?"

Yue Li's face flushed slightly but she nodded regardless. But then whispered, "I will have to do it even if you fell asleep though… You made me too aroused."

"Okay." Han Li closed his eyes and in the comfort of his mother, gently fell asleep.

Not sleeping for a night was one thing, using the Sword with his full energy was another. It had drained him severely and he was extremely tired.

Yue Li had seen it in his face, so she didn't mind. But even as he fell asleep, she tried to move her waist to enjoy it. But feeling that it didn't give her the genuine pleasure as last time, she just took the blanket and slept next to him.

But his hands didn't forget to find their rightful place in sleep and were soon on her crotch and boobs. As she heaved with a red face, his fingers played with her insides while his other hand fondled her breasts, and before she knew it, she was cumming.

Indeed, she liked it much more when he was proactive.

But even as she was enjoying the aftertaste, he lifted her and put her back on top of him. Then put his dick back into her vagina,

"Don't move again, and just sleep," he muttered and fell asleep.

Yue Li couldn't help but have another orgasm due to the sudden stimulation. Han Li smiled in contentment with his eyes closed, his semen also filling her insides.

It was easy for them to have orgasms since even being near each other was kind of a turn-on for them at times.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48 - 48: Unpacking the Sword and the unique Rust
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The rain continued for another few hours before it started to slowly settle. The clouds parted and the sun shined down. The birds that were exposed to rain flapped their wings and shook themselves to get the water out.

The puddles were filled with frogs creaking and jumping around.

A rainbow was faintly visible in the dome of heavens. The merchants were finally removing the covers that they had used to protect their wares and children were once again out at the playgrounds with smiling faces and chuckling groups.

In Han Li's humble abode, Han Li and Yue Li were just awake and in their kitchen. They wanted to cook something up before heading out.

"Show me the gift, Xiao Li," Yue Li said, washing her face in cold water. It immediately woke her up.

Han Li took the still kind of wet clothes that wrapped the loot and spread it open. "I will show you, let me assort them first."

He first took the sword and placed it to the side.

Yue Li glanced at the things and saw many sacred coins spread to the side, she frowned. His actions had been suspicious for a while.

"What have you been up to?" she asked, more worried than curious.

Han Li paused, but then said, "I was out along with Uncle Li, We were scouring the merchants and shops of the outsiders and indeed, some interesting things caught my attention."

His story had many loopholes but his mom wasn't one to check on such things. And if she did indeed end up figuring it out, he didn't mind telling her the truth.

Even if he wanted to make her not participate in things such as murders, this world had more darkness than he could hide. One day or the other, she will come to see that darkness for herself. Making her ready for that was his duty.

But he would never let her innocence be ruined due to that. All of that needed him to do it slow and steady.

Yue Li nodded after hearing he was with the fatty.

"What are these things anyway?" she came closer and squatted next to him, looking at the things in his hands.

"These are raven feathers, often seen in Raven beasts and such. It can make you a great Knife to train with. I will have to work on it though."

She nodded, her gaze resting on the ancient sword. Her eyes slightly shined. "What about this?"

"That's my weapon." Han Li looked at it. "It's extremely sharp and harmful, don't even touch the edges."

She nodded and gently took it by the hilt. Taking it up in the air, she looked at it.

It was about half of her own size. Roughly a meter long. But It was full of rough edges and there were a lot of rust marks on it.

"It looks cool," Yue Li praised.

Han Li sorted out the coins to the side and looked at her with a smile. "Right? But it's very showy when it is in it's true form."

"True form?!" Yue Li trembled. "You mean it has another form?"

Han Li took the sword from her hand and the thing slowly lit up in blood-red brilliance.

Yue Li looked at it with wide eyes and a gaping mouth. Han Li turned off the spark.

"This is the way to use it, it's a bit sharper if you do so and I can use the Spark inside me a bit better. But those don't make much difference in the end since it is still based on my own powers. True cultivation beats all outside help."

Yue Li looked at him enviously. He got such a nice sword and she was being given an old-fashioned knife.

She pouted.

"By the way, Mom, don't pout." Han Li put the sword to the side and brought Yue Li closer. "You always said you liked stories right? Look at the sword's rust marks and it will tell you a story if you cast your spark on it."

Yue Li grew curious and used her blue spark on it. It didn't do much but as Han Li said, she focused on the Rust. The rust transformed in her mystical third sense, soul sense, and an image came to her vision instead.

"A tree?" she asked, awed.

"That makes up a whole story, so you can now read it when you are bored. It's also a sort of education for you."

As Yue Li examined it with an eager face, Han Li patted her butt. "Go cook first."

Smiling, she asked, "Did you already read it?"

Han Li looked at her sideways. Of course, he had, but he still said, "No, we will read it together."

His mother smiled like a flower, her drowsiness after sleep vanishing as she turned and went to the fire. Cooking time! And this time, she had meat!

It was at this moment that someone knocked on the door. "It must be Liyue," Yue Li said.

Han Li went for the door and opened it. As expected, it was Liyue but she had a weird expression filled with a frown.

"What happened?" he asked as she entered curtly.

Liyue would have been usually nervous but she was far too baffled by the outrageous situation that happened today. "Do you remember the person I was supposed to marry?"

Walking to the kitchen, Han Li nodded. He remembered that irritated young man.

"I think he went crazy for some reason…" Reaching that point, Liyue couldn't stop a chuckle.

"Oh, what happened Liyue?" Yue Li asked with a smile as she prepared the pot.

"No, this Li Ming person…" Liyue said, barely stopping the smile, "He is running around the city saying he was enlightened. And someone asked what he was enlightened on."

Han Li curiously listened.

"He was meant for the men, not the women, he says." Liyue couldn't stop smiling anymore and even Han Li chuckled.

Yue Li was the only one who hadn't even seen the young man before, so she was a bit confused. Nevertheless, she also smiled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49 - 49: Attempt at Evolution by a baldy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Awakening Ceremony area. The risen white flag was wet and the surroundings also had little puddles. But as the time for the continuation of the ceremony approached, people started to crowd the area one by one.

This monthly event was held not only for the younglings to Awaken but also for the adults to mingle with each other. Starlight Family was a big Clan, having more than 500 people under its banner. But its solidarity among the people was weak.

Many people didn't even know each other. So this event was one in which kids could get to stand out among their peers and Strong could properly set their hierarchy.

This was where they planted the seeds of respect in people's minds. If on such a day, an outsider makes an issue, they will be killed and risen on the white flagpole to show the might of the higher-ups.

The times when the flag had become red weren't low.

Even though the clan's history barely went to one century and some years, it wasn't to be underestimated. Especially when at its helm was a Cultivator at the 4th Stage of Cultivation — Power Birth.

As Han Li, his mother, and his fiancee stood in an inconspicuous corner and looked towards the stage. One by one, the people about to go through their third Awakening were going upstage and soon, there were 3 people aged exactly 18 on stage.

A man in white clothes, his face radiating the energy of youth and his long black hair cascading toward the ground stood behind them. He seemed like the picture of a mature man that women would dream of in their poetic dreams. His casual white robes flying in the wind.

But Han Li wasn't focused on such things. He looked at the man's black eyes that seemed like the night sky. The way he casually stood there with a gentle smile.

There might be idiots at the Awakening Stage and Evolution Stage. But if any person, no matter who, could stand on the lands as a Stage 3 Power Born individual, he would be a force to reckon with.

Han Li especially knew what this man was capable of.

He had once saved him in a desperate moment when the Raven Clan head had attempted to murder him after he hot-bloodedly killed the Evolved, Kevin Raven, in his previous life.

This man was quite strong, Starlight Head Li Xingguang. But Han Li didn't care if he was a saint in his past life. For now, he only looked at his whole body and wondered, 'Is he as strong as me when I reached the 4th Stage?'

It was rather improbable since he had the Sword of Life and also a wide arsenal of powers at his disposal.

Yue Li said from the side, "When I first saw this chief, I was very afraid. I was so~ nervous when I had to have my Third Awakening… I succeded in the end though."

Even though she failed her Evolution some days later.

Han Li nodded and looked at Liyue.

She looked at the stage and said, "I had mine two weeks ago…But I was not really nervous since I didn't care if I failed. But since I succeeded anyway, I don't plan to try Evolution anytime soon."

Han Li pondered but nodded regardless.

As they were in the middle of this discussion, the two men and one woman started their Third Awakening. Unlike the earlier children, they had confident faces, and as Li Xingguang guided them from the back, they gently made their Spark go out of their empty space and into the outside world.

All of them were white with a tinge of gold and they were all the size of a baby's fist. Except one of the young men who had a two-baby-fist-sized Starlight Spark.

It was just a baby fist size away from High-Level talent in either body or soul. But he was not that lucky, but not totally unlucky either.

If he evolved, his empty Space would be 4 Meters in diameter. That was better than average.

Just at Han Li's current level.

After having sex with his mother yesterday, he had once again absorbed a bit more Energy and that had once again, made his Cultivation Talent as a whole rise.

For now, he could see 2 meters around himself if his Spark was turned on. Two or three more days of fun with her and his Talent should barely fit the High Level.

But that would only be in one of the two talents, Body Cultivation talent since all the energy he absorbed was from her body instead of soul. To make them both High and Fuse them into Sacred Talent was the harder part. It would need soul energy and for that, he needed to…

As Han Li was deep in thought, the three went down the platform with happy smiles and a new person went up. This person was a man with fair skin and a bald head.

Reaching the center of the platform, he nodded to the head of the clan and bowed to the audience. Then somberly sat cross-legged on the stage.

Most of the crowd bowed back in return and wished for good fortune. While the Clan Head spoke for the first time. "In all of our years as a Clan, we had barely had 11 people at the 2nd Stage of Cultivation, Evolution, Young friend Li Yun, I hope you succeed."

Li Yun took a deep breath and nodded. If he succeeded, his lifespan would increase and his status would change drastically. If he failed, he would have to live with a painful disorder of some form that he had no control over.

Yue Li, Liyue, and all the others started to feel nervous and their hands clenched in support. If this person succeeded, it would be like breathing fresh air into the clan.

Han Li, on the other hand, was calm. His gem-like red eyes shining in its calmness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50 - 50: Rising in the Wind like Ashes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mom, look at him. And understand what you will go through in your Evolution." Han LI said from the side, making Yue Li even more focused.

Li Yun sat above the platform in the lotus position and Li Xingguang stood to the side. Giving him some last-minute advice, "No matter how painful it might be, no matter how blurry your head gets, don't give up. If you surpass that one moment of weakness, you will no longer be the you of this moment."

Nodding, Li Yun closed his eyes and got his mind into a calm and meditative state.

Yue Li was familiar with the process since she had also gone through the same. Even though her talent was non-existent and she failed, she knew the process. But Liyue was very much clueless since Evolution was quite far from her.

"Evolution is the first barrier in a man's cultivation," Han Li said, "It is where the true legendary cultivators who still have their name sung throughout the generations find their confidence. This trial, it is as much of a blessing as it is a curse."

Liyue and Yue Li nodded.

Breathing calmly, Liyun made his hands rest on his lap, and a white spark started to burn on his palm. It was his Starlight Spark.

"A 3 baby-fist-sized Spark. He should have a High-Level Soul Cultivation talent," Han Li said with a pondering face.

Yue Li raised an eyebrow. "Why not Body Cultivation Talent?"

"Because his Spark is of Ethereal type and not Transformation Type."

A cool wind passed by them and the silent audience calmly looked at Li Yun. He looked back at them and started to go through his Evolution attempt.

Rising his hands lit up in the beautiful white spark. He commanded the spark to leave his hands just like he had once made it leave the barriers.

It was slow, but the spark slowly started to rise up and soon left his hand by an inch. The place turned dead silent.

Han Li whispered, "A cultivator of the Ethereal type makes their Spark leave the confines of their body. That will make their senses expand."

Feeling a slow headache building up, Li Yun calmed his mind as much as he could.

"But that leaves them unprotected. This time, it is not going to be a gentle expansion of senses like it was when we Awakened, it will be Senses on a whole other level. He could even sense an ant's footsteps in a 6-meter radius of him. And that comes with a severe toll on our psyches."

Li Yun gritted his teeth, all around him, he could feel it. There was dust flying around, and a faint sensation of coldness lingered after the rain. Some people in that radius smelled horrible.

All these senses assaulted his brain with no barriers. At the same time, he felt as if he had left his body behind.

Yet, the weakening heartbeats of his own sounded clear to him. He felt as if he was losing himself.

"Steady your breathing," said a calm but loud voice.

Li Yun instinctively did as it said.

"Let your heart beat freely, don't try to constrain it."

He felt as if he would really lose himself if he let it beat freely. He kept his heart tight.

Han Li shook his head from the seating area in pity. But he was as calm as ever.

When the Spark first comes out of the body, it is the same as a dead Power Born's Spark rising up to the sky. The world will attract it.

And thus the connection the Cultivator feels with it will keep reducing and reducing. But if they let that feeling dominate them. It was over.

This was taught multiple times to these people by their seniors. But at that moment, they just end up losing themselves.

The Spark rose higher and higher from the man for a while before it vanished like a flame in the wind.

The whole crowd turned silent. Li Yun opened his eyes with a bitter expression and before he could do anything, coughed up some blood.

Li Xingguang sighed and patted his back. He didn't say anything and Li Yun's eyes leaked some bit of tears.

But the man held it back and wiped his face before standing up.

The Head of the clan looked at the man for a second. Li Yun clenched his hands.

"Don't be bitter… Cultivation is like this…" Li Xingguang looked at the people and sighed once more.

"Hea…Family Head, did I fail because my mind wasn't strong enough? Because I didn't let my heart beat freely as you said?" He asked. He could already feel his chest starting to ache weakly, that was probably his disease from now.

"Maybe? I don't know. It is a battle with the world to take the Spark under your control… I just advised what I felt were good methods. Even I don't know what really is the reason for your failure."

Han Li looked at the interaction with a raised brow. On a day when they were supposed to show the clan their strength, the Head himself was showing his weakness.

On the other hand, he was also rather sure the Head should know the real reason for the Failure. It was simply a weak mind.

In that moment of Breakthrough, the mind should be empty of any other thought and focus entirely on the Spark.

And this man had directly focused on something like his heart. It was just courting failure.

"But not all hope is lost, Young Friend Li Yun," The Head said, "They say heavens always leave a path open. Maybe, you might not be someone who will soar high into the sky, but what about your descendants? They will make you proud. They are our hope for the future."

Li Yun sighed.

"Indeed, not all… are meant for the path of cultivation."

Xingguang patted his back and turned around with a smile. Soon, his figure faded into the surroundings and he vanished.

Han Li looked at the scene with deep eyes. So, Xingguang doesn't really care much about the impression of the clan and is just doing everything while he's at it.

No wonder. If this man really cared, the clan should've been much more united.

But Han Li knew he was the same. The higher the Stage of cultivation you reached, the more meaningless a Clan or Family became.

Of course, he would never think like that about Yue Li. Since she was half his reason for existing.

But a Clan under him or something like that?

They were always more of a burden than an asset. He would never want one if it didn't really help in his ambition.

Most wouldn't willingly take that burden to heart. Especially when they knew most of the clan members were just going to live for 100 years at most and they would live far more than that.

Even the Head himself was more than 200 years old after all.

But still, the man was experienced enough to push any probable suicidal thoughts away from Li Yun, he gave Li Yun some hope to look forward to before heading off.

But, by the way that he acted, Han Li could tell he didn't really care too much about anything happening here.

'I didn't remember him like that…' he contemplated. 'Indeed, my past self at this age was far too naive. I shouldn't completely rely on those memories as judgment.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51 - 51: Talent of his Fiancee
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the Evolution Ceremony, Yue Li and Liyue had saddened faces and were rather emotional. But Han Li made them walk home.

Once back, he started his teaching immediately.

"Tell me, Mom. What did you learn? And why do you think he failed?" He asked. That was the reason he went there anyway.

Yue Li sat on the bed crosslegged alongside Liyue who had a curious face as she listened on.

During this trip, she had come to know that her fiance was a very educated person. He was knowledgeable about cultivation.

As far as she hard, he only spoke about basic things that anyone could read and understand. But there was this genuine sense of confidence in his words. As if he knew his words were true and absolute.

"Did he fail because he didn't let his heart free?" Yue Li asked, curious.

Even the chief didn't know the secret after all.

Han Li then looked at Liyue.

For a second, she was confused, but then asked, "Is it because he let the Spark fly too high? It seemed like it was going away from him."

Shaking his head, Han Li said, "I don't know for sure but I am sure of one thing. The man was afraid in the whole ordeal even though he seemed calm and casual."

"Afraid?"

"Look at his age. That in itself says he is a very cowardly person," Han Li pointed out, "He could have had his Evolution attempt any day after 18. But the fact that he let it go until 37 makes it obvious he was afraid."

The girls became silent.

It was true. Most people push away Evolution in fear and only when they feel that they might soon near their lifespan's end will they attempt it.

But by 50 and such years, it becomes impossible to really achieve Evolution. So usually, people do it at their 35 or some daring ones even during their twenties.

Most didn't want to live in pain. It was only natural that many feared the outcome.

Especially when they hear commonly of people their own age, their friends, failing their Evolution. They just push it aside.

"He was even afraid at that precious moment, That's an absolute no. That is why I say mental training is a must before you attempt Evolution."

"I am training my mind too?" asked Yue Li in intrigue.

"What do you think training in Knife does to you? If you became an Awakened Master of Knives, your mind will be focused enough to cut a fly as it passed by you by predicting its movements."

That made her pause. She wouldn't lie, that seemed slightly cool.

"As for you Liyue, you will also have to choose a weapon and train under me."

Liyue hesitated. She didn't really care about Evolving… but she nodded in the end.

"I said it before and I'll say it again." He looked straight into their eyes, "If you do what I say, just as I say. Evolution won't be that great of a barrier for us. At least, the Ethereal Sparks have it much better in Evolution. Do you know what the Transformation Types have to go through?"

The girls shook their heads.

Han Li smirked, half of his face exposed to the bright sunlight streaming in through the windows."I am telling you, you don't want to go through that. If they are of the Raven Clan for example, in their attempt on Evolution, their whole physique changes.

"Their hair gets torn from the scalp and feathers grow out to replace it. Their skin gets torn and then gets replaced with more rougher skin like that of leather. And as all this is going on, they can't even faint. If they faint, their disabilities are nothing like that of some Li Yun. They become permanent wastes."

Yue Li and Liyue had their faces gradually go pale.

"Isn't the Transformation type's Evolution much harsher than the Ethereal… are they that strong?"

"No, they are only just as capable as Ethereals. But Ethereals have an easier path but lower chances. It's hard to even figure out how they failed." Ethereal was Ethereal, not many can really understand its rules and functions that easily.

Even Han Li himself would never dare to say he knew what it all meant. He was also just like them, a normal Cultivator. He just had far more experience than them.

If he had to choose one of the two, Transformation or Ethereal as his Evolution, he would go for Transformation. With that, he had some kind of assurance in what he was facing.

But with this one, he couldn't really know his enemy. And an unknown Enemy was always more dangerous. So, before his own and his Mother's Evolution, he would like to make their chances as high as possible.

He was almost certain that he would not fail. Among the ones who succeded, his mind would always be better. As for his body, it was just average now, but he had plans to train it heavily before ever attempting Evolution.

There was almost nothing that Han Li lacked in comparison to the best Awakened Cultivators to ever exist. But his Mother and Liyue were far from that.

Yue Li certainly had her talent, but her mind was far too unfocused. Liyue was extremely indecisive too.

They were like fluffy clouds. They looked cute and were very hug-worthy. But the cultivation world didn't lack clouds.

What they needed to become was sharp metal. But at the same time, Han Li didn't want them to lose their innocence.

"From now, this very moment. We begin our training once more," Han Li calmly said, "Mom, you go take your knife and Liyue, For now, just watch. We will go to the weapon shop later and choose your weapon."

And reaching there, Han Li also realized that he hadn't checked how talented she was.

"Show me your Spark too."

Liyue opened up her palm and a baby-fist-sized white Starlight Spark lit up on top of it.

Han Li's eyelids twitched.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52 - 52: Looking ahead
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whoosh. Tak.

A carrot's end was barely cut straight and Yue Li cleared the sweat away from her forehead. She also put away her Spark and breathed ruggedly.

"Not even nearly at Average proficiency but there is progress," Han Li nodded and then looked at Liyue who was walking around the room with a long stick in her hands.

He had wanted to take her to the weapon shop but still tried out some things that were in their home to see whether any of them suited her.

And indeed a long stick, or a makeshift spear, really suited her. Even her nervous attitude suited the weapon clearly. Of course, the spear had its dominant sides that she ill have to learn.

But just like Yue Li, she had no talent for coordinating herself while her Senses were expanded because of the Spark. So, she was doing exactly what Yue Li did on the first day.

Trying to walk with the Spark at hand. At first, she was very embarrassed to do such things but seeing Yue Li do what he said, she also followed.

Han Li looked at her sweating profusely as she walked and nodded in approval. This kind of training was also given to Adults who chose to have their Evolution in the clan.

Even Li Yun would have been given some of these pieces of training for the last few weeks by one of the Eleven Evolved before he chose to go through his Evolution. But the Clan never bothers to attempt to make someone a master at something.

Being as proficient as a Master at something was not just up to training. Talent, circumstances, and suitability all mattered.

The most that training alone can make some reach would be High Proficiency. As for true Mastery of any Stage on any weapon, to reach it meant you were part of the Elites of your Stage.

Seeing that they were doing fine, he chose to focus on his own matters. He had to train his body to strength after all.

They would also have to start doing it, but for now, he decided to let them focus on their senses and self-control first.

Taking out his white robe, he got comfortable in some tight white pants and started doing some pushups, The girls looked at him for a while and then focused back on their own training.

Han Li's body was on the slimmer side and his muscles were not very prominent. But his body overall felt like someone who had worked for his food.

It wasn't eye-catching and handsome, but it wasn't in any way ugly.

"Don't focus on me and just keep your training up. Do not slack even if you feel there is no progress."

The girls nodded to themselves and started putting in more effort. Even Liyue who was at first reluctant to put in effort was feeling enthusiastic.

It was natural since as it was the start, they could obviously feel some progress. But the hard part was when they didn't feel any progress. They would really start to feel weary then.

Han Li put them out of his mind and focused on his own pushups. Even taking twenty, he was already feeling the urge to stop. But he didn't and continued.

50…60. Sixty was the limit his body could take, so he rested and stood to the side. Doing exercises like those without proper warming up was a stupid plan.

But he just wanted to see his limits for now.

60 was a weak amount for his hands to start giving up. So it will take him a considerable amount of effort to get his body in an overall great condition.

If he had Evolved, he could have chosen to practice a Body Cultivation Method but for Awakening, there was nothing like that. Only Magical Resources and raw hard work amounted to something.

Breathing calmly, he pondered. It would take months, no, years for his body to become an actually perfect mortal body. But with some unique resources, that could change.

Luck-Chat System would be a major support in this goal. But he would still have to gain resources of equal value and kind to Trade with it.

As he was thinking of it, he also thought about his talent. Delving his senses into his 'Empty Space' his Red glaring Spark was surrounded by the harsh darkness.

And moving the Spark towards the outside, he could feel two steps was the limit.

He brought it out. His Spark was already two-baby-fist sized and he could now sense everything in a 2 meter radius of himself.

'My current Talent should be Average at both Soul and Body. But my Body Talent should be slightly better.'

In Lust Spark absorbing Energy from sex, it mostly absorbed his and his mother's Lust and it usually drained Yue Li's Energy to give it to him.

But the drained Energy can be replenished by Yue Li through the Energy outside. But the absorbed Energy was used not only as replenishment for Han Li but also as a potential heightening Energy.

It was used to directly increase his limits.

'Life Dao really is profound…' Han Li sighed, 'Even though I once wielded its powers I still can't understand its limits. But this time for sure, I will know what it really is.'

For now, he extended his hand to the side of the bed and took out a cloth-wrapped sword. Uncovering it, he looked at it with focus.

Even if someone else got their hands on the sword, they could never easily bind it to them. But if someone who was extremely good with the Dao of Life or someone…

Someone who was an inheritor of one of the other 6 Sacred Eyes and by proxy a Sacred Demon inheritor were to get his hands on it. It was basically giving Han Li's life to their hands.

They were the only type who could steal his sword. That was why when Yue Li used her Spark on his Sword, he had no fear.

As for Kevin who bound the sword to himself. That was just the basics of the basic binding of a treasure like this. The man had attempted to use his own blood to make the sword his.

That was why when Han Li finally bound it for real using his Life Type Spark, Lust Spark, the sword had started bleeding out the blood that was forced into it.

But if, if someone else of Life type came and used his sword. That would be Han Li's death too.

This sword was a major weakness of his infront of some people like himself.

He had to be extremely cautious with it.

Huu...

He breathed out. Sacred Lust Continent might seem peaceful, but he had seen far too much to believe in that.

For now, everything was orderly and in control of the major powers of the continent. But for how long?

He knew it was not for long. Chaos will surely arise.

Only with strength that could literally awe armies can he stand against it when the time comes.

Armies with might that mortals couldn't even fathom.

For now though... he hid the crimson shine of his eyes.

It was time to train.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53 - 53: The old story
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once upon a time, long lost in the pages of history was an ancient tree.

It existed in the desolate world where no wind, earth, water, or fire had yet come to.

In nothingness, it existed as the sole something.

It looked vast, way bigger than anything a man could ever hope to see.

When the first signs of life started to appear in the world; the emptiness was filled with land, water, fire, and wind. The tree witnessed and withstood all that and stood watch over the birthing world calmly.

It wouldn't budge when the oceans at one part slammed into its humongous branches. It wouldn't flinch when a part of the forest on one side burned atop its roots. Its leaves, big enough to let giants take cover under it, were seen throughout the world.

The first creature to have ever been born looked at the tree in awe. The creature lived under its shade, breathed the air it provided, and drank the water slipping through its majestic leaves like a waterfall.

The creature didn't know what the tree was. It wasn't intelligent enough to tell this from that.

Until one day, the tree bore fruit.

The fruit in itself was humongous, way beyond the size of the unknown creature itself. But it climbed the vines, traveled the branches, fought the heinous weather, and slowly reached the fruit up above.

It didn't know how long it took to consume the fruit. Years? Months? Days?

Didn't know, the creature hadn't the concept of time. All it knew was it was wrapped in a comfortably red embrace as it chewed at the insides of his newfound dish.

And in due time, the fruit was entirely consumed. on a good day, the creature saw the shine of light again.

But this time, it was no longer the simple, mindless creature that had no mind of its own.

It stood mightily under the shade of the Ancient tree, looking up with tears in its eyes. Below its feet, it could see the waves of the once fearsome ocean slamming hard, in a different direction, there was a desert that stretched long.

It had become a giant. Its legs were deep enough to stretch into the ocean and still stand with its chest above water.

What was it? It didn't know. How did it come to be? It didn't know.

But even in its humongous form, it could only look up at the tree, at its massive crown that stretched above the sky itself.

Had it had the thoughts of an intelligent man, it would have thought, was the tree the pillar of heavens?

But no, the creature had yet to know himself. Nevertheless, amidst the calmness of the world and naivety of itself, one word came to its mind.

Life.

***

Sighing, Han Li gently put down the sword, his red spark of lust vanishing and hiding the unique rust back to its normalcy.

Yue Li and Liyue stood to the side with contemplative faces.

"It was said that in ancient times, every living was way bigger than the current humans or beasts. We are all small in comparison," he said, "It was the start of the Seven Demon Era."

The girls nodded with intrigued faces. History that old was always great to follow.

Liyue asked curiously, "Is that creature one of the Seven Sacred Demons?"

He gazed intently at the sword, running his fingers along its rusty surface before giving a nod, saying: "That creature is the Sacred Demon of Lust. One of the greatest lifeforms the world had yet seen."

There was more about him in the Rust but Han Li knew it was not yet time to tell them the rest of the story. Lust Demon's legendary tales were famous across the continent and artifacts like these were not rare.

The number of exaggerated stories about him was numerous. So, having a sword like this was not very suspicious. Except for the unique rust that might interest some people.

But this was not one of those ridiculous stories that were merely myth, this was the direct copy of history left behind by the Demon himself.

Yue Li took her cup and gently sipped on some tea. After their training in the morning, Han Li took out the sword and started telling the story.

The tea and snacks at the side were her contribution. She asked, "The story says Lust Demon is the first creature to have ever been born, is that true?"

Han Li's eyes twitched as he speechlessly looked at her. She just wanted to sound intelligent by asking at least something from the story. Liyue had asked after all.

"It says he was, so he should be," he speechlessly said and looked at them.

Today, both of them had spent enough time attempting to get their weapons, Knife or Spear, under control. And he already had some ideas of what they could do.

"You are more hard-working than I expected. Your form is good and if you continue to do this for a month or so, you should reach Average proficiency," Han Li said, looking at Liyue who was sitting on the side.

She was startled out of her thoughts and nodded.

Han Li smiled and looked at his mother who was throwing side eyes at him as she enjoyed her own tea. "A knife is a more common tool and you are familiar with it, so it will be easier for you to reach higher proficiency. Mastery will be hard but an Average and High level of proficiency won't be impossible for you to attain in a shorter time."

Yue Li put down the cup and looked at him with squinted eyes. "How long till I reach this Average Proficiency in Knife?"

"One or two more weeks at most and at this pace, you could be called average."

Smiling proudly, Yue Li elegantly took her cup and sipped some more tea.

"But don't be proud, for using it your whole life, today's progress is pitiful. You can barely cut a carrot," Han Li snorted, "I expected more from you."

Yue Li put the cup down and looked at him with a wronged expression. Han Li's heartstrings were touched and he moved next to her and patted her head. "It's good enough since you worked hard."

Sad, Yue Li muttered, "You have been too mean lately."

Smiling, he took the tea from her hands and sipped it. "Nice tea, thank you for the extra cup."

Yue Li looked at him with irritation. "Go away already, it was my tea! At least leave me half."

Putting the empty cup down, Han Li innocently looked at her. She glared at him.

Liyue looked at their interactions with curious eyes. They felt more like siblings rather than a mother-and-son duo to her.

She still didn't feel like a part of this place, but the more she was with them, the more she didn't want to separate.

"Mother Yue, can you come with me to meet Mom?" Liyue suddenly asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 - 54: Young Master rizz
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li looked at Yue Li and Liyue's backs as they entered Liyue's home. Then, he yawned and walked to the side.

His Mom and Liyue's mother were going to speak and meet with each other for the first time. But that didn't really interest him, he had just come alongside for the sake of it.

Standing outside and looking up at the moon hidden half under whisk-like dark clouds, he took the flagon of alcohol on his side and took a sip.

The fruity taste glided down his throat, sending a warm sensation throughout his body. "It's weak but it does have its charm," he said.

Walking from the side leading to the merchant area, a fat man came towards him and said, "I was wondering where the smell of wine came from. No wonder, it was you. When did you come?"

Han Li raised the flagon. The morning rain's effects had yet to vanish and today's night was especially piercing. "How is it fatso, want a drink?" he asked with a shake of the flagon.

"I would have," Pang Li sighed and put the bag in his hand down, "But as you know, my defect after failure is around the stomach. Alcohol doesn't go well with me."

Taking another gulp, Han Li breathed out some turbid air. "Uh, with that kind of pain… it really is quite troublesome."

Pang Li nodded and sat down to the side. He was already dirty from all the mud and rain, it didn't really matter to him if his back got muddy. "Try not to fail in your Evolution if you don't want to experience something like that."

Han Li corked the flagon and put it to the side. "I always wanted to ask you. Why do you work so hard now? Your daughter is safe in my hands and your wife is also not going to have much to look forward to by you gaining some small fortune. So what is it that makes you work so hard?"

Turning silent, Pang Li simply leaned on his house's walls. "Maybe alcohol doesn't hurt once in a while."

Han Li passed him the flagon. The man undid the cork and took a deep sip.

Then, he turned silent for a long while before answering. "I never had anything to my name, no house, no family, nothing."

Rising an eyebrow, Han Li's eyes twitched. A big backstory?

"But I never flinched and became capable enough to marry a woman. That's Li Yao. I ended up marrying her, and similarly, in the end, Liyue is also my daughter. I am sure I will die in 20 or 30 years at most… I want to at least leave behind good memories of myself and something by which to remember me."

"So, the riches you leave behind would be your memento?" Han Li asked.

"Yes. It will be."

"Can I ask you something Fatty? How long had it been since you and Li Yao spoken?"

The fat man turned completely silent.

Han Li nodded to himself. He had some suspicions but now it was sure. Whenever Liyue was late at night, she would always return saying her Mother was alone at home.

Why? What happened to her father?

He simply wasn't someone who asked or talked with his family much.

"Are you guys in some kind of fight?" he asked.

"Not really, we are in a happy relationship and we do care for the little girl. It's just that, in the past few years of our lives, we both became slightly distant," Pang Li said, "In one part, we both cannot have intimate times."

Han Li nodded. Just like Yue Li couldn't be touched under her legs when she used to have leg pain, Liyue's mother was the same.

The people who lost in their Evolution mostly always lose their sexual capabilities. Even Pang Li, his stomach having that kind of pain would have surely made him lose such powers.

Who could even get hard when they felt like their soul would tear in pain if they hardly worked that part of their body?

Han Li didn't even allow his mother to cook while standing when she faced it after all.

"And then, there was Liyue's matter. Li Yao doesn't understand that what I did can only affect my daughter in a good way. But I know." Pang Li didn't elaborate on that but Han Li knew what he meant.

It was the whole thing about benefits and losses. If Liyue had a big loss due to marriage, that was her virginity. But in benefits, the possibility for benefits was high.

Especially when the Husband would never be able to keep a woman under a cage in this city and zone. They had unwritten rules.

"So, after that, you guys rarely spoke, huh?" Han Li smiled.

He didn't really want to break this couple for no reason since he could get women who had failed in their Evolution anywhere. But his absorbing Li Yao's Soul Energy was good for them rather than bad.

But there was a problem. If he ever touched a woman, he didn't like her to be touched by another. His property was his.

He wouldn't let heaven steal from him or man either. It was just like his life and death, he liked it being under his control.

"Pang Li, I have a question for you. If you could heal yourself and your wife, and leave your daughter a fantastic life, would you take it? But there is a catch, you will never see Li Yao or Liyue ever again."

Pang Li chuckled, "If I indeed had such an option, I would take it without a blink. Old people do lose their love, I and Li Yao didn't even marry because of love in the first place. If I can ease her pain and fulfill my role as a father with one move, half of my life's purpose is complete."

"Half?" Han Li asked in intrigue. It was rare that he ever got curious about a man.

"I also have an ambition. Really, what man doesn't have one?" Pang Li looked at him with a side-eye. "I want to have a business, a great business somewhere where I am the richest person people could think of."

Nodding, Han Li said, "Then add that to the list, you will get that alongside the earlier offers."

"I would agree with no more thought."

Han Li smirked, "Go to Sarak City and visit the Highland Merchant Association, tell them that you are the Lord of coins sent by Gramura. Believe me, you will be the richest man in that town from then on. As for Li Yao and Liyue, don't worry about them anymore. I will take care of them."

Pang Li looked at the young man deeply and then chuckled. Sarak City was just one day away from here, so if he was scammed, he could come back any time.

He stood up and once more looked at the young man for the last time. In his mind, Han Li was a young master from a big clan who came and saw his daughter. He fancied her and he wanted her, in that same manner, Han Li saw his wife next and he wanted her too.

As a young master, he should have enough money to heal Li Yao too. He didn't have to know the rest, He understood Han Li was giving him a deal for his wife and daughter instead of a simple question.

He was an intelligent businessman, he, of course, looked for more benefits. If he said no, everything would just be the same, only dumb idiots would choose that in his opinion.

Now Li Yao and Liyue were set for life and he was the same. As long as Han Li was true and not just pulling some kind of ridiculous prank.

But he was sure in his talent to read the room, so Pang Li chuckled heartily and instead of heading home, walked away from it.

Today was a good day, no, a great day. He had achieved his life's purpose.

He hadn't gotten rich in this city, but it was the same. Now there was just a 1 day travel to Sarak and he just had to spend his remaining life in his own way.

Han Li looked at him with a chuckle. Before he knew it, the man had understood his wishes and even seen through him. In reading the room at least, Pang Li was better than himself.

'But really, now I became the young master who takes women everywhere he goes…' He chuckled even louder.

As for the Sarak City? That was a place where some people were waiting for an heir to come. In truth, in Han Li's past life, after the Heir finally arrived; it was revealed that the one who said this specific code was to be chosen as an heir even if he was a commoner before.

But that code was something only an absurdly lucky person could find. Nevertheless, this time, even before the code was revealed, Han Li knew it. So it was his to give or take.

And he didn't mind losing it since he had many such encounters in his past life.

Losing one was nothing.

'Now I have to slowly make Li Yao mine…'

As for healing Pang Li?

He was not the only person with a Life Dao-type Spark who could absorb Soul Energy out of others. There were clans out there who would heal people who failed in Evolution for a price.

With the amount the fatty gets, it won't be too much to spend some to heal himself.

Pang Li also understood the game.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55 - 55: Heart that strives
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Uncle Li left, Han Li took the flagon of wine and went into the room where Yue Li and Li Yao were having a fun conversation.

"Yes, She is learning spear and I am learning knife. Han Li says she is doing great."

Li Yao asked, "It isn't anything really dangerous right?"

Chuckling, Yue Li said, "Nothing harmful, we just walk around, cut vegetables, and eat. It's great these days."

Han Li entered the room and Li Yao's nose twitched. Her eyes shining, she exclaimed, "Fruit wine from the city that has an especially tacky smell. Is it the Blazing Wine?"

Not speaking, Han Li showed the symbol cast on the flagon. It had a claw mark on it.

"So it is the blazing wine!" Li Yao exclaimed, "Isn't that like 500 Sacred coins?"

"I promised to bring some wine, of course, I would bring something good." Han Li smirked and sat on a chair between the girls.

Li Yao's room was spacious; even with all four of them being in one place, it didn't feel stuffy like his home.

"Give it to me!" Li Yao said enthusiastically.

Liyue wanted to help but Yue Li said with a smile, "Relax."

Moving beside her, Han Li made her sit on the bed. She was one of the most misfortunate among those who failed in their Evolution since her whole body had become a painful wreck.

Even sleeping was not much of a help, and frequently, she would have to endure the pain.

Having sat her up, Han Li supported her back with a hand and also helped her drink the wine. She gulped it down and the hot liquid slowly spread warmth inside her.

"Haa…" Li Yao sighed, "How long had it been since I drank something as pricey as this?"

Her face was reddened and she looked intoxicated.

"It's okay if you drink that much but I won't recommend more." Han Li warned calmly.

Li Yao reluctantly nodded. This jar of wine might just cause her another cycle of vicious pain.

"Is it really that good?" Yue Li asked curiously. "I didn't like it at all, it's even that expensive."

Liyue nodded from the side. Exactly, she didn't like it either.

After leaving the house, they had bought the wine en route, and obviously, they tasted it first.

Han Li didn't make Li Yao sit and just let her stay seated like that with his hand as support.

"Wine is something adults enjoy," he said with a chuckle, "Not for kids like you two."

Li Yao chuckled alongside. "Exactly! That's what I am saying!"

Yue Li and Liyue looked at each other and shrugged.

As the four just casually talked about inconsequential things, time slipped by and the night grew deeper. Cicadas were chirping in the distance and some dogs were barking.

The lanterns hung to the side of the room went out multiple times but Liyue kept lighting them up. And even though Li Yao said it was enough, she still pleaded for two more gulps…

By the time everyone started feeling sleepy, Li Yao was quite drunk. So, Han Li laid her down on the bed.

Standing up and stretching his shoulders, he said, looking out the window: "It's late, Mom, we should go."

Liyue and his mom were at the moment eating some fruit that they had cut in between their conversation. It was Yue Li's boasting of her control over the knife.

"Oh, okay!" Yue Li readily put the knife aside and followed.

"Why don't you stay the night?" Even though she was drunk, Li Yao still asked.

"There is a free room here too," Liyue said from the side.

Han Li briefly closed his red eyes and then nodded.

"You guys should continue then. I will go and meditate or something."

"I will show you the way," Liyue said, she had grown confident enough to say some things.

Han Li smiled and Yue Li yawned. "Show me the way too, I am way too sleepy."

"Don't worry, we both sleep together, so one room is enough," Han Li said, seeing Liyue's indecisive looking around.

Liyue was slightly surprised but then nodded.

"Yue Li, you better cook me that great cooking your son said!" Li Yue exclaimed with a red face.

Alcohol really hit her on the spot today.

Yue Li nodded and yawningly followed Han Li and Liyue to another room. It was also a spacious room with minimalistic vibes. The darkness of the night didn't hinder their vision much either.

"Bed is big enough," Han Li smirked, "You want to join us too, Liyue?"

Her ears blushing, she shook her head and without a word, ran away towards her room.

Han Li was a bit surprised and said to Yue Li, "She never rejected me on anything before."

"Every girl would reject you if you just ask her to bed like that,"  Yue Li said speechlessly.

Taking her hand, Han Li entered the room. "When did you become the expert at bedding women?" he asked with a smile.

Yue Li rolled her eyes and closed the door behind them.

"It's our first time outside our home," Han Li said suddenly.

Yue Li looked at him, "I was also thinking the same… it feels lonely outside our home."

Carrying her up like a princess, Han Li gently laid her on the bed.

"Still think you feel lonely?"

Yue Li shook her head cutely. "Anyway, come, I really feel a bit sleepy."

The bed was a much more comfortable one than the one at home and the bedsheets were more fluffy.

Han Li sat on it and made Yue Li rest her head on his lap.

"So, Xiao Li, what are you going to do about Li Yao? Will you heal her?"

Han Li nodded. His mother sighed in relief.

She really couldn't see people suffering when they had a way to help.

"Do you think they will guess we have a weird relationship because we sleep together?" Yue Li asked.

"Maybe?"

"If this was Earth, that might really hurt Liyue…" Yue Li sighed.

"What is your opinion on them? Liyue and her mother."

"Liyue is a poor girl who has never been really shown love, you should care for her," Yue Li said with a calm tone.

"What about Li Yao?"

"She seems fun to be around, we can go on trips together once you heal her."

She knew that if they succeeded in their Evolution, they would no longer need to be poor or humble.

Awakened, no matter how talented or capable, were only that strong.

But the Evolution Stage — The Evolved?

They had ceased to be mortals at that point. She had also seen their powers up close before.

Starlight arrows that could pierce mountain rocks and Starlight Healing that could visibly heal wounds. She knew people were a whole other type of being once they evolved.

Once they evolved, they would be like superheroes with superpowers. She didn't know what kind of powers her Rain Spark would give her but she knew, if she succeeded, they would no longer be themselves.

Evolution meant what it said, it was an utter level up in all aspects of life.

Even she wished she could do that.

"Xiao Li, do you really think we will be able to succeed in Evolution?"

Han Li nodded.

"But Mom, don't you feel even slightly jealous of them when I show them some love?" Han Li asked with a smile, "You have been rooting so much for the girl."

"I used to feel insecure," she kissed his hands.

"Used to? You don't anymore?" Han Li smiled even more.

From ancient times, there was a saying: Never betray your clan or you will forever be unable to go up in cultivation. In Han Li's first life which he died in Kevin's hands, he had put his faith in that saying.

That saying indeed had truth to it. If someone betrayed their kin and regretted their actions, a knot would be created in their hearts and that would make them indecisive.

Facing a breakthrough under such a condition was not at all advised.

After her failure in Evolution and her whole life, the budding insecurity in Yue Li's mind was such a knot. It was not strong, but it was there.

'Ah, will my Xiao Li leave me when he comes of age?'

That was a thought that haunted her. And with that came another thought, 'Am I not valuable?'

That was a no-go area for cultivators. One of the main reasons he was so rushed in marrying Liyue and getting Li Yao was this.

He wanted to remove that insecurity from the bud. Yue Li's life purpose in itself was mainly him. Her worrying that Han Li would leave was normal since that was the norm of the world.

What son lives for his mom?

Almost none.

But if he showed her he loved her more than anything, the knot should vanish.

So when he gives her attention even after multiple women surround him, she should naturally know it. But to think she had already untied it.

"Yes, I no longer feel insecure. I never felt insecure after you confessed that day," Yue Li said, a blush on her ears and a smile on her face.

Han Li chuckled.

"So your heart of cultivation is that."

Yue Li raised an eyebrow.

"Every person has something that pushes them forward to achieving higher cultivation. It's their will, their dreams. For example, my heart of cultivation is to have our life and death under my control and protect you by my side."

If he betrayed his own heart, he would lose his will and his dreams, and that in turn would make him incapable of having breakthroughs.

"Edgy…" Yue Li said smilingly.

Han Li tapped her on the forehead and said, "As for your heart of cultivation. It is a weak but similarly strong heart. You want to follow me and be by my side forever. It will keep pushing you higher and higher but there are risks…I will always be your limitation and binding if you continue with that heart."

Yue Li closed her eyes and hugged his hands. "No, there are no risks. I am your limitation and binding too after all."

Smiling, Han Li pinched her cheeks. Sharing the heart of cultivation was the biggest show of weakness, the biggest show of acceptance. Higher-level cultivators would never reveal it.

But if they did so willingly, it was what they called giving a heart to someone.

And in her heart, Han Li having women around him didn't matter. If he had a huge Harem, fine. But she will be the one standing beside him.

She would be the Queen if he was the King.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56 - 56: You are Average!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Pushups, sit-ups, squats, swimming, running. Starting from the simplest training methods, Han Li started training and strengthening his body.

It had been a week since the Awakening Ceremony and every day had become a cycle of training for the trio.

Yue Li and Liyue would be training their balance and self-control while their Sparks were out and Han Li would be training his body somewhere else.

He had greater plans for his body, but for now, his training's main focus was to build and perfect his strength, agility, endurance, and overall flexibility.

Those were the basic capabilities of a good body after all.

Running, swimming, calisthenics, weightlifting, and an overall circuit training would take up most of his schedule from now but that would in turn improve his capabilities.

It was easy to do exercises like jumping jacks or weightlifting even without fancy equipment, just using boulders, ladders, and other readily available items as makeshift gear was enough.

…

As the sweat rolled out off his forehead and his hands struggled, Han Li still pushed his body up and said in a struggling tone, "Eighty-nine!"

With a deep breath, he went down and his hands were already screaming for him to stop.

But as in any training, the mind will always be the one to give up first before the body.

Han Li endured and pushed up once more.

"Ninety!" he said with a gulp and fell on his back to the side.

His whole body was sweaty and his white training dress was sticking to his skin. But a calm smile formed on his face.

Once again, he had slightly surpassed his limits.

But if he tried more, that would only harm him.

Feeling the heavy beating of his heart calm down, he looked towards Yue Li and saw she was calmly meditating under a leafy tree's shade.

He then looked towards Liyue who was standing straight with a spear on her hand. He said with a calm tone, "Those who rely on weapons like spear has to be stable in their legs but nimble with their bodies. The wind might hit you, waves might slam against you, and when it does so, you either move like the wind and wave or resist it. That's the way of weapons!"

Hand clenching around the shaft, Liyue became even stabler.

Nodding, Han Li sat up in a meditative lotus position and released his own spark. His senses slowly spread to the surroundings and soon, everything in a 3-meter diameter came to his vision as if he had an eye on all sides.

It was a weird sensation but that made him feel a sense of calm.

He liked to spread his senses after intense training since those were mostly vulnerable moments and having once lived under a hoard of enemies, being cautious had become a part of him.

But now, he was just doing it for the sake of it.

They were currently in the dark jungle outside the city and training in a clearing around there. This place had a good ambiance and enough space to train without alerting or annoying others.

During the past seven days, Han Li had maxed out his Body Cultivation Talent and made it "High" — According to his calculations — and was now stuck.

He didn't have a simple way to directly absorb soul energy except by using his spark on a woman who was both a failure at evolving and lustful.

But he hadn't had any great progress with Li Yao yet and he was not hurried. So, his Spark was stuck at 3 Baby Fist Sized and he would have to make his Soul "High" talent to make it 4. And if it reached 4, it would automatically become 5 since two high talents will make someone a Sacred talent.

Nevertheless, he was not at all hurried since even if he got Sacred Talent right at this moment, it was not like he would start his Evolution Attempt any time soon. After all, he had to make his body much stronger before that.

So, he was patient and calm. There was no need to rush anything in any way.

He could just train at this pace and by the time he reached his desired body, they would also be ready for his advances.

Thinking such random things, 2 hours passed.

Feeling his body loosening up after the meditation, Han Li opened his eyes and was not surprised to find Yue Li and Liyue sitting under the shade eating blackberries.

"Is your meditation complete?" Han Li asked while looking at Yue Li.

Taking a deep breath, Yue Li nodded.

"Liyue, give her the vegetables."

Liyue was sweaty because of the workout and wanted to rest a bit, but she nevertheless, stood up and took a cloth pack tucked on a low branch and gave it to Yue Li.

"There are some thorns on some of the fruits we picked, be careful," Liyue said while sitting back down. She had stood straight for too long.

"Take your knife and cut the vegetables like you would usually," said Han Li.

Yue Li unwrapped the clothing, careful to avoid the thorny fruits and vines inside. She then took out some vegetables and began cutting tomatoes with her knife.

It was with the same grace that she had when she usually cooked food for Han Li at home but the difference was that she was in an uncomfortable position and a deep blue spark of power was shining on her palm harmlessly.

Han Li scrutinized her every move.

The spark that was 5 baby fists big, the gentle twist of her wrist after every cut piece.

It was effortless and simple as if she was just doing the same thing as she used to for years — cutting vegetables.

Smirking, Han Li nodded inside. She had reached 'Average' proficiency in the Knife for an Awakened. Even while the Soul Sense messed with her perception, she could still focus on one knife and cut things like the senses were no issue.

She had also become used to her senses with the process. It was no longer a hindrance to her life but a support.

Even using other tools than a knife, even if she used her senses, it would be the same. She won't be completely stuck and unable to move like before.

"Good job," he praised, "Even though the knife is something you used your whole life, reaching average proficiency in a week is quite a commendable achievement."

It was not a monstrous achievement like the extreme geniuses from far away who could come to terms with their senses and handle tools as easily as her currently in one go but it was a nicer than what most people could achieve.

Yue Li broke out of her concentration and looked at the knife in her hands. She could feel her confidence rising; she clenched the hilt hard.

She almost had the urge to yell "Sugoy!" and she did.

Han Li's smirk grew, "How do you feel?"

"I couldn't even move well with the senses a week or so ago and now Bam! I am a pro."

"Not so professional but nice nonetheless," he nodded, "Liyue's progress isn't bad either. In two or three more weeks with your progress and you should reach the 'Average' level in spear."

Liyue asked, "Now, what should I focus on?"

Pondering, Han Li said, "You don't have any prior experience with a spear even if it is without using Soul Sense. So, for a while, don't use your Starlight Spark and just train without anything."

Liyue nodded.

Then Han Li focused his gaze on Yue Li and said: "Mom, your focus next should be on reaching 'High proficiency' with the Knife. That's the proficiency where you don't have to focus on the knife and can still cut things naturally like your entire focus is on it."

Yue Li's cheeks puffed. She hadn't even celebrated the progress and he is making her focus on the next thing? Where did he learn all this anyway?

But still, she was interested in reaching the 'High' level. That sounded much cooler than merely 'Average'.

"And also, you will start your body training from tomorrow. The body is as important as the soul, mind and anything there is if you want to become an elite cultivator," He said with a dry chuckle and Yue Li's eyelids twitched.

A cold wind passed by the forest, cooling their tired bodies.

"…I am not a brute like you in any sense." she asked, slightly fearful: "Do you think I can do all that you are doing? That kind of training just gives me goosebumps."

Han Li asked calmly, "Do you think it's so easy to walk on the cultivation path?"

Turning silent, Yue Li glanced at Liyue for support. She had supported the girl so much, she would support her too… right?

Liyue looked at her and blinked. Then looked away in fear.

Even though a small smile tugged the corners of her lips.

Yue Li couldn't help but be speechless. This girl still feared talking to Xiao Li!

Displeased by the wimpy behavior of the two, Han Li said calmly, his red eyes shining: "From now on, there will be punishment for failing to achieve my expectations and slacking. And I bet you won't like it."

Yue Li just puffed her cheeks while the silent Liyue blushed behind her ears.

What type of punishment?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57 - 57: Brazen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun of noon faded and the world sunk into the darkness of night.

5th month was just starting and soon, winter would arrive in its true form. Already, the night's cold had started to affect people pretty hard.

Reaching outside Liyue's home, Han Li breathed out some misty air and said, "Wake up early in the morning and take a bath in the cold water. It's good for you."

Liyue nodded from his side.

Seeing the girl's dejected face, Han Li patted her head. "Don't worry, Pang Li is fine and in good health. Believe me, before he went away, he told me he was headed to Sarak. Once you Evolve, we can go check him out."

He had already told her this once before but she still gets slightly down every time he leaves her here. "If you want to talk about something, I am always here, you know?" he asked while taking the package in her hands into his.

Yue Li had prepared dinner and these days, that's what Liyue brings for her mother too.

"Come, I will check her condition too."

Nodding, Liyue opened her home's door and entered with a slightly relieved heart.

Honestly, she wanted Han Li to speak with her mother but just couldn't get herself to ask. Luckily, he chose to do so on his own.

Entering the house and lighting the lanterns on the way, they knocked on Li Yao's door and entered. Seeing Li Yao calmly lying on the bed, Han Li said, showing the package: "This time, it's meat and vegetables. Mom even cooked it while she had her Soul Sense on. Amazing right?"

Smiling, Li Yao said, "Indeed, Yue Li is a talented person."

Han Li sat beside the bed on a chair — which had now become his usual seat — and Li Yao gave her hand to him instinctually. Whenever he came here, he would just take her hand and give her a massage while also absorbing the meager amount of Lust in her.

It gave her a feeling like she was healing and that was her current biggest hope. Of once again standing on her feet and moving like a normal person.

"Maybe one day, you really might heal me," she said with a chuckle.

Liyue also sat on the bed and just silently looked at them.

Despite only the flame of the lantern in her hand lighting up the surroundings, as an Awakened, she could see everything clearly.

"Not maybe, I will heal you," Han Li said calmly.

Li Yao smiled and Han Li chuckled.

"You guys should really just come and live here already now, I won't have to be so lonely if you were all here. Even training will be much more comfortable here anyway."

Han Li spoke thoughtfully, "We will come but Mom is slightly reluctant to move. But yes, she is also ready now and within a week, we will shift."

"That's much better." Li Yao nodded, but then said teasingly, "I thought you would be one of those stuck-up men who won't go live in their wife's home or take anything from them due to some stupid pride."

Eyes twitching, Han Li stopped massaging her hands. Had it been someone else, he would have thought they meant bad when they said something like that, but he now knew what kind of woman Li Yao was.

"Of course," he said, "If you don't mind your precious Liyue being taken away from you. I am fine, I will just take her to my home."

Liyue blushed behind her ears while Li Yao smiled, "Actually… if you went away like that, who knows? Maybe I will just stand up and follow you guys there."

Han Li looked at the woman with a smile. "Do you still have any worries about Pang Li?" he asked.

Li Yao looked at Liyue. Even though they didn't usually speak and Pang Li just came back from work and went back to the same place every, he did indeed do a lot for the girl.

The biggest worry she had now was Liyue's life. But seeing how Han Li provided for them without even a word, that wasn't much to be worried about.

"I don't really miss him but it indeed feels like the world has changed. Our relationship was not like yours or Liyue's from the start anyway. We mostly were just married for the purpose of having a family… Ambitious people like him are not meant for a family."

Han Li turned silent.

"Business, money, business, money… Ambition at that level is far too dangerous. That's why I will give you a sound warning, Son," she said, her voice calm, "If you by any chance fail in your Evolution, just don't have too much ambition and just try to live in the moment instead of always worrying about the future."

Liyue from the side looked at them with slightly worried eyes, she knew nobody would like such a remark — especially someone focused on Evolving like Han Li.

As silence slowly settled in the room, Han Li moved his hands and lifted Li Yao into a princess carry. "You are the cheery type of person whom I generally like to be around, so, don't get too down. Come, let's go look at the stars and drink some wine."

Li Yao looked at him weirdly.

"Take the remaining wine Liyue, let's sit outside your home and have a talk."

Liyue said before he walked out, "There is not much wine left."

"That's enough, bring it."

…

Walking out of the home into the outside world, the coldness directly hit Li Yao on her face and she looked up at the sky in expectation.

The stars stood there up in the sky, mysterious, grand, and beautiful. The night sky that she hadn't seen for quite a while.

"How beautiful…" she said in awe.

Liyao also came out and looked at the sky. The moon was just barely an arc tonight but that in itself had it's beauty.

Han Li walked a bit further and sat down on a comfortable rock near their home. It was the children's playing area. While Li Yao was still in his princess carry.

"You know what? Liyue, also bring the dishes Mom cooked. Let's brighten your mother's mood by a hundred times."

Liyue showed him the package already in her hands. Han Li couldn't help but laugh and even Li Yao was smiling.

"Ah, we should have brought Mom along!" Han Li lamented.

He really didn't expect to do anything special today and Yue Li was tired after attempting some simple body training. She was too lazy and hadn't even bathed yet.

So, he just planned to come drop off Liyue and go back home. But he might as well brighten the mood today with this.

Liyue put the package beside them and opened it to reveal cutely packed meat buns inside some leaves and something that looked like soup in a bottle.

Taking the meat bun, Han Li took a part of it by the hand and fed it to Li Yao. She opened her mouth and took a small bite.

It was steaming hot but that was perfect for a night like this.

"How is it? My mom cooks great, right?"

Li Yao nodded. Saying, "Yue Li's cooking is always too spicy but somehow still makes you want more."

"Today, she achieved something," Han Li said with a hidden pride in his heart, "She was too proud of it even though she was too tired. So, today's food is extra special."

Liyue spoke, "Yes, Mother Yue says she cooked better than Sanji today."

"Sanji? Who is that?" Li Yao asked curiously.

"I asked too but she only said he is a great cook…"

Han Li's eyes twitched slightly but he didn't elaborate. He silently fed the woman in his lap another bite.

Gulping it down, she said to Liyue, "But Liyue, you really are a lucky girl."

Liyue looked at her with a blush behind her ears, already realizing what she was speaking about.

"To have a husband as caring as Han Li is such a lucky thing. Even I feel slightly envious."

His red eyes shimmered. "So you say and this girl doesn't even speak to me directly. What do you say? Should I give her some extra punishment when she does badly?"

"You should get her out of her shell somehow if you can."

Han Li nodded. "She is too timid, totally unlike your boldness. But she is really hard working even though she says she isn't interested."

"Just give her a good spanking," Li Yao chuckled.

Liyue blushed all the way to her neck. "Mom!" she weakly exclaimed.

"Anyway, eat the rest of the food. I have to go back soon, that mom of mine must already be asleep."

"Hm, fine." Li Yao then asked, "I wanted to ask you this earlier, when do you plan to consummate your marriage with Liyue? Why don't you guys just do it?"

Han Li looked sideways at Liyue as the girl's face steamed.

"Don't worry, I am in no rush," he said and fed another piece of the bun to her.

Li Yao ate it and said melancholically, "You are like the son I never had."

"Don't tell Yue Li that, she might start a war with you." He chuckled. His Mom would be really mad.

Yue Li might not mind him having more wives, but she would never let him have more mothers. Well, one mother was a handful already.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58 - 58: Bathing Yue Li
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Opening the door to his home, Han Li entered and then closed it behind him.

He walked into their room and speechlessly looked at Yue Li who was sleeping like a hamster on the bed. Wrapped up from all sides with a blanket due to the cold and completely dozed off.

Smiling despite himself, he went beside her and murmured, "Hey, you are all sweaty from the workouts, don't you want to take a bath?"

Yue Li didn't even budge from sleep.

Gently caressing the sides of her face, he said, "I'll bathe you then."

With a smile, he chuckled and climbed onto the bed, taking half the blanket for himself. He then pulled her close into his embrace and hugged her tightly.

Seeing that she was still not woken up, he got on top of her and looked down at her. His devious red eyes brightened like a kid who had seen his mom.

Her black hair flowed loosely behind her, and her white, caramel complexion seemed to shine in the dark. Her big boobs, the right size for his hand to enjoy fondling, were a visible contour on her dress.

Smiling, he undid her dress and got her boobs out.

The petite pink nipples stood out like beautiful strawberries. He licked one while fondling the other. Yue Li moaned but she didn't wake up.

This was normal for her since she had allowed Han Li to suck on them a long time ago.

Still, Han Li's teeth gently nibbled on his mom's nipples and his hand slowly moved down to reach the place in between her legs.

He could feel the wetness and hair around his finger.

Caressing her thighs, he spread them wide and glanced at her beautiful pussy. It was cute and pink but somewhat hairy.

Moving down, he took a whiff of her wild scent and was instantly aroused. And feeling a hand touch her below her, Yue Li's eyes fluttered open.

"…Xiao Li," she muttered drowsily.

Spreading her legs a little wider, Han Li gave her pussy a lick. She instantly shivered when she felt her son's tongue lick her like that.

Feeling that she was aroused, he held her thighs with his hand and his tongue drew an arc on her slit. She moaned, "Ah! Xiao Li!"

Going back above her body, Han Li brought her into a kiss. His weapon was already standing and he was also deeply aroused.

"Want me to continue, Mom?" he asked, breaking their juicy kiss as a bridge of saliva connected their lips.

Yue Li looked at him drowsily and licked her lips to break the bridge. "You woke me up…" she said with grievance.

Kissing her once more, his tongue dominated hers and she struggled to hold on; her hands heavily clenching on his robes and the bedsheets.

Breaking the kiss, he looked at her face up close. Her doe black eyes looked back at him innocently. "Bathe?" he asked.

Yue Li nodded with a pout. She was indeed a bit sweaty and dirty after their workouts.

Han Li didn't immediately move and kissed her neck. She breathed roughly.

She could also feel her son's hard thing poking against her pussy.

"Xiao Li, bathe me…" Yue Li pleaded.

Han Li looked at her angelic face with pleading eyes and nodded. Carrying her up like a baby in his hands, he walked towards their bathroom. At the same time, he made his tip enter her a bit.

She was comfortably hugging his neck, and as he walked, she could feel the tip rub against her. She blushed slightly and said, "It's been years since we bathed together, right?"

Han Li entered the small room behind their home and stood there for a while. Yue Li's buttocks were in his hands her breasts were pressed against his chest.

He simply pushed his cock in. There was some resistance but his mother's juices made his cock enter deep into her and she held his back tightly and moaned. "Nggg~!"

She could feel her son's long and powerful rod deep inside her. Filling her.

She hugged him tightly.

Han Li smiled and got into a big wooden bathtub. It was already filled with water and feeling the mild heat on their sweaty bodies, they shivered.

But his cock deep inside her was hotter and his mother could vividly feel it. Parting her insides and resting there.

"Fuuu…" she breathed out, waking up from her sleepiness. "Good thing you heated the water, Xiao Li!"

Han Li kissed her on the lips and she reciprocated in kind. At the same time, he gently lifted her buttocks and let them fall back on his manhood.

The sensation as it went in and out of her body made her legs tighten and her chest tremble.

Han Li usually liked foreplay but with this mother of his, he rarely did. Kissing her on the neck once more, he left a visible hickey there and looked at her face.

The temperature inside the bathtub and the water itself made a sweet aroma spread around them and Han Li started to thrust his cock in. It slowly moved into her and then back out

She panted and breathed ruggedly, her red face puffed up every time Han Li pushed against her tight insides.

On the other hand, feeling her moist fruit wrap around his dick and the tight sensation as he pushed, Han Li felt his own self-control fail.

But they didn't stop and as the heavy stiff thing entered her, she trembled and allowed more to enter. It was impossible for his whole 8-inch thing to enter her without deep foreplay but he was more than 5 inches deep into her and with each thrust, his mother moaned.

Fondling her boobs with one hand and holding her butt with the other, he moved back and forth. Yue Li held the sides of the tub and her face puffed again as he entered deeper.

He squeezed her buttocks and boobs. "I… I…" Yue Li tried to speak but she couldn't as Han Li kept pounding into her.

With a slow entry, he made his penis enter deeper. And before she could speak, her son's thing was way deeper and her breath hitched.

He had never been this intense before!

Han Li smirked and took her in a kiss. His tongue felt like it was sucking her into him. His hand kept teasing her erect nipples. All of a sudden, her senses blanked out and she came.

Smiling inside, Han Li's kiss turned gentler, and after breaking it, she breathed roughly. "So… so rough!" she complained.

Han Li pushed in one final time and as her eyes widened once more, his load was thrusted into her. His penis trembled and filled her insides.

She breathed even heavier. Han Li relaxedly laid back on the tub and Yue Li tiredly fell on top of him.

"…Xiao Li, that's not bathing me at all!" she said poutingly.

Han Li laughed. "You loved it, so why complain?"

Yue Li rested her head on his chest and nodded. "I did like it."

He hugged her deeply. "You should thank Liyue since she was the one who warmed the water for you."

"So kind of her to share her husband with me." Yue Li chuckled.

Han Li smiled and caressed her head. "I will bathe you," he said, rubbing his hands on her butthole.

"I want to try many things from now on. This will be your reward for training. You can ask me whatever you want," he said.

He knew Yue Li had some inhibitions — like being worried about asking him to lick her before. "You don't have to have any inhibitions with me. No wish is disgusting if it's sexy."

Yue Li's eyes shined and she hugged him. Looking into his red eyes, she said, "You are also allowed to do that with me. Do whatever you want with me, I want to see what kind of twisted desires my son has for me."

Han Li nodded.

Looking up at the dark ceiling, caressing her head, he wondered, 'Why am I so blessed with good luck?'

He couldn't help but touch his eyes at the thought of it. It made him remember the day he had first come to know what his eyes truly represented.

The first time he came to know about his eyes in his previous life and that the eye could let him travel back in time, it mentioned that the eye and their respective Sacred Demons are heavily and profoundly connected.

He didn't know in what way. But that made him think… in his previous life, he had traveled everywhere in the Sacred Lust Continent. No cities existed here that he didn't know of.

But he had never seen another Eye wielder of the Seven Sacred Eyes. 'If my Eye has powers as great as seeing 500 years into the future, what does theirs do?'

Do they even exist now or am I the only one with such an Eye in this generation?

His eyes turned deeply contemplative. The more he thought about this world and the more he pondered on the unknown, the more uncomfortable he got in his own weak self.

Nothing was an assurance. If he was weak, knowing the future wouldn't change anything substantial. What if some other Eye had an even more outlandish power?

It was time he got some body-enhancing type resources to quicken their training.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59 - 59: Magical Resource
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking at all the things spread across the ground, Han Li sighed. "I guess I expected too much out of your trashcan," he said irritatedly.

Frowning, Yue Li also looked at the items below fondly.

This was her collection. The things she had been scammed to buy.

Beautiful looking rocks, a mask that looked like an ancient tribal treasure, a painting of a small python, scrolls, and a jar filled with sea shells.

Han Li once again used his Soul Senses by taking out his spark and made sure of the important fact — Yes, all these things were worthless shit.

"All those Sacred Coins could've amounted to something at least…" he said seeing her fond eyes.

They were back in their home and packing away things to shift into Liyue's home when Han Li started to look through her 'Scam Collection' to find whether there was anything useful.

He had wished for a random Body-oriented resource. But curse his bad luck, he didn't find any.

Yue Li gently took all of those things and wrapped them up in a small cloth. "Since we don't have a problem with money any longer, we should actually spend some on these things, something might pop up again that is as useful as your cultivation book."

Giving her a stare, he looked around the place. One by one, the house was being stripped. Their bedding was removed and so was the kitchen utensil.

The faint smell of dust lingered on his nose and the whole area felt rather empty and lonely. "So lonely right?" Yue Li said, "I still feel reluctant to go away from here…"

Han Li looked around calmly and then looked back at his mother. She had moist eyes even though her words were calm and her hands were moving.

"We could come back anytime you want. We are just some distance away after all. Coming here to spend our roof-time sounds like a good idea to me."

Yue Li nodded.

Han Li went beside her and patted her head.

She took a deep breath and nodded once more. As long as her Xiao Li was there, which house didn't really matter.

Li Yao seemed like the perfect friend too.

Seeing her calm down, Han Li nodded and started doing his part.

Covering all their clothes into one big pile and storing them all in one big cloth. Wrapping all of their breakable belongings among the clothes.

There was not much to do but he did what he did meticulously and finally, he took down the cheap curtains, and a stream of morning light flowed inside.

Through the sill, he could see the homes around them and some morning birds chirping on small branches and leaves.

"Liyue is here," he said, looking at a black-haired girl walking towards them with a small cloth sack in her hands.

The doors were wide open, so the girl entered and gave the sack to Yue Li. "I searched for more, but I only got one…"

Han Li smiled, put the wrapped curtains aside, and said: "You guys prepare then, I will come back around noon. Put the heavy things aside for me but do the rest and don't slack."

"Where are you going?" Yue Li asked with a frown.

"To check if there's something new in the market that can help us train."

Yue Li grumbled at leaving all the work for them, but he was already walking away and the door closed behind him. Making Liyue chuckle softly.

…

Walking out of the Starlight Zone and into the main city of Southern Lust, Han Li soon reached the central markets.

Immediately a cacophony of noises assaulted him and he was in the middle of all the hustle and bustle in the city. Hundreds of people, hundreds of stalls selling hundreds of different types of products.

Merchants from one of the three clan's zones, merchants from different cities, and even individuals sold their things here. If he could find any good products that might help him in improving his physique quicker, it was here.

"Look at this here, fruits coming right up from Sarak, bountifully harvested and fresh! Just 4 Sacred coins for a handful!"

"Great Leather from a wolf! Cold is coming and this here's just 12 Sacred Coins!"

The sound of the traders yelling out their wares and bargaining filled his ears but having his Spark appear inside his mouth, Han Li didn't care and his gaze and Soul Sense looked around for potentially useful things.

Ordinary plants, fruits, and such were different from 'Magical Resources' and it was hard to tell at a glance. Even for someone as experienced as him, it was impossible to tell at first glance.

Magical Resources would always be bought away by one of the three clans' upper-tier citizens as soon as one appeared in the city.

Among the crowd, Han Li just walked and glanced by each shop's ware without stopping. His movement was slow and unhurried, often checking some of the products after a short conversation with the merchant.

But neither his Soul Sense nor gaze caught anything unusual or interesting. Everything there were normal non-magical goods and he had no use for them.

As long as they were magical, no matter what type, he would have gotten a great bargain. One shop after another, he went in and soon went out.

Magical Resources could be told apart as long as one knew what Energy potency was. If you hold a resource like that in your hand, your Spark will tremble.

It was common knowledge but not everyone here had Sparks, so there was a chance of one or two magical resources mixing up with the rest of the products.

But even after an hour of non-stop search, there was nothing to be found.

"A Magical Resource! A Blue Lotus for sale!" Someone suddenly exclaimed and Han Li's attention immediately shifted.

It was a burly man with a scarred face, he was standing above a wooden box and yelling out loud. His hands held a thick flower in his hands that was filled with thorns.

Immediately after hearing the announcement, three young people in different robes pushed apart the crowd and moved closer in.

One of them wore white robes and had a healthy white complexion and a charming smile on his face. The other was a man in black robes, his hair spread apart like straws and his eyes a chaotic black. Third was a man in brown clothing who looked burly, he had brown skin and brown eyes.

"Hahaha, this time it's mine!" exclaimed the white-robed boy.

The interested crowd moved aside from the selling burly man and some muttered: "It's the three clans again!"

"Yeah, nobody is allowed to buy Magical Resources except them in the city. If you want to, you can only do so secretly."

Even though the words were muttered as if strangers, Han Li knew it was their own people speaking about it, they were warning the newcomers not to interfere.

He frowned and looked at the Magical Resource. Even he couldn't get into this fight for the resource since it was the clan heads themselves who appointed the three people here.

If he wanted them, he could only become an inner circle member of the Starlight Clan, and with his foreign Spark, that was impossible.

His red eyes shined as he looked at the three men. His gaze then focused on the young man from Starlight Clan. 'Li Ming,' he thought.

The young man was the same person he knew, the previous Fiance of Liyue.

He squinted.

"Young Masters of the three clans." The scarred man bowed. "I don't know what this Magical Resource might be useful for but my Spark trembles when I touch it, so it must be a Magical Resource."

Li Ming asked with a laugh, "Where did you get it from?"

The Raven clan member's eyes gleamed chaotically but he remained silent. The brown-robed young man on the other hand didn't even budge and stood there placidly looking at the scarred man.

Bowing even deeper and stepping down from the box, the scarred man said, "Me and my friends are from Soman City, and on the way here we were bathing in a river when we found this underwater."

"Anybody here knows its use?" Li Ming asked overbearingly as his gaze roamed around.

Han Li's eyes glimmered but he didn't move.

The brown-robed man spoke, "It is just a poisonous lotus that can kill even an adult human when it releases its pores. It is a unique magical resource that grows underwater and grows alongside its rise. When it reaches the surface, that's when it is the most deadly. As of now, it had become useless."

Both of the other men squinted their eyes. But then sighed inside. Rock clan was known for their stupid honesty, and it was hard to not believe them when they spoke. Especially for a measly magical resource of low value.

Nevertheless, according to clan rules, they had to obtain it.

"500 Sacred Coins," Li Ming said.

"900 Sacred Coins," The Rock-like man said in his calm voice.

Li Ming's eyes twitched. He had said he would get the thing this time but spend more than a thousand on a useless thing?

"My friend, you can have it this time for your clan's honesty." He nodded gracefully and with a wave of his hand, moved into the crowd and vanished.

The Raven didn't even bother and with a harrumph, walked away.

Han Li looked at him with a scrutinizing gaze. 'Is the Ravens yet to realize Kevin's death?'

An Evolution stage dying was a big hit and this seemed too calm. He then looked at the Rock clan guy with a pondering face.

'Troublesome…'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60 - 60: Blue Lotus
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the trade was confirmed, the crowd dispersed and the member of the rock clan retrieved 900 coins from a sack at his waist.

"I hope you will give me a map of the place you got the lotus from." Giving the man the money and delicately taking the blue lotus into his wide hands, he said: "Had the lotus been plucked a week or two from now, you guys would've died a gruesome death. Luckily for you, the poison in it is not yet that potent."

The Scarred Man shrugged it off in his mind and politely took the money. He didn't dare to count or question one of the three clans or their honesty, especially in their own city. He also took a small self-made map from his pockets and gave it to the buyer.

"Sir, may I know your name? I would like to trade more Magical Resources if I get any."

"I am Shi Wei, if you get any more such things, just come here and yell like you did today," Shi Wei said, nodded, and then left the area.

The blue lotus had already lost much of its use. At its best, it could kill anyone who was not an Evolved with just its released scent, but at this point, it had yet to release any scent.

Maybe, he could try storing it in good condition immediately for some miracle. It was worth a try since that would amount to many contribution points in the clan registry as he would have gotten a bargain.

Han Li stood to the side and looked at him with a sharp but hidden gaze. Even if he had to fight Shi Wei, he could kill the man in at worse, 2 to 3 moves, but killing inside the city was a bad move.

The three clans each had people looking out and he didn't know if someone around was an Evolved. He blended into the crowd and wondered about his options.

Leaving this Magical Resource and waiting for something else was a great option, but that sounded far too luck-based. He had learned from experience that relying on luck was not wise and did not want to remain weak for an extended period of time.

'Should I try honestly doing a trade?' he thought as he saw Shi Wei's figure heading farther and farther.

The clan rules did state that it was not allowed to sell Magical Resources other than with permission but rules could be bent.

He shook his head inside.

That was too much reliant on the other party's opinion. Silently, He walked behind Shi Wei and as the man was traveling past a small crowd, finally acted.

Moving into the crowd of around ten people, he moved fluidly and avoided the men. Reaching near the man, Han Li's Spark lit brightly inside his mouth and he became intensely focused.

His hands moved silently and took a small hold over the sack of coins in the man's waist. He didn't alert him at all and his hold was weak. But one pull and it would be in his hand, but he didn't pull and instead sensing the weak points of the sack's knitting using his senses, he pulled a specific thread.

Thievery was not new to him, It was one of his lifebloods. The thread came loose and with a silent pull, Han Li left; a small thread in his hand.

His figure moved to the side of the crowd and blended in.

Shi Wei was lost in his thoughts and quickly moved out of the crowd. But suddenly, he frowned and looked back hearing some clattering sounds and feeling a small sense of loss.

Immediately, the man's eyes widened at the Sacred Coins that had fallen along his path. It was numerous and some of the men around had already knelt to take it.

His heart immediately skipped a beat and he loudly said, "Stop! It's an order from the Rock Clan!"

A large stone was thrown from somewhere and it hit directly on an assortment of pottery in a stall nearby. They broke with an audible cracking sound that repeated over and over as one pot fell down after the other.

As all the people's attention shifted towards it, a huff sound exclaimed, "It's Sacred Coins everywhere! Take it! Don't give the three clans time to take them!"

People were immediately aroused and one man after the other instinctively took coins. Shi Wei loudly yelled but some of the members around meant to yell on the sides of Starlight Family and Ravens immediately took advantage.

"Take the coins! It belongs to the one who gets it!"

As the people started to clammer in chaos, Shi Wei got anxious and ran towards them with a hold on his sack, he pushed some people aside and tried to control the situation but more stones were thrown from somewhere.

Pushes and more people that entered the mix only made it much more chaotic.

Nevertheless, a yell came from some distance away, filled with strength. "Stop at this instant!"

That was followed by a small tremor on the ground that awakened people.

Shi Wei sighed in relief as a man of a heavy build similar to his own came and glared at the people around.

"Those around 5-meter surroundings leave your Sacred Coins to me or suffer the punishment of disrespecting the Rock Clan!" The man's imposing brown eyes glared at every person and soon, everyone calmed down.

Most of them immediately regretted their actions.

"We were only caught in the middle, I didn't try to steal!" Someone exclaimed.

Someone else joined, "Yes, we didn't steal! It's your young master who pushed us around!"

"SHUT!" The man roared and the people froze.

An overwhelming weight seemed to be pressed on their shoulders as they stood there, their hearts pounding.

Some distance away, the Raven Clan's young man stood, sneering as he looked at them. He said with a cackle to the man beside him, "Had it been us Ravens, we would have killed some to make it a sound warning. You people are weak."

Li Ming snorted, his own voice having an overbearing edge to it: "Don't mix us with them."

The man sneered even more. "Would you have killed? Kak, how laughable!"

"We wouldn't have killed," said Li Ming, "But we would have sure given them a punishment they won't forget in their lifetime."

As they watched, the chaos in the crowd settled and the people could only leave their sacks of coins there before they left. Some had crying faces filled with remorse, some had faces that seemed relieved, and some were even shivering in fear.

Some of their whole life savings were there, some of them were here in the city to pay their debt, and some were just out of the bank after taking a debt.

All sorts of people were there and all of them could only leave. Nobody would dare to question a major clan in their own city with a measly Awakened level of strength. Most of them were only mortal to boot.

"Thanks, Uncle!" Shi Wei bowed deeply to the man, his back matted with sweat. That was over 6000 coins and had he lost it, he would have had to work his ass off for months to come for nothing.

He would have struggled.

The big man, imposing and mighty, nodded with a calm face. "Us Shi should be careful, go back to the clan, and face the wall for ten days. And I will cut your contribution points by thirty. Give me that blue lotus you just bought."

Shi Wei nodded with relief. Ten days were mild for today's chaos.

Luckily it was one of the kinder uncles he met. Had it been someone strict, he would have had to spend a month at least.

"Here Uncle, I wanted to ask if you can set this lotus up in a—" Suddenly, Shi Wei turned absurdly silent as he checked his hands, sleeves, sack and everywhere he could think of.

"What happened?" The imposing man asked with a frown.

Shi Wei's face paled slightly as he said, "I can't find the blue lotus."

***

Some distance away, calmly entering Starlight Zone, Han Li was soon back infront of his house.

He shook his sleeve to get rid of the remaining stones in his hands and licked his lips as he entered his home.

Yue Li and Liyue had towels covering their faces from dust; they looked at him entering in curiousity.

Did he get anything?

With a smile, Han Li got comfortable and sat on a chair beside him; it had yet to be packed.

He then retrieved a blue flower from his chest. "A poisonous Magical Resource of the Water Type. Created with the blessing of the Water Great Dao. It is a low level resource but good enough for my purpose. Got it in a nice deal with a foreigner from Soman City."

His red eyes shined.

That was fun atleast.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61 - 61: Weird ways of Luck-Trade
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a deep night and the moon was absent from the dome of heaven, nevertheless, the stars shone with ever-brilliant light and the sky was as limitless as ever.

Atop a small home's roof were two people, one a black-haired young boy and another a black-haired woman — Yue Li and Han Li. His head resting on her lap.

A golden screen rippled and beamed in front of them. Han Li looked at it with a thoughtful gaze.

[Luck Trade!] It said.

He and his mother were alone on their rooftop and once again, they were trading another thing with the system. Both of their hearts were stirring.

It was especially a bit scary for Yue Li since she had always seen it as a very scary and weighty power to be in the hands of someone like her. Of course, since knowing it was not all godly and just trade, that had changed.

Her son took Yue Li's hands into his and gently clicked the Luck Trade option with it.

[Owned Luck]

Lifespan: 30 more years.

Cultivation Talent: Sacred Soul and Body.

Assets:

—  {Demonic Lust Sutra}

—  Starlight Family Home

—  623 Sacred Coins

—  Blue Rising Vulgar Lotus.]

"Ah, our Sacred Coins are thinning!" Yue Li exclaimed.

Han Li also looked at it but he was focused more on some other things. The System didn't show any of his weapons like the Life Sword.

Just like the Life Great Dao, he had never really completely understood this magical screen either. He wanted to figure out what it truly was in this life.

"Well, don't worry about it, and wish for a Water Spring Fruit." Money wouldn't be an issue for a long time, Pang Li hadn't left with his money, and taking over his shop wouldn't be hard.

He just hadn't claimed it.

Yue Li closed her eyes and without any questions, muttered silently in her heart: 'I wish I get a Water Spring Fruit'

The system screen shifted again.

[Assets you can exchange for the low-level Water Dao magical resource; Water Spring Fruit — Blue Rising Vulgar Lotus. Accept Trade? Y/N]

Han Li's eyes shined and he clicked 'Yes' using Yue Li's hands.

She opened her eyes and smiled at him as his gaze shifted to the blue lotus in his hands. No, there was no longer such a flower in his hand — it had vanished.

They both waited in anticipation, their eyes glimmering slightly.

How will they obtain the object this time?

This was the biggest exchange Yue Li had seen and it was not like any other. Magical Resources couldn't just pop up out of nowhere, right?

It had to come from somewhere and most avenues were blocked by the three clans. Someone won't just come here with a resource in hand, right?

No way!

Their things had already been shifted earlier. They came here to have a final look and Liyue obviously didn't follow them; she knew what personal time was.

As the cold night breeze blew against them, Yue Li shivered and fell into her son's hands. "So cold."

Han Li caressed her back and looked around. The area around here was as silent as ever at night, the night birds were making sounds at intervals and cicadas were chirping at their own pace.

In his gaze, there was nothing here that could give him the fruit.

His red eyes kept glimmering and his gaze kept roaming, but nothing unusual was happening at all. It was pitch dark around but he could still see clearly enough due to his enhanced senses.

Knock* Knock*

Someone knocked on their door and their hearts skipped a beat. Han Li frowningly let go of his mother and activated his spark.

Someone came all the way here and silently at that. Had it been someone like Liyue, he would have heard the footsteps at least.

As his senses expanded, his mind suddenly calmed down after seeing who it was. The person outside was someone he knew.

Han Li moved into his house and Yue Li followed. She was intrigued by who the strange man outside was. She had never seen him before.

With a small creak, the door opened and Han Li looked indifferently at Li Ming. He was standing there with a casual smile and sparkling pair of eyes.

Han Li's head overflowed with thoughts. 'Did I leave any clues behind? Did he notice I was the one who threw stones? Is he after me because I ruined his marriage?'

No thoughts aligned. But he secretly looked around. The only issue was — if he had to kill, his mother who was behind him would have to see something gruesome.

"What might you need at this time of the hour?" Han Li asked calmly, ready to move at any second. He could almost picture snapping a neck.

Li Ming scratched the back of his head and said, "Ah, sorry for the intrusion but I saw you guys above the roof from some distance away…"

"So?"

"So I knew you were not asleep."

Han Li's eyebrows twitched. Had there not been that thing about the trade, he would have already closed the door or made some probing moves.

"What are you looking for me for?" he asked instead, but his irritation was evident in his tone.

Yue Li also blinked from the back. Li Ming threw her a brief glance and ignored her, focusing his gaze on Han Li. "Fellow Clanmate, I wanted to apologize for my behavior some days ago at the gate. I had acted too rampant and irritated."

A frown was forming on Han Li's face, what kind of idiot went to apologize at midnight?

Something seemed wrong.

"Okay…" Han Li said calmly, "Apology accepted."

Smiling, Li Ming shook his head. Saying, "You don't have to accept my apology with nothing. My pride won't allow it."

Taking out a small blue fruit from his sack, he gave it to Han Li. "I saw earlier that you were looking for the Blue lotus in the trade earlier. I just became an inner circle citizen today, so I can buy fruits now. So, you can take this as my apology."

Han Li looked at the fruit. 'Water Spring Fruit'.

The fruit looked like a blue apple, but its stems were spring-like and it had this blue shine. Some of the rare Magical Resources that people could identify at one glance.

"Isn't this too much for an apology?" Han Li asked as he looked at the fruit. A free meal didn't really go well with his stomach.

Even though he had paid the system its price, it seemed a bit far-fetched for someone to give him this for free.

"Well, I can now buy low-level Resources simply. Uh… I am not allowed to trade behind the scenes but giving one as an apology is fine," Li Ming said as he looked up at the sky.

Han Li followed his gaze and found nothing in particular.

"Thanks for the present," he calmly asked, "Now can I close the door?"

"Well, Yes, since my goal is fulfilled."

"Then you shouldn't play around here and go back to your home." with a final warning, Han Li's door slammed shut.

Li Ming looked at the closed door, blinked, chuckled, and then left the area.

Inside Han Li's home, Yue Li looked at the blue fruit in his hand and asked curiously, "Who was that?"

"He is that Li Ming kid who was supposed to marry Liyue."

Yue Li's face brightened. "Ah! No wonder! No wonder he came all the way here to give you a fruit."

Han Li's eyebrow twitched in irritation. "Why?"

"Wasn't that the person who said he was enlightened?" Yue Li couldn't hold back a chuckle, "The person who said he was meant for men and not women. The Gay guy?"

Han Li looked at the fruit in his hand weirdly. Gay…

He sighed. To think that he would be courted by a man someday... In all 500 years of his past life, something like that hadn't happened.

Shaking his head with a chuckle, he said, "All kinds of people in the world. I thought for a second he was eyeing my ugly mom. Didn't have to soil my hand with blood."

Yue Li and Han Li headed back to their rooftops as they spoke about the event in laughter. "He must be trying to impress you for now to slowly gain your trust."

Even Han Li had small creeps at that. He had become a Young Master stealing a woman last week and now he was a young woman who had taken the fancy of a young master?

He blinked irritatedly. No matter how old and experienced, that made him disgruntled. He wanted no man near him, nor his women.

But still, he was far more intrigued about the System than the small thoughts of a small man.

This was a fruit that Li Ming had worked hard to earn and the System still influenced his thoughts to make him give it up. And had he not used the system, would he still have come?

And why did Li Ming buy the exact fruit that he was vying for?

As they reached back the roof and he once again laid his head down on her lap, he couldn't help but look at the fruit with a scrutinizing gaze.

Yue Li giggled after staying silent for a while and Han Li pushed the complicated thoughts to the back of his mind. He finally had a resource to improve his body.

That was one down the list.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62 - 62: The Seven Great Daos
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li stood in his empty home, sword in hand, feeling the warmth spread through his body as the coldness of night tickled past his naked torso.

He had just eaten the fruit but he could already feel his body transforming slightly. It was as if his bones were becoming mellow, or as if his body was being squeezed gently by waves of water.

But that sensation was slowly fading and in his opinion, should vanish in an hour or so. It was just an after-effect of eating a Magical Resource.

Just like the nasty fishy taste in his mouth.

"Mom," he said to Yue Li who was observing him curiously, "There are seven Great Daos and among them, the resources easiest to get are from Water, Earth, Air, or Fire. Getting a resource blessed by these four Great Daos is much easier than getting one of the other three — Darkness, Light, or Life."

Yue Li looked at him with a focused face, she had to remember these things. Han Li breathed out a wave of misty air and clenched the knife's handle. "Each Great Dao's Magical Resource has a specialty in a way. The fruit I ate earlier was a magical resource related to the Water Great Dao — Water Spring Fruit.

And it is one that allows my body to grow stronger instead of something poisonous like the Blue Raising Vulgar Lotus, which was also a Water Dao resource."

Yue Li nodded after a bit of thought.

"Since the fruit is a Water Dao material, it cannot improve my body's strength or endurance. Water Dao resources can only improve a body's Flexibility."

With that, Han Li waved the sword around and Yue Li looked at him enviously at first before noticing how his wrists were bending unnaturally.

"That doesn't hurt, right, Xiao Li?" She asked with a frown.

Han Li smirked, and putting the sword down, simply stretched his body. He contorted it in weird angles and his limbs bent and twisted with ease.

"A single fruit is that powerful?" Yue Li said in disbelief, "A yoga practitioner will need years to get to that level."

Han Li stretched some more and felt a phantom pain all over his body. He contemplated inside, 'My body is very flexible, but it isn't completely functional flexibility. I should train a bit more to get used to it.'

"Mom, no. One random fruit can't get you to be as flexible as me and even normal low-level Magical Resources can't do it. But a Water Spring Fruit is different. It's a resource that you can rarely find, even one every year is a good amount. That fruit will take your body's flexibility straight to best mortal levels."

Suddenly, Yue Li asked curiously, "So, you can now attempt Evolution sooner?"

Han Li went closer to her and gave her forehead a flick. "Flexibility, Strength, Endurance, and Agility. One good fire resource, one Earth resource, and one Air resource. My body would be sufficiently strong for a mortal then."

It would be as strong as any mortal could hope for.

Yue Li rubbed her forehead and asked, "Don't you also have to become a Master at a weapon like us?"

He took a cloth and wrapped it around his sword, like a sheath. Then paused before saying, "I am practicing for that. You don't have to worry about me, worry about yourself."

Blinking, Yue Li said a bit worriedly, "Xiao Li, we should also get some pro's help before we truly try to Evolve. It will improve our chances."

Han Li put the sword aside and sat on the ground. He then brought her into his embrace, she looked up at him and without waiting, he kissed her.

They went at it for a while and he said coolly, "I have it all planned, so just do what your son tells you."

"Otherwise?" Yue Li looked at him with a pair of starry eyes.

Han Li looked at her and smiled. "I might increase your training?"

"Then I just won't do it." Yue Li pouted.

Han Li's smile widened. "Then maybe I should just care for my wife and let you go. I only love hard-working people after all… so sad that my dumb mother will have to stay alone from now."

Yue Li looked at him and gently bit his lips. "I know you won't leave me but never tease me with such words anymore. Ever!"

"Who said I am teasing?" Han Li chuckled. "I don't mind leaving you if you slack off. You don't want to see that, do you?"

Yue Li looked at him with round eyes. Asking, "Even if I let you kiss me as much as you want?"

"Even if you let me kiss you as much as I want."

Yue Li took one of his hands and placed it into her underwear. "Even if I do that?" she asked.

Han Li gently rubbed his fingers against her hairy pussy and just stayed silent for a while. Yue Li could feel her son's hand move around her vagina's slit without entering and frowned with a reddening face.

His finger brushed past the slit but didn't enter.

Yue Li held back a moan and looked at him with a wronged look.

His fingers expanded her pussy lips and his middle finger entered inside. Yue Li moaned slightly, "Nhm!"

Without stopping, his finger moved inside her wet insides and she clenched his clothes hard. "Even if you do that, I won't let you slack," Han Li whispered as his mother started breathing heavily.

Her face grew redder, and she tried to speak but only a cute moan came out.

One more of her son's fingers slid in and she could vividly feel them move. "Xi..Xiao Li!" she moaned.

Han Li didn't stop and increased the pace of his fingers. While his thumbs played with her clitoris.

His other hand moved behind her and supported her waist, also pushing her deeper into his hands. She was growing sweaty and her vagina was wet with love juice.

Moving his lips, his met hers and they were soon in a deep kiss. His tongue fighting a different battle from his hands.

His fingers moved just like that for a while and kept playing with one particular part of her pussy. She finally couldn't handle it anymore and with a hard clenching of his robes, she came. Her nectar trickled down into his hands as with deep breaths, she fell on his chest.

Han Li took his hands out and looked at it. He took a whiff and put it into his mouth. "You really love my cum, right? I will give you as much you want," she flirted seductively.

At this point, his cock was standing straight and she could feel it poking her on her butt. "Look at you, so energetic."

Han Li curiously looked at her. She was so eager today. "How do you plan to calm my energy then?"

Smiling with a flushing face, she said into his ears, "I can use my mouth if you want…"

Han Li pushed her down to the ground and looked into her eyes. "No need for that. I like to do it naturally."

She was too angelic. He just couldn't make her do it.

Yue Li pouted and steamed inside. 'You're the dumb one!' It took so much effort for her to say it.

Han Li smiled and kissed her once more. She could feel his strong body right above her and she could feel her son's oppressive energy.

Her hands pushed without strength at his chest as he undid her stained clothes, her clothes were soon off and then her ancient looking panties were removed carefully right after.

His own clothes were also quickly out of his body.

He then spread her legs and put them over his shoulders. She looked up at him curiously as he looked at her pussy. It was pinkish and slightly hairy.

The most beautiful pussy.

She trembled as she felt his standing dick pressed against her butt. Han Li slid his penis into her extremely tight vagina first and then pushed in, his dick got lubricated and he thrust into her for a bit.

"Nhng!!" Her body shook as his waist slammed into her and his dick penetrated her tightening insides.

Even though they did this often, her insides were as tight as ever and she could feel the pleasure extremely well.

"Xiao Li! Slower, it's… it's sensitive…" she said with a loosening face but Han Li just thrust into her with one push and her breath hitched.

She had to improve her mental endurance.

Moving his face to lick her boobs, her legs bend even further in his hold, and she moaned in pleasure at his strong cock deep in her.

He started to move his waist back and forth, his dick expanding her insides with each thrust.

She kept moaning and Han Li locked her hands to the side. She felt completely helpless and could only let her son have his way.

He just kept moving in that one way and seconds later, Yue Li's pussy tightened and she came. He smiled and his jizz exploded into her.

She took deep breaths in and out and sighed deeply, her back soaked in sweat.

Han Li patted her face. "Want more?" he asked.

She pouted and looked to the side with a red face. Han Li planted a kiss on her cheeks and her heart started to calm down.

But Han Li smirked and kissed her again on her pouting lips.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63 - 63: Punish and Grow.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Han Li and his mother moved into Liyue's house, their usual training continued. It was supposed to be a boring and mundane training for both of the ladies, just doing repetitively what they were told — at least, that was what they expected.

But Han Li was strict. He wasn't like the teasing son Yue Li knew who liked to pamper her discreetly. He wasn't the silent but serious guy that Liyue had thought of him to be either.

In training them, he didn't show even a bit of mercy. He always woke up early and woke them early to go for runs. Then, they trained with weapons.

Whenever Liyue trained, he would gently embrace her from the back and guide the sword. But when she did something wrong, he would kiss her nape or sometimes even outright tease her.

She didn't particularly dislike it and often made mistakes. He took advantage of those moments to make her awkwardness vanish.

Even though she would blush all the way to her neck when his hands unknowingly squeezed her boobs or caressed her butt, she never resisted. Even though there were instances when she ran away.

Yue Li on the other hand was trained even more harshly. She was always making some mistakes, so Han Li gave her more and more impossible tasks like… taking five pushups at once.

Never did she actually complete it.

But Han Li's punishment for her was not much, just smacks on the head or flicks on the forehead. Or just cold baths in this cold weather.

She was constantly grumbling about how cruel he was but he just took her and dropped her into the water at home.

Liyue didn't know that there were other punishments that happened at night either, and she didn't notice; how Yue Li's face turns red when he flick or smack her head gently.

Still, she could clearly tell Yue Li was improving. Her body was not doing much better but her Knife skills were becoming better by the day — Just like her own spear was.

Han Li's teaching was clear, despite his frequent teases or plays; so even before a month was complete, her Spear had reached 'Average' proficiency.

She could handle a spear even while her Soul Sense was spread out. Just basic moves that Han Li taught — for now. But that was still much better than having trouble walking with her senses just a month ago.

And as of now, he had almost touched all parts of her body while clothed. The times he kissed her nape out of nowhere had become too often. His hand was mostly on her waist or even slightly below it when he taught her the spear.

He rarely kissed her on the lips but he did that at times too. She had unconsciously started to become a part of the family…. And she loved that sensation greatly.

Han Li never forgot to visit her mother Li Yao in her room either, bringing wine and food. He was just a loving son-in-law who liked to spend time with her and she wholeheartedly accepted it.

Yue Li was still their main cook.

***

The middle of the fifth month had arrived and winter was at its peak. More than almost two weeks had passed after he ate the Water Spring Fruit. And since then, he had kept going to the market to find another Magical Resource of any kind.

He was quite lucky and had found 3 other Fruits, but all three of them were sadly all Earth Dao Resources. But all of them were perfectly suited for Body refining and he didn't have to use the System.

He had got it in a bargain from a mortal merchant who had no Spark and couldn't tell whether something was a magical resource.

Eating Earth Fruits only improved Endurance, but after eating it, his Endurance had become top-notch for an ordinary mortal and he could keep having sex for a much longer time if he wanted.

But he didn't really exhaust Yue Li to her bones and made it a habit to only have sex once every day for now — His Mother would easily tire out after that.

Of course, she was always tired before they even had their special moment. His training, covert teases, and then their night activity later… she was always steamed out.

But surprisingly enough, she never complained seriously. She actually liked the current ongoings somewhat. Most she did was jokingly flirt about it.

And he hadn't given them their Earth Fruit yet since he wanted them to train by themselves first for a while. Nevertheless, with that, two of his body's goals were done.

Flexibility and Endurance. Now he only had to make his body Strong with a Body Enhancing Fire Dao Magic Resource and improve his agility using an Air Dao one.

But since he couldn't find any for now, he didn't rush it and just kept going with the flow. Getting used to the improved flexibility and endurance took time for his body after all.

The faint phantom pain all over his body had to vanish before he could confidently say he was at his peak level for his current cultivation stage.

For now, his cultivation was at a standstill, so he focused on training them as much as he could. Especially making their mind endure more hardships without them even realizing it.

As for Li Yao, he didn't have much development with her other than being an excellent friend. But still, often while trying to heal her with his special method, he did make her aroused slightly and there was a time when she even moaned.

She was embarrassed and he had to stop but still, that made them slightly closer.

At this particular moment, he and Liyue were practicing spear while Yue Li was making food inside their home. Han Li was behind her with his one hand wrapped around her waist, and the other on her chest.

Her face was red and she held the makeshift spear held weirdly. Han Li gently squeezed her boobs and she gulped. At the same time, his hand below moved slightly and started rubbing her through the clothes.

She was immediately startled but didn't move and just clenched her legs. Han Li gently teased her through the thin training clothes and he could feel her start to get wet.

He gently nibbled on her ears and she dropped the spear out of shock. Han Li didn't mind and instead started to move his fingers more roughly, she swallowed and held back a moan but his hands slid in just a bit into her vagina through the clothes and she moaned involuntarily.

"Nnnn~"

His fingers went through her thin clothes and this time, entered deeper. His hands kept fondling her boobs and she could even feel something poking her on the back.

Just like that, Liyue awkwardly remained silent and Han Li continued fingering her. She was breathing heavily and moaning, while he was totally focused on her pearly ears.

Han Li could feel the heat between her legs and the wetness surrounding his hands as he with a bite of her ears, clenched his hands around her pussy. She gasped audibly and arched back in his embrace, her love juices overflowed and he supported her body.

With a tremble, she squirted in his hands. All over her clothes.

Han Li smiled and let her relax. She ruggedly breathed in and out, her heart beating heavily and her mind spinning.

"Is this your first orgasm, Liyue?" he asked while resting his head on her shoulders.

Her face blushed heavily and she tried to move, but her legs felt slightly weak and Han Li hadn't yet moved his hands away from her inner thighs.

"Tell me if you want to move." Han Li tightened his hands tightly and she gasped again due to her current sensitivity.

"I…I'll tell you after I wash up!" she said stutteringly.

Han Li raised an eyebrow. "Okay, but my mom would see you like this if you go there, right? Aren't you embarrassed?"

"I will go to the bathroom I..in my room," she stuttered again.

"Then won't your mother see it? Are you not embarrassed by that?"

"She.. She already know you do na…naughty things with me!"

Han Li smiled and kissed her side. "Good, but you dropped the spear earlier, so, should I give one more punishment?"

Liyue shook her head like a cat who got stepped on it's tails.

Han Li chuckled and let her go. She breathed a sigh of relief and ran away.

Shaking his head, Han Li looked at his stained hands and sighed.

Then cleaning his hands, he looked towards the market. If he couldn't find any resources today too, he will have to make Liyue an inner circle citizen and make her buy it.

It will be a bit hard but not too much since the girl did have unearthable potential. Unlike him and Yue Li, she had a Starlight Spark too.

Well, he still hoped he might get something good today.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64 - 64: Time comes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li, Liyue, and Li Yao sat in the kitchen, discussing their training. They were waiting for Han Li to return so they could eat breakfast and then go for more training. When he came back home. That was what he saw first.

Han Li sat beside them in the kitchen and smiled at the delicious smell of fried fish while putting a new flagon of alcohol to the side.

Yue Li and Liyue didn't stop chatting. "So, the knife is actually far better in my hands even if I don't light my Spark, you know? I can cut and slice so precisely now, I think I might be able to defeat the chef from the inner circle soon enough with my improving cooking."

"Then, you can start a restaurant of your own and everyone would love it. We can earn many more Sacred Coins too," Liyue said with a nod while giving Han Li a side glance with reddening ears.

"That's right!" Yue Li grinned. "I want to see that chef's face when he has no hope of defeating me!"

Han Li looked at them curiously. They really were growing closer. He was sitting near Yue Li, and beside them was Li Yao seated on a comfortable chair — she couldn't move much, but eating with everybody was possible as long as someone helped.

"But, Mother-in-law, it is better if we eat in your room from now. You shouldn't move much in your condition or you might trigger the chaotic soul energy inside and…"

Li Yao nodded slightly while throwing a side eye at him. He saw it and could only smile wryly. She had seen Liyue's earlier condition after all.

Liyue and Yue Li finally stopped their conversation and looked at Han Li. "Did you get any new magical resources, Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked as Liyue started to serve the food.

"Nothing new," Han Li sighed. "The three clans really are strict. Not to mention, they don't even have the same person looking after the place every day."

Soon, hot porridge garnished with herbs like cilantro or chopped scallions and savory and crunchy fried fish were served infront of each of them. But Liyue and Li Yao only had one plate infront of them.

"Let's eat." Han Li took a leaf-made spoon from the side and started eating.

The rest followed and the table turned somewhat silent. Liyue fed her mother. This was the norm, Han Li also fed her at times but not in the dining area at least.

"Look at them Xiao Li," Yue Li suddenly said, pointing a hand half full of porridge at him. Yue Li never used things like spoons, she liked to eat by hand.

Han Li didn't hesitate and ate it. Yue Li smiled and looked at him with anticipation. Han Li fed her a piece of fish.

Then, they silently enjoyed the dish.

…

After taking Liyao back into her room, Han Li brought Liyue and Yue Li out for training. Just like usual, they once again went out of the zone and city to the forest surrounding the city.

As the morning light embraced the trees, the birds sang, and the coldness of the surroundings lessened; they began their training. Han Li didn't especially tell them what to do and they did it by themselves.

What Yue Li had to do was mainly body training but she always failed to do even one pushup. Liyue giggled at it and kept practicing the spear.

Thrusts, pierce, swipe, hook, parry, stab. All kinds of movements had been taught to her by her 'husband' and she tried to emulate his movements as much as she could. When it was wrong, he helped her.

Of course, that came with touching her but somehow, such teachings held on in her and she got better and better. As for Yue Li, when she was sure she couldn't do that one push-up, she would covertly move back to training her knife.

"Stop, Mom." Just as Yue Li was about to start training like usual and cut stalks spread around her in precise targetted areas, Han Li called out.

She looked at him innocently.

Han Li came beside her and said, "Hold your knife straight."

Yue Li did that and Han Li moved behind her. He slightly adjusted her posture and made her stand straight. "This stance is the basic horse stance. You will have better mobility in this stand."

Footing and stance were the foundation of mastering a weapon after all.

"Okay." Yue Li got comfortable in the position and remembered it.

"Hold the knife with a firm but relaxed grip, keeping your wrist flexible for swift movements."

Yue Li slightly loosened her wrists but kept it flexible.

"From now on, you will learn basic knife strikes such as slashes and thrusts, and defensive techniques such as parries and blocks. I will be your sparring partner. When all of that reaches an instinctive and clean level, you will have reached the High-level proficiency."

Having made her posture correct, Han Li kissed her on the nape and whispered. "Do it well, since it will be your foothold to mastering Knife. Once you do, your mind will also be as sharp."

Yue Li gave him a slight headbutt, and with a chuckle, he left her side. "For now, practice hitting stalks at exactly the place I marked and not slowly at that. Try to make precision your focus."

Pouting, Yue Li got into it.

Han Li smiled. He might do some questionable things while training but even those also helped them grow in some kind of way. Like sexually touching Liyue which made her closer to him and not so nervous around him.

For both of them to reach a 'High' level of proficiency in their weapon, it would at least take 3 to 4 more months and he wanted to reach Evolution soon since he didn't plan to use their strength.

He looked on as Liyue shifted around with the spear. Even though her movements were too rigid to even be called okay, she was doing fine for now.

Her hold around the Shaft was how it should be, so it was just a matter of time now.

"Liyue," he softly called.

She did one fierce swipe and stopped. Han Li blinked. So she was focusing on swipes.

"You know the inner circle, right? What do you think of becoming a member inside?"

"Inner circle member?" Liyue looked at him weirdly. "Big brother Han, the trial to become a member is harsh and I heard among five hundred and more members of the clan, only less than a hundred are a part of it."

Han Li sat on a small boulder nearby and shook his hands. "Don't worry about it since I will make you win, just tell me if you are interested or not."

Liyue turned silent and Han Li didn't force her. He knew this was somewhat of an important moment for the girl since her father wished dearly to become one.

"…I want to become one," she said, her face down.

Han Li looked at her with a thoughtful gaze. Even though she had grown bold enough to call him Big Brother, the girl was far from a confident lady. In good words, she was an extremely humble girl who didn't really like outside attention — or cope with it well.

In a bad sense?

She was a girl who couldn't get anything done by herself. Someone who was extremely conscious of herself and others. Someone who didn't think of herself as worthy of much.

Han Li took a deep breath. This was why Evolution was such an important step in normal people's cultivation. Once they Evolve, they will become confident in themselves and that is a foundation by which people grow.

"So, let's do it tomorrow. You will go take the 'Inner circle test' early in the morning and I will come with you."

Liyue nodded, her heart beating heavily as she clenched the spear hard. She even felt as if the world was spinning slightly.

"Rest for an hour and meditate. Try to think of yourself as a confident person."

Liyue nodded and went near Yue Li to sit back and meditate.

If she succeeds in becoming an Inner Circle member, he could get his resources tomorrow and after getting used to his body for a week or two after that, he should be able to Evolve. And only then can his path truly start.

Han Li smiled and started doing his exercises. His endurance had risen by a tremendous amount by mortal senses after eating the Earth Dao resource. And he was extremely flexible too.

He could now take 600 to 1000 pushups in a single set and still not feel too tired. His body was also starting to have subtle changes as the power of the resources settled in.

He now had clear cuts under his robes and they were becoming prominent every day. Once all four aspects, Flexibility, Endurance, Agility, and Strength reach their potential, his body should finally have some exceptional changes.

A Spark wasn't merely useful for cultivation, it was also useful in subtle aspects like keeping body conditions in check and allowing for explosive growths. It fundamentally changed a human.

It made his body still not entirely digest the powers to protect himself and he knew he was not at his full potential yet.

Maybe, it was time to show the world it's youngest Evolved. An evolved who succeeded mere months after his Third Awakening in Evolution.

Han Li chuckled in his mind. Only because of his hard work and mastery over weapons was something like that even remotely possible. As far as he knew, the youngest Evolved ever in Sacred Lust was 21.

But that guy was a true genius whereas he was a 500-year-old monster in the body of an 18-year-old. Nevertheless, only the outcome mattered — not the process.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 - 65: Inner Circle Test - Simple.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today, the morning was a bit special — it snowed. As the white motes fell from the sky and children looked up in wonder and joy, in the center of the village, where the white flag was usually raised every month, stood two people.

It was none other than Liyue and Han Li. The place was rather empty today and there was no hubbub or audience, just them both, waiting. Liyue's nerves were taught and she was in a bit of a panic, but Han Li's hands rested on her back, making her more confident.

"Ah! Really! Finally, it was damn time the snow came and you guys had to pick this exact day to take the test? Bloody…" Said a voice from the side, which suddenly grew silent.

Han Li looked sideways and frowned inwardly. The person overseeing the test was Li Ming.

Coming to the flag area after reporting it to an Evolved was the way of inner circle testing. He had already gone in the morning to meet the iron-masked Fang Li and was told to wait here for the test taker to come.

Silently walking in front of them, Li Ming looked at them with wide eyes and pointing fingers. "You…You…!"

Han Li calmly said, "She is here to take the test. I am not."

Li Ming's heart pained slightly. In front of him was a woman he was supposed to marry, with another man. But more than that, a man he had affection for.

Eyes twitching. Han Li glared at him with his piercing red eyes. "Are you the one here to oversee the process?"

Li Ming pushed down his building anger and nodded. He was someone trained from a young age. Someone believed to have the talent to reach Evolution safely; his mind was quite different from ordinary people.

He nevertheless glared at the woman, his emotion once again stirring.

The Shan Liyue in front of him didn't exactly look like the woman he was supposed to marry some days ago. The current her was like a spear. Silent and ready to move at a word. She wasn't exactly the most beautiful out there but her long black hair and night-like black eyes even made someone like him — who had come to know of his own liking for men — notice it.

She even seemed to have gained some confidence in her brows.

Liyue looked back at him with an awkward face. Still, she tried as hard as she could not to look down at the ground. Han Li had told her not to look down like that.

Feeling the man's gaze was about to move into improper areas of his woman, Han Li said lightly, "We should start the test if you are the overseer."

Li Ming cleared his head and once again turned to look at Han Li. He had somehow become much more handsome than some days ago. His neck had slight curves and he seemed somehow more manly overall.

How cool! How handsome! Look at those eyes, I almost want to kiss him. Thought Li Ming as he finally nodded and looked at the big flagpole to the side.

"Brother Han, please don't misunderstand me. I was just shocked that you were the one who married Liyue. No wonder, I don't even feel defeated if it's you!"

Han Li just pointed his gaze at the flagpole, his eyes calm.

Smiling wryly, Li Ming put the subject to the back of his head and became a businessman. Just like he had some days ago when he willingly let go of Liyue for the money Pang Li had given him.

"So, to pass the Inner Circle test is very simple for capable people. The flagpole here is the bone of an Ice Bear Transformation Cultivator who was at the Power Birth Stage. All three clan heads joined to kill that Demon years ago and these bones were left behind. Each clan's flagpole is a part of his body."

Liyue was relieved she had less attention on her than she expected and looked at the flagpole. 'What do I do to it?' she wondered. Not surprised that it was human bones in front of her. Some Transformation Type Cultivators could grow in size and a big bone like this was not really too unbelievable.

"What you have to do is, hold on to it and and don't take your hands off for 30 counts. Don't worry, it is not harmful and the part put to test is your mind."

Han Li gave her a slight push and she reached near the flagpole. She could already feel a slight coldness emanating from it.

In her mind, it was basically impossible for her to win. After all, people much better than her had failed at it. How was she supposed to win? But Han Li had told her he would make her win and she hadn't seen a reason not to trust his words till today.

Han Li on the other hand was calm as he pondered. In one way, the fact that the overseer was this kid was a small blessing in disguise. "As long as she stays like that for 30 counts, she wins, right?" he asked meaningfully.

Nodding, Li Ming looked at him curiously. "Yes, as long as she can stay like that for thirty counts, I will add her as an inner sect disciple."

Liyue gently put her hands on the pole and as the coldness spread in her palms, held on.

It was as if her soul was freezing.  An extreme coldness started to penetrate her hands and into her brain, making her feel frozen.

1, 2, 3, 4… 7, 12, 13, 14....

Liyue was almost at her limits and she felt as if her hands were tearing apart.

Han Li smiled and taking an Earthen yellow fruit the size of a berry from his sleeve, fed it to her mouth. She swallowed it instinctively and her body started to feel lighter and warmer but at the same time, heavier.

Earth Root Berry. A magical resource of the Earth Dao that makes a person's endurance like that of a bull after being eaten. It wouldn't have helped her here had she eaten it earlier but since the sudden warmth calmed her down, the seconds passed as she endured.

20, 25, 27, 30!

Liyue held on for some seconds more just in case and was then forced back with heavy and pained breaths. Li Ming nodded from the side while Han Li supported her.

This was a hidden method but not something against the law. As long as someone knew it, they were allowed to take advantage of this flaw, but almost no one knew the weakness of the iron bars — knowing that and having a magical resource alone was proof of someone's worth.

He didn't even mind how Han Li got another magical resource, as long as someone can get it, he can have it. just that no open transactions were allowed outside the clan.

"You pass. Now Shan Liyue can visit the library's higher floor to read more valuable books and also buy magical resources from there. But you have to tell me how you know about the flagpole's weakness. And you are also to keep silent about it."

Han Li nodded calmly, his eyes shining.

"I was eating the magical resource you gave me some days ago and as it melted inside me, the cold surrounding me vanished. Then I thought about this trial and had a feeling this would work."

Nodding thoughtfully. Li Ming took a wooden medallion from his sleeves and gave it to Han Li. "This is carved with one of our Evolution Stage cultivators. Don't lose it."

Han Li nodded but Li Ming didn't let go of the medallion yet. "And Brother Han, I don't mind you having a relationship with women."

Irritation building up. Han Li took the medallion and with a sigh, walked away with the faint-headed Liyue in tow. Had it been a safe place, that kid's head would have rolled today for being too weak and too irritating.

But he was someone usable. A pawn in the making if he actually Evolves.

Taking Liyue on his back, he chuckled as he walked away. Some day, someday he will have such power again. Where he could go on murder sprees whenever he felt like it.

Behind his back, Liyue was feeling a situation of cold and warmth all over her body and was feeling drowsy. So she gently laid on his back and with a smile, Han Li headed to the library of the inner circle. Only people with a medallion were allowed to buy a magical resource and he could buy one there.

Liyue asked, feeling a sense of surreality, "Big Brother Han… did I become an inner circle member?"

"Yes, you became one."

"So..So I am also one of those young people said to have a chance at Evolving now?" she asked hesitantly, her voice filled with disbelief.

Han Li shook his head inside. 'Minor achievements that can't even be called an achievement.'

But still, he smiled, somehow, this girl made him calm down slightly.

Maybe because of her slight resemblance to Yue Li or maybe he was just becoming less wary of people in general and loosening his hold over himself.

"So…So, I and Li Ming are now equals?" she asked, her hands wrapped around his neck.

"No, that Li Ming kid will kill you in one blow. His body is top-notch in every angle and by his posture, he should also have 'High' proficiency at either a war blade or a Saber. Take either of them and add his experience to the mix. My little fiancee doesn't stand a chance."

Liyue blinked. Feeling embarrassed, but then realized she was literally on his back. She blushed fiercely and tried to calm down.

Big Brother Han had already touched me down there and we're going to become husband and wife. I don't have to be shy!

Soon, they reached a small building. Entering inside, Han Li smirked as he saw an old man with flaring nostrils. "Old Man Book, you are as energetic as ever, I see?"

The old man looked up from the scroll in his hands and looked at Han Li. "Oh, Han Li?" The old man blinked tiredly. "What book do you need this time?"

"I don't need books. I need a Fire Burst Fruit and Air Soft Berries. I have 3700 sacred coins at hand. Give me as much as you can!"

That was the whole coin savings Pang Li left behind added with his own. Now, he was officially broke.

Of course, he still had a stall in the outer circle which he could run or sell. And with Liyue's medallion, they could even move to the richer part of Starlight Zone if they wanted to.

Old Man Book looked at him with wide eyes and then sighed. "What a lucky man you are to marry a useful wife. Mine was so useless when it lived. Ugh, bad experience, bad experience!" He cursed and went behind a curtain to take the said resources.

Luckily, everything mentioned was in stock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66 - 66: Top of Mortal Physiques
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the end, the savings in Han Li's hand could barely buy 2 Flame Burst Fruits and 2 Air Soft Berries even with discounts that a clan member receives. But with those in hand and Liyue on his back, he returned home.

Without anyone waking her up and due to yesterday's tiredness, Yue Li was deep in her sleep. Han Li didn't wake her up, Leaving Liyue home, asking her to prepare breakfast, and taking something from his room, he left — the resources in his hands.

Liyue was curious but she didn't ask where he was headed. The snow outside was growing heavier and she was craving for something hot. She also wanted to tell her mom how she was now an Inner Circle Citizen of Starlight Zone.

Han Li might not have seen it as something grand but for her, it was grand. Something that herself a month ago couldn't even think of. Even now, she was reeling inside and even the disgusting taste of the Earth Berry couldn't make her think otherwise.

Although the pain and discomfort in all her movements due to the improved endurance did make her groan slightly. It was just hard to move, not really too painful or completely unbearable.

***

Heading deep into the forest surrounding the Southern Lust City, Han Li moved forward with a clear sense of direction. After about fifteen minutes of walking through the thick woods, he reached a small pond; its surface frosted over by the climate.

He took off his clothes and let out a satisfied sigh as he dipped his leg into the water. The ice gave way with a cracking sound as his leg touched it, and the intense cold made his body shiver involuntarily.

Not minding that, he took a small, glass-like berry from his clothes and popped it into his mouth. It tasted like metal and was extremely disgusting, but he didn't mind that either.

As the flavor settled in and the berry went down his throat, he took another orange-colored fruit and bite by bite, devoured it too. It tasted like charcoal.

These were the Air Soft Berry and Fire Burst Fruit.

Both were Mortal level resources that can help a lifeform reach its top potential in a specific aspect of their bodies. Eating a single Air Soft Berry in their lifetime would make a human already stand out amongst his ordinary peers.

Han Li could feel his body growing lighter, and more agile. His reflexes became as sharp as a housefly. With his experience, he could tell his body had become as nimble as an ordinary cheetah. Just after that, he felt his body bursting with strength.

It was as if his blood was bursting after the Fire-type fruit got into his body. Each cell, each bone felt full and explosive with might, had gorillas fought him, he would have probably grounded them in battle.

A deep sigh escaped his mouth and transformed into snowy mist. All his body started violently spasming and black filth poured out of his pores in an excruciatingly painful manner. He didn't even groan and his eyes only grew sharper.

Only a minute or so did the torture last and smelling the disgusting scent oozing out of him, he jumped into the pond, to the cold harsh water. His dirty body was cleaned thoroughly and he washed himself in all areas for about an hour straight.

Floating above the pond, he then looked around at the wilderness. "Strength of an Elephant, agility of a housefly, flexibility of a cat, and the endurance of a bull," he muttered softly.

Those were the actual representations given by the sects at the top of this continent to confirm whether someone had a perfect mortal physique — he now fulfilled all the conditions. All the inherent potential of the three magical resources had now completely melded into his body and modified it for the better.

He was now among the Elites of the Awakened Stage even if he didn't use any of his future memories. If he fought in his current condition even without a weapon, he would be extremely dangerous — a beast among men.

"But still just a bigger ant in an Evolved's gaze."

He could only die willingly if an Evolved wanted to kill him. Of course, if he used all of his means, he might be able to endure one or two direct blows but that was about it.

As the coldness kept his overheating body calm, he swam to the edge of the pond and got out. He could now attempt Evolution any time he wanted and if someone in the world had a chance to succeed, that was him. But he had no plans to do that for now though, after all, his talent was still barely 'High' and not Sacred yet.

Smiling, he sat to a side and took something out of his robes that were put to the side again.

It was a mirror. Covered with a golden frame of archaic design. It reflected his slightly changed appearance and body that would make any normal girl swoon, but he didn't care for that, he looked at the mirror and with a deep breath, let his spark burn on it.

This was the Heart Reflecting Mirror — a miraculous object that was rarely ever seen. It was said that only a hundred thousand of them existed in the continent at any given time and once used, it will vanish. Only to reappear somewhere a century later.

Before having a breakthrough, it was always better to have a clear heart and this mirror was said to be one of the best things that helped people do it.

It had been a real stroke of good fortune for him to find it in the city in some random girl's hand.

The mirror suddenly started cracking as a profound sensation of being gazed at spread through him. It was as if a pair of eyes roamed through his body. His heart clenched at the foreign sensation but he remained seated with a focused, red gaze.

With a resounding crack, the whole mirror cracked and a broken image of himself briefly reflected in his eyes before the mirror vanished from his grasp like smoke.

"You have disappointed me, Han Li." said a voice from behind him, filled with a profound loathing. Making Han Li's scalp tingle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67 - 67: Reflection of the Heart
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You have disappointed me, Han Li." said a voice from behind him, filled with a profound loathing. Making Han Li's scalp tingle.

He swiftly turned around like a blur and glanced at the man standing behind him. His heart immediately started beating heavily.

It was a man wearing a black martial robe, his hair a long fall of white, his skin a pale caramel and his hands bloody. His eyes, as red as crimson blood.

"Surprised?" The man asked, his voice barely suppressing his fury, "Were the 500 years of grueling training just so you could be surprised at a disaster you called out yourself?"

Han Li's eyes trembled slightly. The man in front of him was familiar to him. His robes which were once white but had turned black due to the tremendous amount of blood he had washed the lands with were nothing new to him — it was he himself.

The him just after the Transcendance War.

The Red-Eyed Demon, Han Li.

He frowned and looked at the black-robed version of himself. "So the mirror directly reflects my own self-image? Is this my heart?"

The man looked at him with dead fish eyes. Not replying to such worthless questions.

"Let me tell you another of the mirror's attributes instead. One that is not as widespread as the other details. If you fail in this reflection, you will have at least 10 times the difficulty in raising Cultivation Stages." The man chuckled, his overbearing voice making the birds scatter.

Han Li only stared coldly at him. Himself or whoever, no one was allowed to barr his path.

"Look at that face." The man walked closer and Han Li didn't try to walk away. "Those cold eyes, I know those. Determined, and faithful to the hard path you have to tread. Those are my eyes but they no longer fit you, Deep down, you know it too right?"

Han Li's eyes never left the man's gaze. The reflection continued, "The man I was is not you. I am not one to accumulate a bunch of trash and burdens that will only make my path harder." The gaze burned into him.

"You're growing mellow Han Li, you are growing away from what you are meant to be. We're Demons, people who will kill their own parents to achieve their goals. Don't you remember the days when I — ah not I — YOU! Don't you remember the days you killed little kids, barely at the age to talk, in cold blood to reach your goals?"

Han Li didn't even blink. He had killed innocents before and he would still kill if they were harmful to him. It was the basic law of survival, there was no place for emotions there.

The illusion snickered and continued, "Yet that you are here, putting more burdens into your heart. You started to have affection for that Liyue girl too, right? What a joke! Yue Li was one thing I could understand, but you came all the way to the past to actually add more burdens instead of finally improving your chances of reaching that sacred goal?"

Han Li's eyes grew deep and thoughtful. His hands clenched slightly.

"Ah! HOW embarrassing, you always say you want to control life and death and achieve Eternal Life, and that's how you do it? Laughable! Do you think that kind of goal is something you can achieve…" its voice turned as cold as ice, "without sacrificing everything, prove your heart to me Han Li, is your heart clear?

Is it still the same Heart of Cultivation that strived to achieve your goal while keeping your mother at your side? Have you not… strayed from the path?"

Han Li's face darkened a bit as he glared at the reflection. Indeed, he had strayed from the path he had once sworn to walk. In his past life, the number of people he felt affection for was numerous.

The girls he felt he had to protect were not just his mother. But he had cut all affection away from his heart and sworn to revive Yue Li and become an Eternal being with her before once again letting his heart free. But had he become an Eternal Being?

Had he made sure Yue Li or even both of them did not die this time?

He didn't even have another chance. And still, he had chosen to bring more trouble to his life by allowing a budding affection for a girl to build up in him?

"Pathetic, right?" The Reflection faced him an inch away from his nose. "What will you do if Liyue dies this time? Cut affection for Yue Li to become a demon so you can once again attempt reaching the place where even your more resolute self couldn't?"

Han Li looked at it and sighed deeply. "I never thought the mirror was that useful. It really showed the fault in me. It really is a rare and beautiful treasure that is worthy of its renown."

The reflection raised an eyebrow. "You will cut your affection for her? Return to the path moving towards greatness?"

"Maybe that too is a good choice…" Han Li sighed once more. Finally, he moved his gaze away from its eyes and to the direction where the distant sound of footsteps could be heard in his enhanced senses.

"So you are not choosing to cut away emotions for others this time?" The reflection frowned deeply, a profound sensation of disappointment on its face.

Han Li smiled. "I killed many in my past life and maybe, unknowingly, I killed myself too. Do you know how lively my heart could be? Ah, you can't. Because I know you, your heart never beat when you saw cute actions from a woman after mom's death after all. But mine does now, maybe, I don't want to kill myself this life."

The reflection looked at him with an even more disappointed gaze. "You really have disappointed me, Han Li. Are cute women more important than your goals? Your cultivation?"

Han Li chuckled. "I never said that, did I?"

He spread his hands apart. "I just have to prepare more than I did the last life. I just have to kill more than I last did. I just have to be much more protective of the ones I care about. I just have to be… much, much stronger."

"Do you think true strength comes without sacrifices?" The reflection snarled.

How naive was he? Had he not seen the world at its core?

Han Li chuckled. "I am a Demon, what do you think true demons are supposed to do?"

The reflection turned silent. That was true, he himself couldn't call the himself of his past life a 'true' demon.

"Speechless?" Han Li chuckled. "Yes, true demons follow their heart and do what it so desires."

The man looked at him, profoundly stunned. "Do you have that much belief in yourself?"

"Just as much belief as you have in yourself."

The reflection started fading away and the man looked at him deeply. The path of a true demon… "So you — No, I — chose this path this time. It will be much harder."

With a sigh, the reflection vanished along the snowflakes in the clearing.

Path of a Demon was easy. Path of a true demon? It was harsh.

A Demon can be ruthless to all to achieve his goals. But a true demon will always have burdens in his heart that will only accumulate over time.

In the true world of reality, such burdens will be used by your enemies against you. They will be your fatal weakness.

Nevertheless, to willingly take it on and believe in oneself to be the final winner — that was a True Demon.

Han Li ignored the vanishing reflection and frowningly looked to the west. Footsteps grew closer and closer, and his face fell as a man came into his vision.

His heart dropped as the man noticed him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68 - 68: Meeting a Disaster face to face.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The man had a calm face, he wore black martial robes and on his head was short, curly black hair. His black eyes gleamed chaotically as they met Han Li's deep red eyes.

They were both about 6 to 7 meters apart but both of their senses were sharp enough to easily see each other. The black-haired man frowned at the naked Han Li and moved towards him.

Han Li casually took his robes as his mind spun in all angles. The man came in front of him exactly when he got loosely dressed; his nose scrunched up at the fishy smell around the area.

"Physique cleansing to achieve the perfect mortal body, you are quite capable. Young man," the black-haired man said with a chuckling voice.

Han Li tightened his white robes and looked at him. He had probably been misunderstood to be an outsider due to his not so alike appearance to the other Starlights. Especially, his eyes. But that didn't make him relieved.

"I was just lucky to have entered my clan's inner circle and bought the 4 essential resources," Han Li said, his face reddening shyly.

The man raised an eyebrow but then asked what he was there for, "Did you see someone with a similar appearance to me somewhere? He has feathers for hair instead of the ones like mine."

Han Li's heart turned tranquil as he showed a confused expression. "I haven't seen anyone like that. And I came all the way from the west today."

Even as he casually replied, Han Li's mind was spinning. The person in front of him was no normal man, he was the Clan Head of the Ravens. Someone who was one of the three most important people in the city. A Power Born.

He looked like a youth but Han Li knew not to underestimate him. He knew this man was as ruthless as Kevin was — and much stronger. There was a chance he would be killed just for breathing in front of people like this and even though no pressure was released, he felt taut.

His life was in a thread and any time the man so desired, he would be dead without the shadow of a doubt. Power Birth Cultivators were disasters in human form, but Han Li tried to act as ignorant as possible about the man's identity.

That was the best for now.

He also implied he wasn't from the Starlight clan with his words about him coming from the west. Thankfully, today he hadn't worn an actual clan robe but just ordinary white robes too. Or he might have been killed for just being a talented Starlight.

Luckily, he didn't look like a Starlight either. He had been exceptionally lucky that day. But that only made Han Li seethe inwardly.

"He was not there all the way till west?" William Raven, the casual-looking man murmured.

"But I did see people like you who had similar eyes and hair, but none of them had feathers for hair," Han Li said with a thoughtful expression.

William shook his head. That must have been junior members of the clan. Evolved all had feather-like hair or something else distinct about them. "I heard loud speaking from around here and came here to check it out, was that you talking to yourself?" he asked as he turned to leave.

Han Li shyly scratched the back of his head.

"What an interesting young man." William smiled and with a chuckle, left towards the south of the forest. Going further west was useless for now.

Han Li just watched him leave and only after he moved into the green forest and vanished did he sigh in relief. But then he clenched his hands.

He had been caught off guard in this encounter. Indeed, even though these people were nothing to the old him, to the current him, they were threats. He should have cared more, and prepared more.

This encounter was not under his control. And that, was something that shouldn't happen. He breathed out and walked back home, his mind spinning with all sorts of calculations.

There was a good chance Kevin's body would be found in a short time since someone like William was out in search, but even if it was found, it was okay. There was no way an Evolved's death would be associated with a mere Awakened like himself.

No roots were left behind as a cause of trouble. Han Li walked into the city and moved towards his home. But he then thought about his current condition.

Almost no Awakened could stand against him at this point, his weapon skill was top notch, and his body was top notch too. Only his Energy Limit or in other words, talent was weaker than the best as of now. He should quickly get that needed Soul Energy from Li Yao and Evolve.

As he moved through the forest, he suddenly remembered a poem one of his women had recited in his past life.

"Living in a land of peace, you grow lethargic. Living in a land of death you grow lethargic. I wonder then, where the hell was, I wonder then where the heaven was…" He smiled. "But I know, in all hells there is heaven, just as in all heavens there is a hell."

As the morning sun moved, it was almost straight above their heads. Time was nearing noon and way past breakfast. Han Li shook his head and smilingly entered the Starlight Zone.

The guard, the women on the way, some men, all of them looked at him as he passed by them. They didn't know why, but Han Li especially made their eyes move towards him.

A physique so shapely that women felt their throats dry up at first glance. An eye so deep men felt their hearts tremble at it's depth.

Nevertheless, Han Li didn't care and just walked past with a humble smile.

Reputation was a good weapon to build. People's voices might help him down the road. No reason to act arrogant and lose the hearts of others. Soon, he was back home and smiled at the sight of Yue Li and Liyue training outside without him.

They smiled instinctively in a sense of smug satisfaction at his smile.

It was never the situation or predicament, not hell nor heaven, it was the person in it that mattered. One could be in heaven and still feel sad, one could be in hell and still feel happy. It was never the situation, it was always how one used it to their advantage that mattered.

Even now, he had many advantages like 500 years of memory or his mother's enigmatic system, but only if he took advantage of all of the good things would he stand a chance.

…

Suddenly, Yue Li and Liyue blinked in amazement. "Xiao Li…!"

They were stunned.

He looked so much different from the morning. It was the difference of stone from clay, he was still evidently Han Li but his face had no flaws. It was fair and healthy while his body emitted an innately athletic aura.

"Amazed? Surprised?" Han Li laughed. "This is how a mortal perfect body looks like, too handsome, right?"

Yue Li and Liyue moved beside him and his mother touched his chest. "So thick."

Liyue was too curious about one thing and looked at his hands unblinkingly. Han Li offered it to her and she blushed slightly as she took a hold of it. 'So firm...' she said in her mind.

"As strong as an elephant. Your husband could totally uproot trees and break down walls." He looked at her with a smirk. She looked at him confusedly, not understanding what he meant.

Smiling, he whispered something to her and she immediately stood rooted. A blush slowly coloring her face a cute red.

Yue Li saw she was looking away and checked her son's important organ. Then sighed relievedly. "It didn't grow any bigger."

Han Li pinched her cheeks. "It did grow stronger. If I was bad at using my strength, I might even hurt you accidentally by pinching like this."

"Will we also become more beautiful if we eat all the four fruits?" Yue Li asked with bright eyes. Not minding him pinching her cheeks non-stop.

Liyue also blinked and looked at him with a red face. "Of course, you guys will grow more beautiful. But of course, I don't plan to give it to you any time soon."

Frowning and holding his pinching hand, Yue Li snorted. "You are not the one to buy it anyway. It's my daughter-in-law who decides if she gives it to me or not, right, Yue'er?"

Liyue looked at her with wide eyes. That was what her mother called her. She had the profound urge to say yes, but then embarassedly looked away. She didn't know what to buy, nor did she have any money.

Nor did she want to go against Han Li's wish.

Yue Li sighed in disappointment, her eyes a bit wet. "Look at this poor mom, she doesn't have her son on her side and neither does the daughter-in-law stand up for her. What a cruel world."

Han Li ruffled her head. "You need at least High Proficiency in a weapon to have Top Level Mortal Physique while having full control over it. Or you will just have a lot of power with no good control. You will just break stuff with that kind of strength, it will be nothing good." He paused. "So become a High Proficiency knife user first.

Or just reach my level of body with natural training instead of resources."

Had the librarian known that he had already eaten the Earth and Water type resource, he would have never given the Air and Fire type without making sure Han Li had reached 'High' proficiency.

Liyue and Yue Li looked at him with awe. That meant he was already at the High level then?

Yue Li was surprised but thinking back to the way he handled his sword and taught them, it was only normal his skills were better than theirs.

But he rarely ever trained with his sword. He only teaches or exercises his body…

My son is so talented! He reached that level with only this much training.

Had she known people at Han Li's age with Awakened High level were considered fiendishly talented people who were training at the weapons even before Awakening, from a tender age; she probably wouldn't have thought like that.

Or maybe, she still would think the same even if it was revealed he had more than just 'High' proficiency.

"Anyway, is Mother-in-law awake? I have something to do with her."

"Mother? Yes, she just had breakfast," Liyue said while pushing a stray hair away from her face.

"You guys stay here and practice, I'll come join you later."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69 - 69: Meiying, his beloved!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li walked towards Li Yao's room with a faint smile on his face and a warmth in his eyes that hadn't been there before. No matter how foreign the illusion had seemed from himself, in the end, it was his own heart's reflection.

In the deepest core of his heart, he knew Liyue and Li Yao would only add to the weight on his back as he climbed this mountain of life to reach that far-away peak. And he had naturally only kept the budding affections in his heart distant.

He didn't want more weight instinctively. But now here, his heart was a different one from the one he had yesterday. His heart of cultivation had changed — It had broken through.

Previously, his Heart of Cultivation was based on two things: Protecting his mother and reaching a level of might where life and death are under his control. It was an extremely solid Heart based on the demonic path.

In this path, to achieve those two goals, he could sacrifice anything else. He could kill infants, burn the world down, or sacrifice anything else in existence. It was the epitome of demonism. A man going at his goals.

But that sacrifice included his own happiness and his own everything. He would not let himself feel love for others, he wouldn't let himself do anything that Is in any way detrimental to this goal. But after the reflection, it had changed, and deep inside, Han Li knew it had changed.

Now, his heart was the same, but it also had one more goal — to live a human life that also gave his own human desires some space. As he stood outside Li Yao's room, Han Li stopped for a second and thought of it.

In this life, he wanted to live like a human. He wanted to do good for all of the women he had cut off from his past life. There had been some people whom he had betrayed in his past life.

Even now, he could remember his beloved Meiying's face as clearly as the day she died for him. The girl had loved him so deeply, she cut her own tongue off instead of revealing his whereabouts. She had been surrounded by the righteous scums who were in search of him, but for his goals, he abandoned her with the same cold gaze he had adorned for years.

He was cruel. Ruthless.

Ruthless to others but far more Ruthless to himself. He had actually loved her just as much. He would have been ready to throw his head away from her without a blink. But no, his goals were more important.

That was the more logical step to take. If Meiying was saved and he died, that would be the end. But if he successfully ended up achieving his goal, he could revive his mother, the dying Meiying, and everyone he cares about who ends up dying.

So, he had cruelly abandoned her as she looked on with a soft gaze as he hid just above her in a hidden corner. He had witnessed her being killed right infront of him with lips bit and blood flowing.

He had been far too weak to fight against the righteous group then. That was the day he began to cut off affection before it could take root in his heart. Many came after who loved him just as much as Meiying, but never again had he loved them back.

He always cut off the bud of affection right at the beginning. "But no more." Han Li muttered in his mind. No more will he let the world walk over him as he waits to achieve his goals one day, he will not allow a situation where he is not under control to happen.

He will let himself do whatever he wants. No longer will he bind his own heart in chains. He will let it roam free and live to its content, and this time, no one will surround him. This time, he will be the one who knocks — he will be the danger.

And to put a start to this, he would let himself love Liyue. He would let himself care for Li Yao. He wouldn't mind having affection for them.

Most True Demons let their heart lead the way no matter how hard the path seems, their bare greed would let them walk through thorns and nails. But he was different from those ordinary true demons.

Their hearts are based on their desires, if they felt greedy, they steal, if they felt lustful, they rape, and if they felt sloth, they sleep. But he was not like that, he was above his base emotions — he didn't mind losing worthless things like satisfaction.

As their hearts were based on desires, their desires controlled them. But he wouldn't let himself easily fall for such

He will kill, only if it benefits him. He will have sex, only if it actually makes him feel fulfilled or if it is useful. He won't just follow his instincts like a dumb idiot. He will be a true demon who will sacrifice anything for 3 things now.

To be under control of his own life and death. To protect his loved ones. To protect his own Heart of cultivation.

'My heart of cultivation became much more complex, but I should be much more powerful when I Transcend. Far more powerful than I previously was.'

Transcendence mainly focused on the heart after all.

Spark Acquiring, Awakening, Evolution, Power Birth, Transcendence, Demi-Sacred, and Sacred. The seven stages of cultivation were so, and at his peak, Han Li had looked down on all below Transcendance like ants.

And he himself?

He was one of the strongest people on this continent. A Transcendent. And not merely that, he had complete Mastery of the Sword at the Transcendent Stage.

His eyes brightened like a torch as he entered Li Yao's room. Yes, he was accumulating more burdens on his path to the top. But he was sure he would be able to carry it. He was confident.

Unlike his past life, he had experience. And once he transcends, it will only be more profitable. And he didn't want there to be another situation like Meiying.

...

He smiled warmly as Li Yao's eyelashes fluttered open in confusion. She had made it a habit to doze off around this time to make her crippled life less lonely when her Yue'er or someone else was not around.

She blinked as Han Li's face came into her sight. He smilingly came beside her and asked, "Liyue told me you were awake and I came here to see you, how's the pain?"

Li Yao instinctively held her hand out for him and Han Li took it. "My pain flared for around a minute yesterday night, but it wasn't as severe as it used to be and it was not the major flaring."

Han Li sat on the bed and started massaging her hands. He didn't speak and just kept massaging. It was the usual massage but with a smile, Han Li decided to make it a bit more sensual.

His hands glided smoothly through her skin and she could feel her heartbeat rising. But she didn't think anything about it and just closed her eyes like she did usually. A while later, Han Li put her hands down and put his hand above her stomach.

She opened her eyes.

"Mother-in-law, I found a way to cure you," he said, gently caressing her stomach in a way that wasn't uncomfortable.

Li Yao blinked. "Cure?"

"Yes, cure. A one-time thing that will solve your issue once and for all," Han Li said, emphasizing one-time.

"What is it?" she asked, half curious and half disbelieving.

"I want you to let me do whatever I want to do with your body for once. And I will surely heal you. And believe me, it's done with pure intentions."

Li Yao looked at him with wide eyes. Her first instinct was to believe Han Li was after her body but she quickly scrubbed that off. He hadn't even done anything with Liyue who had already shown her willingness.

He was not such a lustful man.

"What will you do?" she asked, filled with misgivings.

Han Li kept petting her stomach slowly as he spoke. "Not something bad. It will heal you."

Li Yao looked at him with a puzzled gaze. "If it was just pleasure that you wanted, I am pretty sure your mother or Liyue would do it for you. Yue'er might not have noticed but I know you guys have a deeper relationship."

Han Li smiled awkwardly.

"…So, it can really heal me, and you won't do something really bad?"

"Yes." He could see she had misgivings and he also knew how to get rid of them. "We can get Liyue's permission if you want."

Li Yao hesitated but nodded, saying with a confused tone, "If Liyue allows you, you can do anything you want with me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70 - 70: Healing the diseased
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What will you do?" she asked, filled with misgivings.

"Yes." He could see she had misgivings and he also knew how to get rid of them. "We can get Liyue's permission if you want."

Li Yao hesitated but nodded, saying with a confused tone, "If Liyue allows you, you can do anything you want with me."

"Liyue, come here!" he shouted.

It only took a minute before Liyue walked into the room, confused.

"Liyue, can I heal your mother?"

Liyue looked at them with a pounding heart. She asked incredulously, "Bi..Big Brother Han, you found a way to heal her?"

"Yes, I did. And it's a surefire way to heal her."

She looked at them and nodded without even thinking. It was her lifelong goal to heal her mother. She clenched her trembling hands.

"Yes, heal her. Please, I beg you to heal her!" she asked as she looked down. Hiding her moist eyes.

"No need to be so dramatic. She's my mother too. Come here." He beckoned her and she confusedly came beside him.

Han Li said, making her sit beside him. "In healing her, I might have to touch her inappropriately. Is that okay?"

Liyue looked at his hands placed on her mother's stomach and finally understood why he asked her permission. It was to do the same thing he did with her earlier but this time with her mother.

She looked at her mother who was looking at her encouragingly.

She knew her mother from the day she was born and knew, she wouldn't hate her even if she said no.

"I don't mind if mother doesn't mind…" Liyue said, her cheeks growing hot. She didn't want her mother to be bedridden for the rest of her life just because of some kind of selfish thoughts in her head.

Han Li looked at the resolute girl and said firmly. "Since Pang Li has left, I plan to take care of both of you. So don't worry, I will take full responsibility."

Liyue looked at him and said with a nervous voice. "Actually, I don't mind if you guys really start having a more than simple relationship."

Han Li looked at her with shining eyes while Li Yao looked at her with a stupefied gaze.

She clenched her hands tighter. "You deserve it, mother. If Big Brother Han Li is willing to take you in, don't hesitate because of me. You deserve love. And Big Brother, If you can, please accept her. She is a really good woman."

With that, she exhaled deeply and walked out of the room after exchanging a glance with Han Li. He looked at her with a smile. She really was like his mother in many areas.

That was why he felt affection for her in the first place. Both of them didn't mind him having other women — They were a unique duo that had too many similarities.

Han Li patted Li Yao's stomach slowly as he spoke. "Better than what I expected, she actually accepts me taking you into my Harem."

Li Yao looked at him with a stunned gaze. "You want to take me into your Harem?"

"Yes. Who wouldn't want to? You should really look at a mirror sometime, you really look gorgeous, you know?"

She looked at him with baffled eyes. "But I am old and crippled. Do you really want to?"

"I can make you not crippled. Since my Liyue says it's okay, what man won't want to have both his mother-in-law and wife on one bed?" He moved and looked into her eyes. She looked up with a heavily beating heart.

"What about Liyue? Don't you love her?" she asked with a fearful face he hadn't seen on her before.

"Of course, I love her. And I plan to love her like a princess. And that will stay the same."

Li Yao sighed relievedly. She was really afraid for a second. As long as her daughter wouldn't be affected, this new development was not that big of a deal.

She moved back into her carefree demeanor. "To think you would covet such an old body like mine, don't you have any shame?"

"Actually, I wanted you the first moment I saw you. How is that?"

She looked at him with a stunned gaze. She knew young people like Han Li who was especially exceptional would have a Harem at some point and they had a liking for beautiful women.

"To think Liyue's husband was into Motherly women… Did it start due to your own mother?" she asked curiously.

"Yep. She is the root of the reason why I wanted Liyue, and you too."

"Do you guys have sex?"

"Yep. She enjoys it and I do too."

Li Yao took in a sharp intake. No matter how she had guessed, it was indeed amazing to hear it from Han Li himself.

"Do you know that I am married?" Li Yao asked seriously. She hadn't expected herself to be dedicated to another man in her life, and since it was happening, she wanted to make some things clear.

"I know and I don't mind since it already happened. But I do hate my women having any business with other men."

Li Yao almost choked inside. "I have no energy to have business with other men. Even you alone seem like a headache."

Having Harems was a totally normal thing in this world. Having Harems was the sign of a great man and almost all great figures in history had one.

It was not really a frowned-upon thing. But tying the knot with a mother and daughter would become the talk of the town for sure if it comes to light.

"Sigh…"

"Will your relationship with Liyue be affected in any way because I become a member of your Harem?"

"Not at all. In fact, it will only strengthen our relationship." Han Li couldn't help but chuckle at how straightforward she was.

She looked up at the ceiling and just stayed like that. Han Li also stopped chuckling and looked at her silently. No matter how carefree she seemed, he could see she was quite tense. She was far from being carefree.

"For now, can you try healing me, and nothing more than that?" she asked, her voice much weaker than before.

Han Li nodded and his hands gently undid her white robes around the belly. She closed her eyes just like she used to when he massaged her. But just that she was in a totally different mood.

Han Li looked at her as he massaged her supple stomach. She had long black hair, pretty black eyes, perfect eyebrows, and a very good shape. "You are not old at all." Han Li complimented.

She kept her eyes closed. She could feel her son-in-law's hands roaming her stomach, prodding her belly button as it went down.

No matter where it was, she was a beautiful woman. Even though not as cute or exquisite as Yue Li, she did have a mature charm.

Soon, his hand moved into her robes and it reached her vagina.

She was quite hairy down there.

Han Li's hands traveled down further and he touched her slit. She trembled and her body became tight. Han Li didn't move his hand and kept it; just touching her vagina wholely with his palm and feeling a warmth spread.

When he felt she was finally somewhat composed, he moved his hand around her pussy and just rubbed it for a while. She breathed heavily without opening her eyes and Han Li could feel she was becoming a bit wet.

He smiled and his finger drew a line across her slit. She moaned, "Hmmm!"

One of his fingers entered inside her and she opened her eyes. "That's dangerous!" she shouted.

Others would have been hurt by the chaotic energy but Han Li didn't, all the chaotic energy was instead absorbed by his spark. His finger curled inside her and she trembled as he playfully moved it inside her.

She started to leak love juices. And the moving energy all over her body made her pleasure peak. "Ha…Han Li, slow down!"

Han Li smiled as his second finger fondled her clitoris. "Nnngg!" she moaned as her body started to become lighter. It was way easier to move now and soon enough, her hands felt normal.

She used that and covered her shameful face with it. Han Li made one more of his fingers enter his mother-in-law's vagina. She was wet with love juice now and kept moaning as his fingers curled and circled inside her.

"Ah! Ah! Not there!" But no matter where he touched, she could only moan. Her body was too sensitive.

Han Li's finger entered deeply into her wet insides and her waist rose slightly as she moaned. "MMM!!"

She squirted uncontrollably and breathed heavily for a while before falling unconscious due to pleasure and the over-sensitivity of her body after losing all the energy suddenly.

Han Li smiled and said, "You can come in Liyue, you should take her to bathe."

Liyue came in with a nervous face and nodded. Han Li knew she was waiting outside and Liyue knew that he knew.

"She is extremely tired but she would no longer have to fear the pain. But her body is very sensitive, it might hurt if you use hot water."

All throughout Li Yao's cripple life, it hadn't only been just sleeping and eating. That was just the better portion of her life.

A crippled's life was not that easy. Taking baths, going to the toilets — All of it was a small hell on its own. But Li Yao held on and Liyue didn't ever complain about having to bear through it in helping her survive.

Han Li looked at her as Liyue gently lifted Li Yao and put her on something like a small carriage she brought. It was cushioned and perfectly like a seat.

Something Yue Li called a non-standard wheelchair some days ago. He helped seat Li Yao on it and Liyue left silently for the bathroom. She was very emotional, to the point she didn't even know whether to laugh or cry.

Han Li could see the tears leaking through her eyes and patted her head as he left. She was the kind of woman who he would care for.

And as she moved, he could feel how silently resolute of a person she was. She might appear meek, cowardly, and introverted, but beyond that was a woman who had endured for years. Someone who was like a spear, but hidden in a layer of mud.

As she headed into the bathroom, Han Li couldn't help but find a feeling of cherishing well up in him. He wanted to show her a better life, a more vibrant one.

He smiled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 - 71: Evolution
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The smell of grass and ice mixed together and spread around the area. The sound of birds and people's footsteps echoed from a far distance. Han Li's senses were enhanced to their peak as he meditated under the roof of his empty old home.

It had already started to fill up with cobwebs and spiders but he didn't care about that at the moment.

Fwoosh~

A red Spark lit up above his palm, the size of 5 baby fists. And his Soul Sense covered a 5-meter diameter around himself. In the covered area, he could see everything to it's minor details. From the small wings of an ant to its mandibles — it was clear to the T.

He could even hear its grinding sound.

Just like that, Han Li spent around an hour of time calmly meditating, he was like a stone statue, totally unmoving. Nobody outside could ever have thought someone was attempting to Evolve inside a normal-looking small house.

Who would even try Evolving in a day other than the days of Energy Abundance? When the Awakening Ceremony was not ongoing?

That would have been the thoughts of the normal men of this world, but Han Li didn't care. For he knew those were just a ceremony, it didn't matter in the success or failure of the process after all.

He breathed out the icy air inside his chest and his red spark started to rise up. It first detached from his skin and floated an inch above his palm. Immediately, his senses expanded to twice the amount it was. From 5 meters in diameter to 10 meters.

His head started to hurt as if a scorching nail was being hammered into his head repeatedly. But he gritted his teeth and looked at the spark resolutely. With his knowledge about the Energy of the world, he could see that the whole world's energy was converging on his Spark.

The Spark rose higher from his body and the pain increased. His heart started pumping in adrenaline. But his teeth grinded against each other and he clenched his hands as the feeling of his Spark losing out of his own control started to thump against his chest.

It had always listened when he told it to come out or go back in. But now, it was unresponsive. As it was absorbing the energy of the world, it was also being corrupted by this energy and melding into the world.

He smirked as a devilish grin plastered across his face. "You are not moving out of my control!"

The Spark suddenly shook and stopped 4 inches infront of his face. Illuminating it in the darkness as he focused all of his mind on the Spark.

The sensation of connection spread through the spark. He had a feeling as if his soul had become the Spark while his body was just a shell for it to live in. It was as if he was projecting his own mind outside of his body as the Spark burst in a red hue infront of him.

His mind briefly went blank but he immediately stabilized himself as the Spark floated infront of him. No longer a red little flame, but a carbon copy of his body in a flame form. It was like a spirit as it stared at him like a doll.

It felt as foreign to him as the stones scattered outside his room. He had no connection with it. This was the last part of Evolving, accepting the Spark back into the body and melding it into your true soul.

It had lost connection with him due to Evolution. His head became dizzy as if he had been hit by a metal rod in the back.

Nevertheless, Han Li made all of his power erupt for the first time in this life. All the bursting strength of a top-tier mortal body pushed him forward like a blur as he opened his mouth and devoured the Spark.

In seconds, the Spark would vanish since it had no connection right after transforming into that Spirit Like form, usually, Clan Heads would have helped at this moment by moving the Evolving man's body towards the Spark, but he had no help like that.

No matter how dizzy his body was, he made his body move by sheer will and swallowed the Spark. Immediately after, he toppled and slid on the ground as his consciousness shook on the verge of falling unconscious.

"Grr…." He growled weakly but he could feel his soul shaking, it felt as if a mosquito was buzzing by his ears before his red gaze brightened for a second and then dimmed as he slipped unconscious. His body sweating profusely.

Inside his body, unlike an ordinary human body was an Awakened Empty Space. It was dark inside it like the abyssal stomach of the deep oceans. But suddenly, a red spark in the shape of a human body appeared inside it.

It had the gait of a doll. Seemingly dead. But as it floated there, it started to absorb all the energy inside the Empty Space and the Body outside it. For the Spark, it didn't care whether the energy was Soul Energy or any other kind, it absorbed everything and started to transform further.

The Spark first gained a crimson glint in it as all of Han Li's soul merged into it. Then, its aura started to spread throughout the Empty Space and the 5-meter diameter started to expand. Slowly, the space became 10 meters in diameter with the only source of light being the Spark in itself.

But the process was far from over. The Spark's eyes lost their glint as Han Li drifted away into dreams. And as that happened, a red swirl appeared in the ethereal form of the Spark.

The Spark had Evolved. It was no longer a mere Spark but something much stronger. Something that was a source of power and change.

It had evolved into a Minor Dao Soul.

The Minor Dao Soul of Lust.

But Han Li couldn't yet explore the changes inside himself, he was somewhere else.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 - 72: Dream
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Xiao Li, Xiao Li, look at that girl, how pitiful. She is being sold to the brothel by her own big sisters… her eyes look so dead... Let's buy her?"

"I don't care. If you want a helper, just buy her." He replied, feeling his heartache at the girl's expression as she was being examined by a bunch of brutes with lustful gazes.

"It might get rowdy though… she is really beautiful."

…

"Look at you girl, why are you so dead-eyed?" Han Li asked with a face filled with irritation.

"He is right, Ruo, you should try to be a bit more lively. We are not like those people, nobody wants to hurt you here. And even though this kid looks mean with his red eyes, he is my son. He is actually kinder than me." Yue Li said as she petted the girl's white hair.

She looked at them with a blank gaze. She was like a child even though she was already an adult. But a child who had been deeply scarred.

Han Li had to say her brown eyes captivated him slightly. He rubbed his nose at the thought.

"What does Ruo have to do?" she asked like a machine.

"You don't have to do anything. We're his sidekicks, so of course, it is his job to carry us." Yue Li's chest puffed up at the words. "I might look like a useless person, but believe me, I am the one who plans out all of Xiao Li's actions. I am the smartest of us both."

Han Li rolled his eyes at them.

…

It was an icy hot winter outside and Han Li was covered with a blanket. Snuggling on both his sides were his two precious women. "Ruo, how does it feel to be in Big Brother's embrace?"

"Ruo feels calm in Big Brother's embrace. Ruo likes big brother," she said sleepily as she snuggled deeper into his embrace. He didn't care much about the weather but for these two, the coldness was too much.

"I heard a river was blasted apart by a super powerful cultivator and that made the temperature cool so sharply," Han Li said in a daze, "Mom, when do you think I will be able to do it?"

"I don't know…" Yue Li said with a tired yawn. Han Li looked at her with a smile. But deep down, he was growing anxious. Her Lifespan was reduced by the day and she only had a lifespan of 23 years more left.

She hadn't really noticed but the greying hair on her temples made his heart lurch. 'That Lifespan dew was according to their info said to be at the top of Yue Xian mountain. It will take me 4 more years for them to reach the north of the sacred lust continent. But it should be easy after I reach there.'

He could trade any Life Type of Material for the needed one after all. But Life was the hardest-to-find type of resource, and Yue Li no longer had her Body Cultivation Talent to trade for any. Her numbers were counted.

…

"Ruo likes Big Brother! Please marry Ruo!" Ruo looked at him seriously as she asked. Her previous traumas were healing, she was coming out of her shell. "If you marry me, you will not have to be sneaky anymore when touching me!"

Han Li rubbed his nose. "So embarrassing Ruo, so many people are looking."

"Ruo doesn't care about other people, Ruo only cares about Mother Yue and Big Brother Han."

Han Li looked at her and chuckled. The people around them stared at them adorably but the men's gaze couldn't help but waver at the goddess-like beauty that Ruo was.

But equally, the women couldn't help but look at Han Li with adoration. He was too handsome due to being a Life Dao Cultivator.

And that day, Ruo became a woman.

…

"The storm is heavy!" Han Li's sound was muffled as he cut through the snowstorm. "The mountain is just an hour away from here. There is a famous tavern around the area, Ruo, you bring mom there. I will be back soon. Check the map if it becomes confusing."

Ruo nodded. "Be careful big brother, the snow bear beast king there is as strong as a Power Born."

White, beautiful wings sprouted behind her back and she flew away with Yue Li in her hands. She looked down at her face and couldn't help but swallow.

'I hope big brother finds the resource.'

Yue Li was already growing weaker. Her hair was half white and her health wasn't really good. Her lifespan barely remained 22 years.

"Don't pity me, Ruo." Yue Li smiled as she looked at Han Li's back in the distance. "Even if I said not to go there, he will still do so, right?"

"He will Mom."

"I am such a burden for him, right, Ruo?" Yue Li asked, her voice a bit melancholic.

Ruo flew for a while in silence. "Big Brother Han was right. Old people do get grumpy."

"Tha…that bastard, he said that?"

Han Li smiled as he returned his protective Soul Sense back.

…

The beastly roar of a bear rang out in his ears as he opened his eyes groggily in utter pain. He couldn't move or shift, he was bound by the bear's huge paws as it feasted on his hands.

"No… No…" he groaned in pain but soon, his voice died down. The bear had taken a bite out of his jaws.

He stared at it with a hopeless expression. But the bear just snarled and kept biting his hands. The bones were chewed in and flesh was ripped apart.

His organs were spilling out from his guts.

'Mom… Ruo…'

As the last vestiges of life were about to leave him, a strong pair of hands surrounded the beast's neck and tightened. The beast tried to whimper and resist, but before it could, it was dead.

"There is a living boy here. His energy seems like an Ethereal Dao Cultivator of Life, but his body is almost as strong as a Transformation type Evolved's. How do you think he did it, Grandpa?"

"Wang Ren, that's what you call luck."

"Heh, let his Luck heal him then. But he was indeed the best bait, we didn't have to lose our suicide soldier because of him."

"This bear is the last Power Born level Beast of our region. The rest will be handled by the others. Come, let's head out!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73 - 73: The Tremble of Life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bleeding, organs flowing outside, and faceless, Han Li stood under the snowstorm. The pain felt frozen over, his heart felt stifled, and his mind — dead. He yearned for death, he yearned for release, but nothing could he do.

He was only capable of waiting for the world to spin.

It was at that moment that a trembling white hand made his dying body drink something as cold as life itself. But at the next moment, it went down his throat and warmed his body, broken bones mended themselves, and new organs grew back as the old ones were cleaned away by the hand while in tears.

Han Li opened his eyes to see Ruo, her face filled with tears and her hand covered in his blood. "Big Brother…"

"Ruo…? Where is mom?"

Ruo held back her tears and held his hands tightly, she said with a sobbing voice, "Mom is safely in the tavern. A pair of brother and sister is keeping a watch on her safety, they're genuinely good people."

"Guess I have to thank them then…" Han Li coughed out a wad of black blood and coughed violently.

But he rubbed the blood off and looked up at the unrelenting snowstorm. He asked with a weak voice, "Ruo… do you think I can get another Life Dew for Mother? Do you think another one is even in the continent somewhere?"

Ruo began crying as she fell on his bloodied chest.

"If the lands won't give it to me, one of the four sects should have one. I will join and buy it. I will give away my everything to the sect in return for our mother's life."

Ruo sobbed even harder. She knew he didn't want to be enslaved under one of the Sects. But now, he could only be enslaved.

Days passed after that and Han Li and his two women left for the nearest of the 4 Supreme Sects, Demon Restraining Temple. On the way, he was introduced to a brother and sister duo, Lu Meiying and Lu Shen.

Lu Shen was Han Li's first friend. A man of righteous beliefs and extremely solemn conduct.

Lu Meiying, a woman who was extremely rememberable for him due to her straightforward behavior.

But nevertheless, the reality was cruel. Demon Restraining Temple had a harsh rule that only ones with a righteous and heroic heart could serve it, and sadly, Han Li's heart proved to be not as righteous as his friend's after the trials and he could only leave.

He could have chosen to be an outer disciple but for such disciples, Lifespan Dew was merely a dream. Even for the major disciples, it was a far goal to get it.

Even Power Borns won't be able to get the dew easily. It was that rare, not to mention an outer disciple getting it. He didn't want to become their slave for nothing.

Then they began their travel to the next nearest sect. Wisdom Seeking Villa. A place known for its wide variety of disciples and customs.

They moved through carriage after carriages and passed by one city after the other. Until finally, 2 years later, they reached a blessed land for the cultivators.

He learned the art of the sword there. Fought through trials and with unrelenting struggle for 4 years, became an official disciple. A gu was planted in him to keep his loyalty assured and life moved on.

His gaze kept growing gloomier as Yue Li's locks greyed out one by one, only a mere 15 more years were left of her lifespan.

He was growing frantic, but he kept struggling to show the sect his worth.

…

"Mom, my sword reached Mastery at the Evolved Stage." Han Li said as he held Yue Li's hand. She already looked old.

"Hmm, can you cut water and light and stuff now?" Yue Li asked lightheartedly, a proud smile on her face.

"He can Mom," Ruo said from the side, a prideful look on her face too. "He is among the most talented 200 Evolved in the villa now. He is even in the Wise Warrior ranking."

Her big brother was so cool!

Han Li smiled. "My sword was a big reason I got to reach in the top 200, but just you wait, I will become as strong as those freaks in the top 50 soon. I am the successor of a Sacred Demon after all."

Yue Li nodded seeing his genuinely happy face. She was also happy, she didn't want to leave her son alone in this world either. That Lifespan Dew didn't seem like an impossible aim for her son.

Knock! Knock!

The sound of urgent knocks rang out and Han Li frowned.

"Who could it be this late in the night?" Ruo asked nervously. Her beauty had caused quite a lot of difficulty for Han Li in the sect at the start. Even now, many had eyes on her.

Han Li frowned and opened the door. A man in golden armor and almost twice his height looked down at him and said with a deep voice, "The sect is going to war. All disciples under the top 25 will be required to head out by tomorrow. Follow your squad and head out in a day! Any discretion against the order will be considered treason."

"Yes sir!" Han Li stood straight and bowed without a word of disagreement. The man nodded coldly and left for the next room.

Han Li stood there with a ghostly pale face. With his senses, he could hear the sounds from next door.

"This generation's Transcendence war is about to begin. All Evolution Stage disciples will probably be treated like disposable slaves." Said a whimpering voice filled with fear.

Gritting his teeth weakly, Han Li stood there, his mind reeling.

"How long does the war last?" Ruo asked him with a trembling voice. She had heard what the general said.

"7 years at the least." Han Li stared up at the sky, his eyes bloodshot. But he had no choice in the matter. He was, more than a disciple, a slave.

"No, I still have hope!" he looked at his curious mother looking at them from her bed, and muttered with gritted teeth. "I can have a breakthrough and reach Power Birth, then I will be allowed to come back."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 - 74: A Wave of Reality
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"No, I still have hope!" he looked at his curious mother looking at them from her bed, and muttered with gritted teeth. "I can have a breakthrough and reach Power Birth, then I will be allowed to come back."

Ruo hugged him from the back. Han Li was barely 33 years old and even the youngest Power Birth in the sect ever was 50. Both of them knew how improbable Han Li achieving the said feat was.

"But I am more worried about you guys Ruo… 7 years without me. Can you handle it?"

"You taught me the sword big brother. And the sect rules are on our side."

Han Li's eyes flashed open as it malevolently roamed around his room. His gaze was filled with a profound sense of suppressed emotions.

He clenched his hands and breathed in heavily.

Then breathed out.

His crimson eyes shined dimly for a long second as his tense body started to relax. "…It was a dream…"

That was right, his Mom was alive. Ruo was also waiting for him.

Briefly, that moment flashed past his mind, it was after his mother's death that he lost Ruo. That day was as vivid as yesterday in his mind.

He looked up. His heart tearing apart and his cheeks silently streaming with tears. Above was a woman's corpse hung on an ancient tree and beside it was a note written in blood.

"Betrayed by the person I love, there is no longer a reason to live."

He looked up at the lifeless eyes of the woman and breathed heavily for a while. He didn't know why, but the sword on his back felt heavier than ever as he gazed at her with a dying heart.

"…I didn't want to betray you… no…Ruo… I didn't betray you… it was all a scheme… a scheme…" He clenched the tree bark as his heart started to clench.

Why did all this hell have to be given to him?! I lost mother, and I now lose you too?

Is this the price of me walking the demonic path?! Do I have to lose even more of mine?

He weakly kneeled on the ground, hitting his head against the tree again and again as his body shivered.

The snowstorm seemed to have flowed into his heart, making it as cold as dead winter.

…

Han Li looked towards the sky with a sigh. His heart was beating heavily with forgotten emotions. Throughout his life like a dead man for those 500 years, he had forgotten that he had emotions, that beautiful face had gotten slightly blurry.

"Breakthrough Dreams are such great things…"

He yearned for the sight of that gentle beauty. He yearned to feel her warmth. "Ruo… my Ruo…" He paused. "Indeed, in my past life, I had killed myself." He said, strengthening his resolve even further on the path of a true demon.

He had given up on her by himself. She had been too beautiful, if he had to protect her, his goal of one day becoming powerful enough to resurrect Yue Li would be just impossible.

But he hadn't expected her to go and suicide. He hadn't expected her to really… leave him.

Nevertheless, that had been one of the biggest strengthening of his heart.

"I have been an unforgivable husband…" Clenching his hands, his heart started to ache. "Do I… still deserve you?"

He had always only ended up disappointing his loved ones. The people whom he had pushed away in his path of demonhood were numerous. His mother's death was like a switch that turned him from someone else to another person.

Even his previous Heart of Cultivation was in a sense, an extremely selfish one. To protect Yue Li and reach the level of immortality, to be able to control life and death — that was his dao heart.

He had reduced as many hindrances as possible. It was a path that was no good to him. He was more like an emotionless slave to the Dao. He was nothing.

But as a true demon, his emotions were worthy of his consideration. He was allowed to love, he was allowed to dream beyond the Dao.

He silently contemplated. "I hope I can gain your forgiveness this time around…"

Then, he took a deep breath and murmured in dissatisfaction. "I should have brought some wine. What a waste…"

If his path of cultivation was his personal hell, his woman was his beacon of light, the heaven in hell.

But for now, what mattered was training. Cultivation. Only with enough strength can he stand a chance at conquering the hell for himself.

Sitting cross-legged, his consciousness reached his Empty Space. In the deep darkness of the space sat a fire-like bright red soul. "Minor Dao Soul of Lust." Han Li murmured.

If a Power Cultivator of any Spark succeeds in his attempt at Evolution, his Spark will Evolve into a Minor Dao Soul. If Yue Li, for example, succeeds in her Evolution, her spark will become a Minor Dao Soul of Rainwater.

Even Han Li didn't know how many Daos were there in this world. But he knew that all Sparks were like the tickets to enter the cultivation of a Dao.

There were 7 Great Daos — Life, Light, Darkness, Water, Air, Earth, and Fire. But they were 'Great' Daos.

The amount of ordinary Daos that people could take control of to gain powers was almost countless in all of the seven continents. Lust, for example, is a Dao.

And since Han Li had the ticket to walk on the Lust Dao Path — the Lust Spark — once he evolved, he gained 'Minor' control over the Dao, and his Spark and Soul combined to become a Minor Lust Dao Soul, also called, Minor Dao Soul of Lust.

Now he had minor control over the Dao of Lust. And could learn its powers.

But as Han Li gazed at his Dao Soul, he couldn't help but frown. Unlike his previous life, there was something different about his Dao Soul this time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 - 75: Dao Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

But as Han Li gazed at his Dao Soul, he couldn't help but frown. Unlike his previous life, there was something different about his Dao Soul this time. Its eyes were a dark crimson contrasting with the rest of its soul form.

'Is it related to the Sacred Eyes?' Han Li frowned. He tried releasing his Soul Sense and it immediately left his body to scan everything 10 meters around himself. Evolution Stage cultivators didn't have to bring their Dao Soul out to Sense everything.

As his senses spread out, he sensed some flies, spiders, or some other insects inside his home. But there was nothing special about his senses, he put that aside for now and began to check the next thing of note.

His body and soul were completely empty of any kind of Energy of the world. There was not even a small amount of it there. He smiled at the site and started to meditate.

This was the point where people would start to have the need of a proper cultivation technique. Even though merely breathing could let them absorb the energy of the outside world, that was too slow. However, a cultivation technique could rouse the Dao Soul and make it breathe alongside the cultivator.

Luckily for Han Li, he had the Demonic Lust Sutra. As his mind started to become clear of all doubts, his heart became like an ancient well, he breathed in a weird fashion taught in the book left behind by the Sacred Demon himself.

It was the way that the Sacred Demon breathed naturally. A short breath, hold it for as long as he could, then a long breath, and hold it for some seconds, followed by a short breath… it was a unique cycle and as he followed it, he could feel the Dao Soul inside him stir.

Its red eyes brightened like a torch and it took a deep breath. The energy surrounding Han Li was pulled towards him like a vacuum as it invisibly vanished into his empty space.

Just like that, Han Li spent the next 60 minutes meditating. Inside his Empty Space, the Energy accumulated infront of his Dao Soul like white mist but it waved its hands in an action akin to a ritual. As it did, the mist-like energy solidified and changed in color to a red tint.

Exactly an hour later, there was a Red Crystal as bright as the Dao Soul itself floating in the dark Empty Space. It was like a small distant star while the soul was like the sun in this dark void.

Han Li broke out of the meditation with an excited laugh. "I didn't think I would be able to cultivate a Crystal in one day. Lucky!"

That crystal was the crystallized energy transformed with the aura of his Minor Dao Soul. It was Minor Dao Energy. Much stronger than the normal energy that Awakened had.

He needed to use that crystallized energy if he wanted to cast spells or fight. It was a mix of soul and body energy. Usually, it would take a week for him to have 5 crystals but since it was the first time, his Dao Soul could absorb faster.

It was like an empty stomach. It could eat only less the more it ate.

'With this single crystal in my body alone, I am far stronger than an hour ago,' he thought. 'I can now use Minor Dao Magic Powers.'

Until now, even if he had evolved, he was not any stronger than yesterday. Only using the Crystal as an Energy source to perform magic can make him stand out in front of Awakened as an Evolved.

But he didn't try to use such powers, he only had one crystal after all. But he still contemplated about it.

All 7 stages of cultivation had seven different kinds of energy. Awakened had normal energy in their bodies and Evolved had Minor Dao Energy. Minor Dao Energy combined with the resonance to the Dao that a Dao Soul provided was what made Evolved stronger than Awakened.

Power Born had Intermediate Dao Energy and Intermediate Dao Souls which made them far more powerful than Evolved. Han Li looked down in thought.

'I should focus on some good Magical Powers and get good at it after I accumulate some more Minor Lust Dao Energy Crystals. But that should be easier if I accumulate it the other way.' Han Li smirked at the thought.

Since his first meditation was over, his Dao Soul had already started breathing. It will now breathe automatically and he didn't have to focus much on his meditations.

Other than to clear his own mind of course.

And since his talent was Sacred, he would have 5 Crystals every week automatically even if he didn't do anything. That was why a cultivation method was so useful.

Even though already better than Average talents and High Talents, 5 was not his limit either.

This was the way all Daos under the Great Dao of Life stood out. It could absorb Energy in ways other than meditating and cultivating gruelingly for days. For example, his Dao Soul could absorb Lust and transform it into Energy Crystals too.

Standing up, he dusted his clothes and left his home. The passersby glanced at him through their side eyes.

Han Li hadn't grown stronger after reaching the Evolution stage but his eyes had grown clearer and his face had more liveliness to it.

He was already handsome and added with the innate confidence that he now had, it became even more obvious how capable he was. Almost any man would marry their daughters to him if he asked now.

He oozed the aura of elitism. And Han Li had no plans to suppress it. After all, for someone other than a power born to see that he was Evolved, he had to show off on his own accord. Or else, it was impossible to figure it out at a glance.

But as he was walking, he suddenly stopped and looked at a kid near Liyue's home and his heart suddenly skipped a beat. He glared at the kid and scanned him with his soul sense too.

When both the soul sense and his eyes focused on him, something happened.

Something that shook Han Li to the core.

His red eyes deepened and seemed to warp as information started to seep directly into his head. It was as if he had innate knowledge about who he was looking at, even though it was his first time ever bothering about the boy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 - 76: Special Eyes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

His experienced mind very simply sorted the information into categories and he analyzed it in his mind.

[Li Kai] [Age: 7]

[Current Cultivation: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Evolved, Starlight Dao.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 26 in the Transcendence War, killed by an aftershock of a Power Born's attack.]

Stunned and throat drying out slightly, Han Li looked at another person in his surroundings — An old aunty — and the same thing happened.

All of her information about her current cultivation and the cultivation she had in his previous lives were transmitted right into his brain. His heart was beating in disbelief as he stopped looking at the people and headed straight back home.

He didn't want to show him acting strange to these people. But his heart didn't stop beating heavily and he was soon near his home. He entered using the key that Liyue gave him and the moment he entered, closed the door behind him.

"What was that?" he asked himself. Heart still pounding.

Yue Li and Liyue were eating noodles, alongside Li Yao. It was Li Yao's first time eating by herself in years and they had waited too long for Han Li. With mouths filled with noodles, they stared at the sudden thump of the door.

Han Li was looking at Yue Li with wide eyes.

[Yue Li] [Age: 35]

[Current Cultivation: Third Awakening, Rainwater Dao]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Evolution Failed Defect]

[End time cultivation in the last life Premonition: Evolution Failed Defect]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 65 due to having reached the end of her lifespan]

Han Li's heart skipped a beat as one dot connected with the other and he came to a conclusion. 'My two previous lives in which I died were indeed more like premonitions rather than a real different timeline as I thought. And in those premonitions, my eyes didn't have any special powers. But in the real world, it's different.'

He could see people's current cultivation and their cultivation in his previous 'lives' with his eyes. He could even know how they died the last time.

He licked his lips. Clearly, this power was not there a day ago.

'Is it because I evolved? Does my eyes have any other powers that I don't know yet?'

"How interesting," he said with amused eyes. He then looked at Liyue.

She slurped the one noodle outside into her mouth and looked at him curiously.

[Shan Liyue] [Age: 18]

[Current Cultivation: Third Awakening, Starlight Dao]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Third Awakening, Starlight Dao]

[End time cultivation in the last life Premonition: Evolution, Starlight Dao.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 29, stabbed to death by the Raven Clan teens in a regional war.]

Han Li blinked, pleasantly surprised. To think his quite little Liyue would have reached Evolution even without his help.

He had never really bothered about the Starlight Clan or the situation here after he left, but a regional war erupted?

'I need to train her more harshly!' Han Li sighed in his mind. Training was the answer to all weaknesses.

"Why are you staring at me like that, Big Brother Han?" Liyue asked while licking her lips clean of the soup.

"I was wondering why you guys would eat without me." He squinted at the sneaky-eyed Yue Li. "Must have been because Mom is too much of a glutton, right?"

"No! I prepared special food for you Xiao Li! This is slander, I say slander!" Yue Li said with wide eyes as she ate.

Han Li smiled at her and got seated on his own seat at the table. He looked at his mother-in-law. "Is all the pain and your overall body fine?"

"It feels a bit too light now…" Li Yao said questioningly. "But it no longer hurts, just feels weak."

The initial surprise and emotional scene of her healing had ended before he came already. She had sobbed, Liyue had sobbed, and even Yue Li had cried with them. The reason Yue Li was eating before Han Li was to get rid of the puffy feeling in her chest in the first place.

"It will feel weak for a while. You have been immobile for too long, how long has it been, six years?"

"Almost as much."

Han Li nodded as Liyue served a steamy pot of noodles for him. He took his chopsticks and looked at Li Yao with a smile. He could see she was much more refreshed than before.

Even her color was much cleaner. "You are much more pretty like this, Mother-in-law."

Li Yao squinted at him while Yue Li glared at him.

"What, Mom?"

"Shut up! You were healing her and you didn't even tell me you were going to heal her. I was so surprised, I almost fell."

Han Li was just beside her, so he could actually see her eyes were puffier than normal and that she had cried. He just hadn't made it obvious.

"Well, that was the surprise. I told Liyue about it, she should have told you. Blame her, not me!" Han Li said as he pointed at the innocent Liyue.

Yue Li glared at him. Han Li sighed and taking some noodles with his chopstick, fed it to her. She poutingly opened her mouth.

Before attempting Evolution, Han Li had wondered whether or not to bring them alongside him, but he didn't. They might have distracted him somehow or would become his center of attention in the middle of breaking through.

He wouldn't have been a hundred percent sure about his concentration with his mom beside him. It wasn't like they wouldn't see someone succeeding before their own Evolution after all.

After the first mouth, Yue Li didn't stop pouting and irritated, Han Li flicked her on the forehead. "Eat. Don't act so spoiled."

Even though he still gave her another mouthful after saying that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77 - 77: Dual Cultivating with Mom!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As they finished the food and washed their mouths. Han Li spat out the water and said to Li Yao. "From tomorrow, join the training with Liyue and Mom. You don't have to do anything hard, just the simple stuff. Take it as a rehabilitation training."

"Training? Like with weapons? I don't have a spark though?" Li Yao asked, still holding Liyue as a clutch to walk around.

"Don't mind that. Training is good for you regardless. And mom, come to the room, I have something to speak with you. LIyue, today is a leave, so rest your body and mind."

Liyue nodded readily. Really, after the sumptuous lunch, she didn't feel like moving an inch.

She moved her glances with her mother and Han Li. She could see their relationship was not really any awkward. She was a bit nervous about it but that seems unnecessary now.

Han Li saw it and raised her chin to face him. Then, he gave her a short kiss. "Don't worry about it. We will handle it ourselves."

Liyue blushed and nodded while Li Yao raised an eye in amusement. Yue Li looked at them too. It was the first time he physically showed anyone affection infront of her and she had to say, a budding sense of jealousy did birth inside her.

But she quickly shook her head and removed it. She liked Liyue and Han Li still loved her much more than anybody else. That was enough for her.

Before leaving, Han Li briefly glanced at Li Yao.

[Li Yao] [Age: 44]

[Current Cultivation: Third Awakening, Rainwater Dao]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Evolution Failed Defect]

[End time cultivation in the last life Premonition: Evolution Failed Defect]

[Death: (in the last premonition) she was tortured to death by the Raven Clan's enslaved cultivators at age 55]

Han Li's eyes briefly shined with a crimson glare as he looked at her lighthearted self.

She was smiling and making fun of Liyue as they moved to their room. Talking about how he kissed her infront of both of their mothers.

After that, Liyue brought Li Yao to their room while Han Li and Yue Li moved into their room. He smiled as he pushed her down on the bed. "Mom, there is no training today, do you know what that means?"

She cutely showed her tongue to him and asked curiously, "What does it mean?"

She squirmed slightly as he pinned her down harder. "That means I get to assault you as much as I want. I can explore your body like a good son should."

"So dirty. Who taught you all this?" Yue Li asked with a glare.

Han Li moved his face closer and kissed her. His lips bit on his mom's lips before his tongue entered her mouth and played with her tongue. She smelled really erotic today, maybe because she hadn't done much training today and was fresh after her morning bath.

He didn't know what it was but he wanted to especially savor this bed with her. Her mouth tasted like chicken noodles, a bit spicy.

He pinned her hand above her head and undid her clothes roughly, she yelped as her boobs became bare infront of him.

Filled to the brim with erect pink nipples and a cute areola. He licked her areola as she helplessly struggled to move her hands. Then he gently nibbled on her erect nipples. As she started breathing heavily, his hand touched her on her pussy.

It was wet.

He rubbed her pussylips for a while without entering and she moaned. The sensation of not being able to move and her son's hand playing on her pussy like he owned it was an irresistible feeling of bliss.

Ahh~!

Mnmmm!!

"Xiao Li!" she called out as Han Li's finger traced her slit. It teased it for a while before it suddenly slithered in. Her insides were smooth and as his finger moved, love juices slurped out of her.

"Don't curl your finger!" Yue Li said with a blissful face.

Han Li did exactly that and curled his finger!

She bent her waist as a thrill went in her pussy, and more love juice trickled out of her.

Seeing her shiver in pleasure, Han Li looked at her armpits and kissed her there gently.

At first, it was gentle pecks. Then, he started to lick her there as his urges increased.

She was slightly sweaty there and he could feel an erotic scent. He licked there once more and she moaned like she had been electrocuted.

"Li'er! What are you doing?!" she asked in a fluster as her breath rang out in ragged pants.

"Loving you Mom!" He pushed her to the side and moved under as her butthole was revealed to him. It was pink, beautiful, and puckered.

He gave it a kiss and licked its rims. She was really clean in the back unlike her slightly hairy pussy. Yue Li looked back at him as he rubbed her butthole with his slimy fingers that fingered her pussy.

Before she knew it, her son's clothes were also out and she gawked at his god-like physique. It was so perfect!

Putting his eight-inch shaft on her butthole, he said, "Do I go gentle like usual or should I go rough?"

"Gentle like usual. I do like some rough too," she said like a queen and Han Li licked his lips.

Unlike most other women, foreplay wasn't too important with his mother. He placed his cock's head on her butthole and pushed in. His mother's entrance was tight as usual as she moaned. He smirked and thrusted in.

Slow at first and hard and rough as he entered further.

Mmmmm~!!!

With one thrust, his cock was almost wholly inside her petite butt and she screamed in pleasure. Han Li kissed her on the back and moved his waist back and forth.

Her back jiggled as her son's cock entered her. She moaned repeatedly, and Han Li cupped her breasts. He kissed her on her nape and back as he kept thrusting. Halfway down, she also started to move and his entry became much smoother.

His right-hand fingers on the other hand never stopped moving inside her pussy.

"Xiao Li!!!" she moaned weakly as her dam broke and her insides tightened.

Drip

Drip

Squirt!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 - 78: Exploration!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li thrusted two more times into his mother's butt, her hands tightened on the bedsheets as she moaned.

"Are you..ha..ha..going to do more today, Xiao Li?" she asked, breathing heavily.

Taking his dick out of her ass, he stroked it on her dripping pussy, and said, "I am still hard."

She nodded while breathing ruggedly. She knew it was her duty to make him cum before they stopped.

He teased her like that for a while and just kept looking at her face becoming more flushed by the second with excitement. They were in the doggy position and her back was raised towards him. She looked disheveled and aroused to the max and an intoxicating smell leaked out of her body.

"Mom!" he called out as he pushed in.

His huge cock impaled her easily due to her love juices. But he still hadn't reached his limits, so with a grunt he pushed once more and his 8-inch cock was balls deep in his mom.

Her eyes glazed over as she huffed in thrill and moaned. That made Han Li even more vigorous and he cupped her breast from the back and started moving his waist gently.

"Mom, I am going to move!" He said as he pushed back in.

She grunted as her insides parted and his cock slammed in.

They comfortably wrapped around his cock. He ran his hands along her back and pulled half of his dick out before once again moving back in.

She quivered as she moaned the most erotic moan he had ever heard her release.

That completely overwhelmed Han Li's instincts and he squeezed her big boobs in abandon as he began to move more roughly.

Although the desire in her head made her want to surrender, Yue Li knew that her kid loved her ass and tried to move it as his dick slammed into her pussy.

Han Li suddenly slowed down and changed his mother's position. She turned to face her son and he stooped down to kiss her. Their lips separated and he began to bite on her nipples, she erotically held his head and said, "I like to see your face, Xiao Li!"

He nodded as his waist rocked back and forth. "I like how you smell!" He once again spread her hands and gave a small peck on her armpits, she wanted to refuse but his gentle moves and thrusts made her go completely blank as he bit her there.

It was like a fuse turned off as her face flushed and she surrendered her body to her son. It was his, he could do whatever he wanted. And he wanted to kiss her on her armpits.

She gasped as he paused a second outside her pussy before penetrating in with one powerful thrust. "Xiao Li!!!" she hissed out a moan as her body twitched and her insides tightened around his cock.

He tightly pressed his face against her armpits as his cock twitched inside her pussy and tightened alongside her insides. A second of tension passed as they came, their sacred liquids exploding as Yue Li's pussy filled with his jizz.

Breathing roughly, she looked at him with a sweaty, blissed-out expression. "So rough..ha..ah.. your thing is too big."

"You liked it, right?" Han Li looked at her face and kissed her under her jaw.

She nodded gently and placed her hands around his head to make him fall on top of her. Her chest was heaving, but she managed to calm down and said, "Li'er, snuggle to mommy and sleep like you used to when you were a baby."

Han Li awkwardly smiled at the way she called him and adjusted his body around her petite frame. "Too tired to continue?" he asked as he faced her from the side.

She snuggled closer and nodded, clearly sweaty and tired. "Your mom is too weak. Maybe I really need to put more effort into the exercises."

Han Li embraced her tightly as his dick slid out of her and their juices flowed out of her slit.

"Yes, you should try to do more training. Maybe I should give you the Earth fruit to improve your Endurance. You were just like Li Yao before she healed after all. I don't blame you for your weak body."

Yue Li kissed him on his naked chest. "Thank you."

"Why?"

"I know you still have a lot of pent-up desires, but you still stop when I say. Do you want me to use my mouth? I really want to know what my little Han Li tastes like, you know?"

"Just go to sleep already." Han Li smirked as he hid her into his chest. She yelped and then giggled as she got comfortable.

"Ah! I forgot. What was that in the middle, Xiao Li, why did you lick me there?" she suddenly brought her head out and asked as a drop of sweat trickled sideways from her forehead.

"Because I love you," He said and brought her head back into his chest. She huffed and puffed there for a second in an attempt to escape, but he just laughed and held her there.

She finally gave up after a while and just slept there with her hands wrapped around him.

He kissed her on the top of her head. "Sleep."

As Han Li looked at her in adoration, she was soon asleep and even snoring faintly. He kissed her on her forehead.

Then closed his eyes and just laid there for a while, thinking of how lucky he was to have the eyes that he had. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to cherish her like he did now, after all.

But after that, he grew serious and closed his eyes to feel inside his Empty Space.

His Empty Space was as Empty as ever but in the darkness of this void was a red Minor Dao Soul. It stood there like a sun, and beside it was two tiny little star-like crystals.

They were his Minor Dao Energy Crystals!

It was not one any longer and he had two!

He smiled inside and opened his eyes. Seeing that his mother really had fallen deep into her sleep, he sat up, comfortably wiped her pussy clean, and wrapped a blanket around her.

Then, sitting to the side, he held his palm out.

With a sizzling sound, a small red crystal popped up in his hands.

He looked at it with a scrutinizing gaze. 'There seems to be no difference in my energy even though I got new Eye Powers in this life. It's the same as it was.'

He then thought about his next way in the cultivation path.

'For an ordinary Ethereal path cultivator, the first goal would be to become a Master at some tool at this Stage and make their bodies as strong as Evolution Stage Transformation Path Cultivators,' Han Li pondered. 'But I am already good at the Sword in the Transcendence Stage and thus I don't have to think about mastering any weapons.'

That already cut 50% of the issue of becoming stronger. Even though he was merely an Evolved for one day, his Mastery of Sword was an extremely potent weapon even now.

'But my body is too weak in front of a good Evolved with a technique. Against Transformation type cultivators, I will be no match in close combat.' That made him frown a little.

He had always been better at close combat rather than long-range battle since the dao of Lust wasn't really a strong offensive dao. Even though he knew Magic Powers that would be quite dangerous against an unguarded foe.

'Then my next goal should be to make my body stronger. I should start cultivating the "Demonic Transformation" part of the Demonic Lust Sutra. And make my body similar to that of the Sacred Lust Demon'

Demonic Lust Sutra had its own Body Cultivation Method and he didn't have to practice a random Life Dao method like the others under the Life Great Dao had to. Being an inheritor of the Ancient Demon did indeed come with its benefits.

But cultivating the Demonic Transformation Method and transforming his body into the Sacred Lust Demonic Body was no easy task like eating 4 fruits. It was a hellish cycle and Han Li pondered on the rest of his path.

To break into the next stage of cultivation — Power Birth — was no minor task even for him. Generally, there was a saying from ancient times.

Awakening was like breathing for a fish, natural. Evolving was learning to jump out of the water for a short time. But reaching the Power Birth realm was like learning to walk on land for a fish.

It was that different. Just like their powers were. It was heaven and Earth difference from an entry-level stage of cultivation like Evolution.

To do that, he will have to have his Empty Space saturated with his Dao Energy Crystals too. It would be much harder for him to do than others too, since, for one, he needed the Energy Crystals to cultivate his body, for second, his talent was Sacred and his Empty Space was thus bigger.

'I should make a clear training routine and start my training with a refreshed and clear mind.' He nodded to himself and went back to sleep. Putting the crystal back into his body.

He had been a bit doubtful due to the transformation of his eyes, but the doubts were now cleared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 - 79: Might of a Power Born
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the noon sun shifted towards the west, the coldness of the lands made people rub their hands together or sneeze uncomfortably. The colder winds were starting to blow and the land was only becoming colder still.

Snow was also becoming more often. But no birds living here on the southern edge of the continent had to migrate, since the coldness was a constant here, and if it was a problem for them, they would have migrated long ago.

But many small lifeforms still clung together in groups or made specialized hibernation areas for themselves to snuggle into. And life took a more calmer route overall.

In the forest near the city, a curly-haired, black eyed man looked down at the ground beneath him with his eyes gleaming chaotically. "Oh…" he muttered in sadness. Beside him was a man with pale grey eyes and hair.

He couldn't find Kevin all around the forest and finally, he reluctantly spent his Darkness Dao Crystals and employed this Evolution Stage Cultivator to help him find him.

"I am sorry to say this, fellow Dao seeker. But I sense the bone under here." The man's pale grey eyes gleamed as he said with a sound as croaky as the grinding of bones, "Your bones and the bones under are from the same boneline and it is the strongest I have sensed after yours."

William nodded calmly as he waved his hands at the ground. It was like a tremendous wave of wind passed by as the mud blasted apart and revealed a small head to them. It was being eaten by many worms but the moment William looked at them, they were also blasted apart.

He then looked at Kevin's corpse and it floated out of the mud by itself. He made it fall to the side and asked, "Bone Eating Sage, what do you think of this?"

At the same time, they also glanced at the old merchant Shan Shan's already rotten body that was filled with worms, completely bones.

The Bone Eating Sage looked at the body with a frown. "Poison?" he asked.

"Just what I thought." William nodded as his soul sense spread to sense both of the corpses. There were no injuries on Kevin except the worms' useless attempt at biting into the strong skin of the boy.

"This body's head was severed. A clean cut, not even any Energy signatures are left here."

But his gaze then shifted back to his own kin.

Nevertheless, the body was too old to figure out what kind of hellish poison killed an Evolution Stage expert.

"But there is another possibility." The croaky sound of bones said, cunning like a fox.

"One of the other two moved." The dark chaotic shine in the calm man's gaze flickered. "No, if that was the case, my boy would have left unique signs at his death. Do you think I prepared nothing, little friend?"

Bone Sage's eyes shined as he shrugged in question. He didn't want to involve himself in struggles above his own level.

"Your Bone Clan really knows how to keep out of trouble, huh?" William sighed as he waved his hand, making the corpses disappear.

"My Bone Clan? Fellow Dao Seeker must be joking, we are just a weak family with the strongest being me. Nowhere near a clan. How can we help you?" But his croaky sound was as calm as ever and his grey eyes were as lusterless too.

William looked at him with deeply intrigued eyes. The death of one Evolution Stage was troubling, but nothing too dangerous, but this Bone clan person made him uncomfortable.

He himself was a hypocrite, but he hated other hypocrites.

"As long as you don't interfere in my affairs," William chaotically glanced at him, no matter what, no Evolution Stage was allowed to stand equally with a power born. "I won't report you people to the Temple."

He calmly walked away but the Bone Eating Sage stood there with a pale complexion. The stump of his once left hand showering blood as he stood there.

With a thump, a limpid and bleeding arm fell to the side and his heart thumped alongside.

"Do not question the sky. Nor how wide it is." Said the calm yet deeply chaotic voice of William, and he vanished into a flock of dark feathers.

The pale man looked at the place he vanished with a fearful heart and sweated heavily as the pain of his hand being cut started to make him gasp. "A man as deep as an ancient well, the patriarch was right. I shouldn't yet interfere with any of the three Clan Heads lightly."

He then frowned. 'But who killed that Brat?'

***

Waking up with a yawn, Yue Li stretched her naked body without leaving Han Li's embrace and he instinctively tightened his hold around her. She stretched a bit more and then looked at her son's face.

He suddenly opened his eyes and kissed her cheek. "Wake up and make me some tea."

"You were awake, Xiao Li?" Yue Li smilingly caressed his cheeks.

"I was meditating." Han Li nodded. "Now go and do what I told you to."

"I haven't even bathed after our session today, why so eager?" She pouted.

"Nothing much, but we have to prepare something special for Li Yao's recovery, right?"

Yue Li nodded and Han Li kissed her on her forehead again. "Mom, what do you think about Li Yao?"

"That's mother-in-law for you. Show some respect to your elders, Xiao Li."

"Okay, then, what do you think about Mother-in-law?" Han Li asked.

She kissed him on his cheek in approval. "You know what? I think she is kinda like a very good friend to me. We actually had a talk when you weren't there once."

"Oh, What about?"

"Regarding yours and Liyue's marriage. She wanted to do it officially, and I told her we'll do it. And she also told me about how Liyue can't walk straight after every time she and you are alone…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 - 80: The 7 Tranformation of Sacred
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, you do it with her now? How far have you gone?" She asked curiously.

Han Li wondered. "I finger her at most, we haven't actually had sex yet. And I don't plan to have it with Liyue first."

"Then?" Yue Li asked curiously.

"I want to bed mother-in-law first. And after that, I will officially marry Liyue and we will have our first night together."

Yue Li blinked in confusion. She was stunned. "Xiao Li, you want Li Yao?"

"I want her. Actually, we already have some small fun going on, but not yet there."

Yue Li got really curious there and glared at him, her cute eyes frowning. "What kind of fun?"

"How do you think I healed her?" Han Li asked, touching his mother's naked pussy to make her understand. "I told you I can absorb all kinds of energy as long as I get the user lustful."

Yue Li's eyes widened. "You fingered her…her vagina?"

Han Li nodded and started rubbing her vagina. He shifted slightly and she parted her legs to let his hand do its job easily.

"It's so taboo…" Yue Li looked a bit embarrassed. "You are having sex with your own mother, and you have a wife, while you also have a unique relationship with the mother-in-law. And I am even supporting you from the back…"

Han Li sensually caressed her waist and gently fondled her breasts with his free hand. "It's okay, Only our happiness matters, who cares if it is taboo in others' eyes? All life came from such relationships after all. The first few humans were all family."

Yue Li nodded, feeling the firm muscles in his body against her soft and tender body. "That's true. A mother who can't do what I do with you is really losing out." She could feel his fingers tracing along her slit and gently slithering in.

"Yet, you took such a long time to actually let me do it. We should have started doing this ages ago."

"But Xiao Li, my body was filled with chaotic energy after all."

"Your back wasn't."

Yue Li awkwardly widened her legs to leave him a wider entry.

"What was she like by the way, hers or mine, which do you like more?" Yue Li asked, a smug look on her face.

Han Li looked at her and smiled. "I love Liyue's more. I only touched it and never saw it but I bet it's the cleanest and cutest of all three of you."

Frowning, Yue Li became a bit uncomfortable. She had a feeling it was a joke, but she didn't like the joke and instead pushed his hand away from her vagina. "Don't touch me then!"

Han Li chuckled and made his hands reenter and massage her. "I am joking, of course, in everything, my mama dearest comes first!"

"That better be the case!" She moaned slightly as he kept her legs spread and her vagina exposed.

She was okay with him having a Harem and all, she didn't mind him enjoying himself with other women either. She just didn't want him to put anyone else above her.

He knew it and she knew it too. They were each other's first priority.

"By the way Mom, do you have any problem with me taking Li Yao as mine?"

Yue Li relaxedly moaned and said blissfully. "As long as you tell me beforehand like this, I am okay with whoever you take in, you know? Just don't be so abrupt like last time."

Han Li nodded. "I need to have sex with you more from now on, by the way. I will be doing it often, whenever I get a chance."

"Why?" Yue Li held his hand still and looked at him.

"I am going to cultivate a Body Cultivation Method from now on and I need a lot of energy. Having sex is the most efficient way."

Yue Li nodded without much thought. In the end, even though Han Li had told her how someone had to be an Evolved to practice body methods, she had never bothered to remember things far away in the future.

Han Li then just silently let his finger roam inside her. When Yue Li gently took his big cock and started to move her hands back and forth. He didn't refuse and just like that, about a minute or so later, Han Li came. But he had to keep using his hands for another 5 minutes or so before he could make his mother cum.

She then breathed ruggedly for a while before getting dressed and leaving for a quick bath. She really wouldn't have minded licking his cock clean of his jizz but he didn't let her do it.

It was just that, he wanted to have her do it, but he didn't really want to make her do it. She was just too pure. He just couldn't bring himself to let her suck him off.

...

After she was gone, he smiled and sat down cross-legged. He couldn't slack, and he was pretty excited to start cultivating his body too.

Then, he took out a black, ancient, age-worn book from under the bed and began to read the "Demon Transformation" method on it.

There were seven parts to the Demon Transformation and once he completes all seven, his body would be as strong as the Sacred Demon's body.

'Skin Building, Tendon Stretching, Bone Forging, Blood Condensation, Flesh Transformation, Organ Strengthening, Physique Perfection.'

The Demon Transformation Method transformed a normal human's body parts, one by one to one that is similar to the Sacred Demon, and there was no unique order to go through it.

Each transformation provided a unique benefit, and after everything was similar to the Sacred Demon, the final Physique Perfection will happen and the cultivator will finally have a body the same as the Sacred Demon himself.

But he could only train one body part at a time. The soul has to be strong enough to bear such a powerful body after all, and only after he reaches the next cultivation Stage would he be able to then go through the next transformation.

But he was now already an Evolved and had cultivated the past three cultivation Stages: Spark Acquire, Awakening, and Evolution. Thus, his soul was capable of holding three transformations already.

He wondered what he should transform first and where to begin with his body cultivation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 - 81: Knowing thyself
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood, Organs, Bone, Skin, Flesh, and Tendons.

Each of them would give him a unique advantage and none of it was inferior compared to the others. All of them were very useful things.

First and foremost, his major priority was combat strength and potential. So, in combat two things mattered the most. Survival and Murder.

And even in that, Survival came first.

'I will cultivate my Skin as the first transformation,' Han Li thought, 'Skin would be much better in defense than any other and would serve to protect all parts of my body.'

And then came strength in order to murder. But that was more complicated, tendons improved his speed and speed was as much of an advantage as strength.

He was deep in thought about it and finally, after some minutes, came to a reasonable decision. 'I will first cultivate my skin to perfection. The rest comes later!'

He flipped to the page talking about the skin. In truth, he already remembered everything in the book by heart, but doing this with it infront of him made it much more straightforward.

"Attain a Skin similar to me by cultivating this method to perfection— Skin Building ." Han Li looked at the Lust Demon's guidance with his sparkling red eyes. For this man, he had nothing but respect. He was the biggest luck in his own life after all.

Of course, that was because he was dead. Otherwise, Han Li wouldn't bother feeling meaningless thanks that could uselessly bind him on his path. Not all emotions were worthy of his sacrifice.

He was quite a narcissistic person but his heart was firm on what was important and what was not.

He read the method. "Cut the paper containing the Skin Building Method and use a Lust Dao Energy Crystal of any level. Roll the crystal in the paper and bring it into your Empty Space alongside the crystal."

After evolution, Cultivators could easily take in objects the size of the Energy Crystals out and into their Empty Spaces. Han Li did a read-through of the rest of the method and brought out a pearl-sized red crystal from his body.

He then gulped and cut the whole page containing the Skin Building Method and wrapped it around the crystal. The crystal vanished along with the paper.

He then closed his eyes and entered his Empty Space. It was as dark as ever inside, with a sun-like Dao Soul, and two little crystals around. There was also a small red swirl on the side. Han Li briefly glanced at it using his omnipotent point of view of everything around him.

Controlling everything inside was under his soul's duties. And his soul was a god inside the Empty Space. He looked infront of the Dao Soul and a piece of paper floated towards it. Doa Souls might seem small once outside, but inside the body, it was as tall as the person itself. So the paper didn't look gigantic.

The second part of the process was absorbing the Paper into the Dao Soul by chanting a lengthy verse written there. The Dao Soul caressed the paper and Han Li started to whisper the chant.

It was a long and mysterious number of jargon-sounding words that Han Li could find no meaning in, but once he ended it with no mistakes, the paper flapped like a butterfly and wrapped around his arm like a second layer of skin and then expanded in seconds to cover all of the Dao Soul's body.

Han Li opened his eyes to the outside world and sweated and panted hotly as his body started mutating. He knew the process was about to begin, so he got himself ready and waited for the pain.

It felt as if hundreds of people with iron for nails had started scratching his body, His skin started to fall off and he gritted his teeth in pain. But miraculously, no blood was lost as new, pristine, and white-brownish skin appeared around his body.

It was a short process lasting merely 5 minutes and Han Li removed the unnecessary skin from his body. He had just molted! Some might have fainted in the pain but Han Li had seen worse.

Skin Building, 1% complete!

He smiled as he pushed the skin into the bedsheet and wrapped the sheet around it in a ball.

'I should throw it away later,' he thought as he touched his new, sensitive skin. It felt ticklish and weird, but at the same time, more like leather than human skin. But it was still far too weak.

If any type of Transformation Path Cultivator at the Evolution stage used his weapons against Han Li, he would still be cut apart like tofu with no resistance.

"But now," he murmured as he looked down at his hands. A small red crystal popped inside the Empty Space and the skin-like membrane surrounding the Dao Soul absorbed the energy in it. Making Han Li breathe out as his skin became a bit warm.

"I should have improved a bit more…" he thought, but there was no way to clearly tell how much. But then he blinked, no, he had something that he had yet to check.

He walked out of bed and looked at a half-body-sized mirror and squinted. His soul sense started to scan the mirror. But nothing happened.

He frowned. He had expected to receive a transmission just like the ones he got when scanning others with his soul sense while looking at them.

Pondering, he looked at his hand and scanned it with his own soul sense, he could sense the fine prints on his hands, and information started to stream into his head.

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Transcendent, Life Dao.]

[Death: (in the first premonition) At age 18 Killed by Kevin Raven of the Raven Clan over a conflict of interest. Through beheading using a sharp feather.]

[Death: (in the second premonition) At age 500, Killed by Wang Ren of the Demon Restraining Temple over a conflict of interest. Killed through stealing the ownership of the sword of life.]

'So it was indeed Wang Ren who took my sword in the previous life…' Han Li's eyes grew thoughtful for a second before shaking his head. 'His Dao of Life was even more clear than mine, I barely fought him on equal terms with my unique body.'

It was natural to lose against such an enemy. It was only natural he was killed.

There was no reason for him to moan like a sore dog. The opponent bested him and killed him. That meant the opponent was just that good.

He would kill anyone who stood against him, and he knew anyone could kill him too if they bested him. It was a war of life, not a one-sided battle.

The thought of revenge didn't really ring in him either. That was pointless unless it had some truly intriguing benefits.

But the information he got on himself didn't end with that. His head started to ache slightly as everything about his past life started to inundate his head.

From his conditions at specific ages. His body's performance just before it died, and so on and so forth. Every minute detail had been recorded.

Han Li blinked as he looked into the mirror. His red eyes shining.

He remembered everything he had seen in his past life very clearly even before the eyes showed up, his memory was really, really good. So that was not really useful to him, but the information about his current life was different.

It let him know clearly where he stood. And with one scan, all that info was transmitted into his brain too.

'Is it because I know about my own situation really well? If I know about others clearly, will it change too?' He pondered. But Yue Li's details didn't send this extra transmission, so he seemed to be missing something.

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Top Tier Mortal Physique]

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 1.01% complete]

Weapon Mastery:

• Sword (Transcendence — High Proficiency)

• Throwing Blades (Transcendence — Average Proficiency)

• Knife (Transcendent — Average Proficiency)

• War Blade (Power Birth — Mastery)

• Spear (Power Birth — Mastery)

He licked his lips and thoughtfully considered the information. For one, as any other Transcendent would, he had mastered almost all major tools used by cultivators to Power Birth Mastery at least.

And his eyes seemed to be even capable of telling something this obscure like proficiency. 'If I could see others' details like this at a glance, that would have completely changed the course of my plans. This eye really is special, though…'

But then, he noticed that even the eyes didn't mention what kind of Magic Powers he knew. He had a hunch that it might change if he used a power once. For now, though, he put those thoughts aside and focused on one important thing.

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 1.01% complete]

'So I need exactly around one thousand more crystals to completely transform my skin?'

He understood that this way of calculating and sorting out such details was a useful method to keep everything clear, and calculated in his mind: "[Skin Building: 1.01% — 1000 crystals to perfect transformation.]"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 - 82: Xiao Li and her in the bath!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He understood that this way of calculating and sorting out such details was a useful method to keep everything clear, and calculated in his mind: "[Skin Building: 1.01% — 1000 crystals to perfect transformation.]"

After figuring out the use of the Eye, Han Li some more time inside his thoughts. And he noticed something that he hadn't earlier. The data transmitted into his brain at scanning his hands included everything about him — Everything that even a comprehensive test done by a Life Dao Expert of the body wouldn't notice clearly.

But he kept most of those thoughts to the side and didn't delve into it too much. Since most of the things there weren't really things that he understood.

For example, it talked about some kind of [DNA] or [Cells] or such things that he understood what it was but didn't know why it was showing. So, he only looked into the important stuff and pushed the rest aside. Anyway, he knew it was a very, very detailed scan of himself.

'If this told me everything about me, why doesn't it talk about the eye itself?'

Is that not a part of himself?

It even transmitted things as ephemeral as proficiency to him, so why didn't it talk about the eye?

He once more looked into it to verify and most of it were unimportant matters. Only his cultivation level, proficiency, deaths, and skin actually mattered. And details about the eye were missing.

Breathing out, he thought about the next important thing the info didn't talk about.

'Magic Powers, the data doesn't mention it at all…'

An Ethereal cultivator's strongest powers were always his 'Magic Powers'. So why didn't his own Magic Powers show up?

That was similar to proficiency too, right?

Taking a deep breath, he covered himself with his robes and walked out of the room. He focused and heard the faint noise of water splashing from the bathroom on the other side of the wall. 'Mom is bathing…'

He licked his lips and without ado, knocked on the bathroom door.

"Who is it? Xiao Li? Liyue?" Yue Li's carefree hum asked.

"It's me," Han Li replied and the door opened up. He swiftly entered and closed it behind him.

The light inside was a bit dim, but his eyes had no issue clearly seeing his mom's body, naked and glistening with water as she stared at him with simple curiosity.

"Did they not wake up yet?" He asked as he got rid of his clothes to the side.

She nodded and bent down to take the clothes. Han Li caressed her butt. She didn't move back up immediately and let her son admire her body as much as he wanted to, and he did exactly that.

In her bent-down form, her pink puckered asshole was a sight to behold. He rubbed it with a finger and Yue Li's legs slightly shook.

"I was not really here to do this, but guess there is no reason to not do it when you are being this inviting." Han Li laughed and put his finger into her asshole. For a modest woman who his mom was, she really had a lot of sex drive.

"Why were you in my bathing place if not for this?" She braced herself, bending up and using her hands against the walls as support.

"I was here to test my Magic Power on you." He took some oil from the side and covered his own hardening dick with it. He also covered his finger and inserted it into her butthole to make his entry smoother.

"Is it going to feel good? Make me stronger somehow?" She wondered curiously.

Han Li rested one of his hands around her waist and put the head of his cock against her ass and rubbed it inbetween her buttcheeks. "I will show you," he said and Yue Li waited for the impact of her son's entry.

"Akarsanaya Swaha Vilasamantra!" Han Li muttered under his breath and the one unused magic crystal in his body vanished. A red light glittered across his eyes and his mother's hands clenched on the wall as her face started to go red as if she was covered in rouge.

"What is this power?" she moaned. Her sex drive was becoming crazy and she wanted that thick, veiny cock inside her as soon as possible.

"Seduction Magic," Han Li muttered with a smile, and seeing her breathe heavily and her pussy dripping with cum already, he pushed in slowly.

But Yue Li could feel it more than ever as her whole body shook in arousal. "Faster! Xiao Li, fuck your mother faster!"

He looked at her pleasure-filled, wet face and pushed her waist towards him, his cock pushed into her and her ass' flesh parted as he thrust in powerfully.

Her mind immediately became a mess and she struggled to hold on to the wall. Han Li carefully kept her body safe from harm and started to move his waist back and forth.

"Slower! Not that fast!" She moaned uncontrollably as the flesh inside her butt got parted again and again. She could feel her son's warmth more than ever.

And before she knew it, her mind blanked out and the only thing she knew was him slapping her on the butt and his finger entering her vagina. And before she could control anything, her pussy twitched and came. But Han Li still kept fingering it and her eyes glazed over as she uncontrollably squirted.

She could also feel something warm filling up her back.

Her whole body became jelly and goosebumps stood up all over. Han Li gently caught her and brought her into his embrace, she powerlessly fell on his chest and looked at him with dazed eyes.

'My baby…' she thought and her consciousness faded out due to pleasure.

Han Li gently held her there.

And then, he took her in a princess carry and entered a wooden bathtub filled with hot water to the side. The water poured out of the tub as he settled in with his mom on top of him.

Falling unconscious like this would only make her mind stronger. He kissed her on the forehead and gently caressed her head as she gently snored on his stomach. He felt slightly guilty but he had as much time as he needed to apologize.

He looked at her carefree, gentle, and calm face as she slept — she was akin to an angel. He rubbed her lips with his hands. "So Beautiful…"

Had she heard him, she would've been smug enough for the whole week. He smiled and shook his head. Then, he focused on what he was here for in the first place.

He looked at his hand and his soul sense expanded out of his body to scan his hand. Immediately, all sorts of important information got transmitted into his head and he blinked.

[Magic Powers]

[Low Level Dao Magic — Seduction, (10% integrated into the body)]

Han Li frowned. 'Integration into the body? What is that?'

So many things seemed different from his past life, but he only smelled good fortune in this and breathed out. 'It was not like that till I used the Magic Power, and once I used it, it became 10%'

That meant it would reach 100% with nine more uses.

He then looked into his Empty Space and found out that the earlier swirl of energy had condensed into a crystallized form and become another Energy Crystal after he had sex with his mom earlier.

His heart quietened as he calculated:

Since her Cultivation was below him, he needed to have sex twice with her to get 1 crystal. So if I bed mother 18 more times, this should reach completion.

He then wondered. 'With mom's current endurance, she can't last much time, but if I give her the Earth Root Berry, she should be able to last more with me. And I should start to do it with Liyue and Li Yao, then my improvement can quicken in speed.'

"Baby, My baby Xiao Li is so cute…" Xiao Li muttered in her sleep.

Han Li smiled. "But the seduction worked too well on you for a Low Level Magic Power, you just love me too much don't you, Mom?"

She didn't reply and just slept atop him with a tired visage.

Han Li shook his head again and raised her waist slightly to let his dick be more comfortable. But then shook his head and just gently expanded her pussy with his hands and just as gently, made his dick enter her.

She instinctively held his chest tight. "Don't worry, I am not going anywhere, I am here, sleep."

That seemed to have done the trick and she relaxed, he gently started to move his waist and she breathed heavily into his ears. "Just like that Xiao Li, just like that…"

Han Li's heart skipped a beat and he became even more gentle in his thrusts. "Yes, Mother Yue," he muttered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 - 83: Mirror
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li ended his business with his mom and she just silently slept. He then washed her off cleanly, clearing the cum out of her holes, and washing the insides without hurting them in any way after the sensitive experience.

She was completely dozed off all throughout the game. With a relaxed sigh, Han Li got out of the tub and brought her out gently too. He then dried her.

Looking at her clean visage, he admired the spectacle of her for a while and with a chuckle, wrapped her up in the clothes she had prepared for herself. He also covered his bottom with a towel.

Then, taking her on his back, he walked out of the bathroom. He could hear Liyue's faint breathing from inside the room just near them. 'Still asleep?' he pondered and went back to his room.

Gently, he put his mom on a clean part of the bed and covered her with a blanket.

'Now, it's about time I put my full focus on cultivation…' Han Li sat to the side and started his final calculations.

Breaking through to the Power Birth Realm. That was his next major goal. But before that, he had some things that he had to accomplish.

For one, the most important step to reaching the major goal — to make his body as perfect as possible. For now, he could cultivate 3 stages of the 'Demonic Transformation'.

So, he had to cultivate any of the good three.

'So, my first step in reaching Power Birth, is to complete my Skin Transformation.' He pondered as he thought about the amount of crystals he needed.

1000 crystals. He needed exactly 1000 to make his Skin reach perfection.

'If I cultivate with mom at the current level, I can have her 4 times a day at most and that will completely drain her weak. That would only be bad for her.'

It would not push her to her limits but break her mind. Pleasure was not all good and games, it could be a drug or even poison at times. Han Li knew it clearly too!

He didn't want his mom to lose her potential. But, that was the case with her body at this point. If he improved it using the Earth berries, she should be able to do it about 5 times a day without truly bad conclusions to her or himself.

Even though his body had become a top-notch one for a mortal — He was still limited in some things like his own dick. He was still a man. He couldn't just unlimitedly go on on sex without some unique magical powers or transforming his organs into Lust Demon ones.

So, even if she became more enduring, six times would be the optimal maximum amount. And that was a limit.

Han Li pondered with a calm mind. 6 times, that was about as much as 3 crystals a day. And add that with 5 crystals he would naturally accumulate in his body every week. That was 21 crystals a week. His eyes shimmered and he licked his lips.

That meant he would get 1000 Crystals within a year. About 47 weeks in exact. 11 months in short. 11 months and he would finally have enough to perfect his skin.

He was already earning miles above normal people. He smirked, that was the benefit of having a Spark related to the Dao of Life like Lust.

Every one of the Life Dao Sparks was like this. They always had another way of accumulating energy other than meditation — Doing what their Spark tells them to do.

He looked deeply at the ground and contemplated on his next move after that, but then shook his head. 'This is the time for one step at a time, rushing can only make everything chaotic. The best thing to do is just calm down and do it slowly, I am miles ahead of my previous life already after all.'

At this point in his previous life, he had barely Awakened by having his mother's backside and was still far away from Evolution.

But maybe, as someone wise once said, man proposes and nature disposes. Nothing ever goes as planned.

…

The sound of ancient drums rang out as a white flag flapped in the air.

The Bone clan people underneath the eaves of an ancient tree screamed in excitement as a young man walked out of the stage, a calm smile on his face. A willowy sound rang out inside his head, "Good job at succeeding in your evolution. But do not get cocky, you are just like all the other people in the world. Weak against the laws of nature, that same thing goes for awakened and Evolved.

In the end, infront of a tsunami, both of you bunch will die."

'Okay, Mr. Obvious, anything more?' the boy asked back in amusement.

"Yes, there is something more. I can feel that someone around me used one of my mirrors. But this guy seems to be far different from our usual bunch. It had already been many days and I barely got back the info now — even that is unclear."

'Oh, how?' Intrigued, the pale-eyed young man vanished amidst the crowd of happily roaring people and entered a cottage.

"This kid's mind is far too strong for me to believe he is normal. Ordinarily, what my mirror does is, reflect other people's hearts. And that is only possible for people with weaker Dao hearts than mine. And it is far too easy for me to do it."

'Not Dao Heart, but instead the heart of cultivation, but still, But this one was different?' The pale-eyed young boy looked at a small hole inside the cottage filled with blood. It was a pond — solely made of human blood.

Sometimes, infantile heads floated up and down and he smirked at each of them.

"But this guy had a Dao Heart almost as strong as me. Even though it was considerably weaker, it is not by far. And I fear, this guy might be trouble for our plans."

'Your plans, not ours. And let me be clear on one thing, is this guy from one of the 4 sects?'

"No, this guy's aura came from near us. My mirror broke apart and I couldn't even absorb a part of his mind after the dao heart battle like usual. We were about the same level."

'Do you think he noticed?' The young man started to grow slightly uneasy. Whatever he said and did, someone as strong or even nearly as strong as the presence inside his mind scared him to his core.

This willowy and sinister-faced old woman was anything but not weak. He knew what she was capable of and how disgustingly and strong she could be.

He had seen in many of his dreams of what she was capable of.

"I don't think he noticed the mirror's peculiarities. But neither could I figure out his peculiarities. But he was in a passive position in the first place, so son't underestimate him. I have the feeling that if he knew someone was behind the mirror, I would be the one in trouble."

'Do you have anything useful on this man?'

"For one, he is weaker than you by a long distance. Barely an Awakened."

'Oi, what do you mean?'

"That's what I don't get too. My gaze did roam around his body for a  faint second but that was barely enough to tell me his cultivation stage and appearance.

"Black hair, caramel white face, red eyes. More on the handsome side of the spectrum, and a strong body. Probably top-notch for a mortal."

'So, where did you see this weird guy?' The young boy walked into the pond of blood as he asked, his expression slowly transforming into one of heavy satisfaction.

"Around the most southern part of the continent, Southern Lust City, but he was probably not part of any of the three clans. Nevertheless, my mirror's smell remains on him, I am sure no one other than at least a power born can remove it."

'Where are you headed with this conversation, Old Poison?' the boy sneered, completely unmindful of this greedy bitch's needs. He had no need to risk his own life against someone as strange as what she said.

"That's where you are wrong, brat, listen to me, this weird guy knows nothing about you and you know that he is very, very weird. The advantages are on our side, you could totally go and become one of his friends, allies, or whatever and just watch him from the side. Believe me, in the land of cultivation, one thing has always been prominent.

The more weird you are, the likelier you are to be special.I bet that guy has some tremendous secret."

'…What makes you so sure?'

"Do you think a Transcendent, someone like me, has a weak Dao Heart like you bunch? No junior can ever dream of acquiring it. No matter how godly a talent you might be."

'How long does it take for us to reach this city again?' He knew the old woman couldn't lie to him even if she wanted to. Their souls had already been linked after all.

That was why he was so bold in the first place.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 - 84: In the most convenient way, mouse walks in.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the forest just outside Sothern Lust City.

"20, 47, 70, 98, 122!" Liyue exclaimed and laughed as Yue Li finally reached her limits. She tiredly rested her body on the ground and looked up at Han Li with a smug and sweaty face.

"What are you so smug about?" Han Li snorted in dissatisfaction. "You ate the Earth berries and your endurance is enough to complete at least 200 pushups without much struggle. That only means your mind is that much weaker."

"Big Brother Han…" Liyue said from the side nervously. She had seen Han Li being harsh on Yue Li for a while now and she couldn't help but feel bad.

Not only pushups, she was even thrown into an icy pond last week. In the icy cold morning to boot. And that was fine, but she could see a pattern in which Han Li was growing more and more harsh on his mother.

Han Li looked at her nervous face and frowned. "Even you can already do more than 200 pushups. Do you not see how far behind she is becoming?"

"Bu..but…" Liyue's gaze shook slightly.

"No buts." Han Li waved his hand in irritation.

Yue Li glared at him with a wronged expression and her eyes became a bit moist. 'This bastard!'

She was actually able to do far more pushups than 120 but Xiao Li was just pushing it now! He wakes up in the morning, fucks her, they go for an afternoon nap, he fucks her, they go for a bath after the nap, he fucks her! They go to sleep at night, his dick would again be inside her!

She was being fucked five times a day, and add that with training, she was being pushed far too heavily. She couldn't even say it out loud!

Only due to the enhanced Endurance after eating the fruit was she able to stand still. Only she, no, only they, knew how wobbly her legs would be after each session. She was barely able to walk because her body's overall endurance to things like pain, damage, and stamina had increased by a high distance.

"What are you glaring at?" Han Li looked at her with amusement. "Train or I will throw you into another cold pond. When you are sleeping next time!"

"Do that this time and I and Liyue won't cook food for you. You will have to eat your own dirt or go buy from the restaurant." Yue Li was quite pissed today.

Han Li looked at Liyue and asked, "Liyue, would you cook for your Brother Han?"

Liyue looked at his hopeful and shining red eyes filled with expectation and looked back at Yue Li who was staring at her with full confidence.

She gulped inwardly. Remembering their deal yesterday.

She had promised Yue Li to stand on her side in their next argument. But how can she refuse Big Brother Han?

Her heart started to thump with nervousness and Han Li could see visible cold sweat on her forehead. He was surprised and chuckled in disbelief. He moved behind Liyue and hugged her as he asked smilingly, "What did you promise to give her mom? You corrupted my pure Liyue with your selfish thoughts."

Yue Li was just about to answer when Han Li's eyes shifted to his right. A frown forming on his face. With his senses, he could hear all kinds of sounds and he had just heard a footstep. But it vanished as quickly as it appeared.

Had it not vanished and walked somewhere, it was fine, but what was this?

His red eyes shimmered and his soul sense spread out to cover ten meters around himself in all angles. Liyue and Yue Li also got tense at his sudden silence.

"Fellow Daoseeker, there is no reason to hide, why don't you show yourself up?" Han Li's casual and calm voice asked.

There was no reply except the cry of a crow from somewhere else. And Yue Li and Liyue breathed out the tense vibes. "What are you so tensed for all of a sudden, Xiao Li, is someone here? Is it Li Yao? Didn't she say she won't come?

Han Li didn't reply and his eyes started to sharpen. This type of sneaky game, he had no real influence in the world to have enemies yet, was it truly just a mistake?

He refused to believe so. "Akarsanaya Swaha—"

"Stop! Fellow Daoseeker! Stop!" came a fear-filled voice as a young boy walked infront from behind a tree. The boy had faint unhealthy black hair and a sallow face, his eyes were a pale grey all over. But the moment Yue Li and Liyue saw the young boy, they gasped — He was full of wounds from head to toe, and even his cheeks were cut and bleeding.

"Big Brother Han!"

"Xiao LI!"

Yue Li got up from the ground and Liyue also held Han Li's sleeve in worry. He on the other hand just looked at the young boy with a frown. He rarely ever came out to train outside in the wildlife, the episode with the Raven Clan's head was enough of a wake-up call for him.

The only reason he was out today was to use his Magic Power — Low-level Dao Magic, seduction 9 times on some beast to see what happens once it is completed. To encounter some strange Evolved with wounds all over his body was not part of his plan.

'I told you two to not follow me…' Han Li coldly glanced at the Evolution Stage 'Young' boy. He had asked his mom and the rest to stay at home, but they had followed him secretly. Even though he knew it was happening, it was cute, so he ended up letting them come.

He knew the Clan Head of Ravens entered seclusion too. After all, tomorrow was the Raven's turn to host their Awakening Ceremony after all. He knew the Clan Heads would become very busy at this point.

Mainly some rituals like thanking the ancestors or teaching the people about attempting Evolution some good tricks. That was how it was, but even though he was cautious, trouble seemed to have come looking for him.

All these thoughts flickered past his head in a second and he asked, "May I know why you came here, fellow daoseeker?" His voice was rather unfriendly.

If the boy infront was wounded, someone or something should have wounded him.

"Don't worry friend," The boy said, his face a tired wreck. "No one is after me, I already…" He stopped and looked at the ladies behind Han Li. "Anyway, you get the gist."

Han Li looked at the boy deeply. "Are you trying to implicate me?"

No matter what, Han Li already saw the young boy as dead. Nobody except those whom he accepted was allowed to learn that he was an Evolved and since he had spread his Soul Sense earlier and tried to use a magic power, it was sure he knew Han Li was an Evolved.

"I have no reason to implicate you, my friend, in fact, when I felt your presence, I was about to head out when you called out. I just don't want to get hit again in my condition, you know, right?"

Han Li glanced at him seriously. If the boy had not been an Evolved, Han Li would have already used his Eyes and Soul Sense to scan him. But scanning using soul sense an evolved? That was blatant rudeness!

"What are you going to do now?" the boy asked, cold sweat and blood oozing from his cheek and neck.

Liyue and Yue Li cringed in pain at the mere sight of it. It was too horrendous, they couldn't even bear to think of the level of pain.

"I will not use magic and we never met, you can go." Han Li's calm tone didn't betray his thoughts at all. But the pale grey eyes of the boy shimmered and he nodded before walking in a certain direction away from them.

But before he reached far away, Han Li's soul sense covered him. "Sorry, I just have to check something. It is said our rival clan's Evolved was murdered, so just for security's sake, I have to check you."

They were some distance away already and Han Li now had the opponent in plain sight, he had not much fear of a random Evolved. But the boy trembled as he felt the foreign soul sense briefly scan him.

"Okay, you are clean. You may go." Han Li said, his tone much more friendly.

The boy nodded and sprinted away limply. While Han Li stared at him, deep and hard.

[Yang Wei] [Age: 29 Years old]

[Current Cultivation: Evolved - Minor Bone Dao]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Awakened]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Transcendent, Life Dao.]

'Bone King Lifestealer of the Bewitching Beauty Sect. To think I would meet someone like you here…' Han Li's eyes deepened several degrees at the reminder of this person.

Han Li and he had no real connection but he knew who the person was. And that made his heart skip a beat.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85 - 85: War Future, and Bone King.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Bone King Lifestealer of the Bewitching Beauty Sect. To think I would meet someone like you here…' Han Li's eyes deepened several degrees at the reminder of this person.

Han Li and he had no real connection but he knew who the person was. And that made his heart skip a beat. In every 400 to 600 years or so, a battle, a war happens. This battle would always be extremely important — it was called the Transcendence War.

The next Transcendence War was merely 15 years away. In this war, Power Born individuals—people at the level of clan heads—would all join in an attempt to claim a unique magical resource that is essential in breaking through from Power Birth to the Transcendent Stage. He had lost his precious 7 years of life in that war as a pawn of the Wisdom Seeking Villa.

Every Continent among the 7 great continents only had a set number of this 'Transcend Mortality Orb' and it was an absolutely important thing for the Power Born. Since if they didn't get it in their generation, the next time the war happened, they would be nearly dying due to age after all.

He was unsure about the other continents, but, Sacred Lust Continent only had 4 Orbs every generation.

So, the wars were absolutely savage with almost all the clans getting involved as long as the Power Born had even the slightest hint of ambitions. In his past life, he had been nothing in the war other than one of the thousands upon thousands of Evolved.

Fighting for months on end, tooth and nail to ensure he survived to meet his family again.

Only in the war after that, 463 years later from today, he had fought on his own will and then won one of the fruits for himself, becoming a Transcendent. But that was not the intriguing part. To Han Li, that was just a memory. What mattered was this Bone King Life Stealer.

He was a legendary person. As all four of the Orbs were taken by some Power Born — one of them being in Han Li's hand — and the other Power Borns were completely out of steam to fight back. The war of Transcendence ended and the next generation's Transcendents were decided.

Transcendents usually had 600 years of Lifespan at best after all. And among those four, Bone King Lifestealer was not one of them.

But as the four people started to get ready to settle back and inherit one of the 4 sects, something happened; A fifth Transcendent appeared out of nowhere and inherited one of the 4 sects' mantle, Bewitching Beauty Sect — The sect that owned all brothels throughout the continent.

And that Transcendent was the wounded 'Young' boy who walked away, who was in fact 29 years old at the moment. Han Li also noticed in his 'Life Reading Gaze' one thing, unlike most others, this person had not died in any of his 2 past lives. He was even alive after Han Li died.

In fact, as Yue Li and Liyao watched the young boy's shadow move into the shadows of the forest, Han Li was looking at him with deeply intrigued eyes. If he had to say why he ended up dead in his past life, and who was responsible for it, Bone King had no direct part in it.

But with how clearheaded he was at the moment, Han Li knew he was one of the most pivotal reasons. In fact, he should be THE reason.

In each generation, there existed 4 Transcendents and at the time of the Transcendence Wars, the previous generation Transcendants would be at their weakest and once the war ended, they would soon die of age. Treasures like Lifespan Increasing Dew didn't work on them.

They were like gods after all. If Power Borns could still be barely considered mortal, Transcendent were true godly beings. How can mortal resources work on them its wonders?

So, once the 4 current Transcendents die, the next 500 or so will be peaceful times. There would be no wars and there would be no need to fight — even demons who killed millions won't be considered like one after they Transcend.

There would only be four of them at a time in the continent, why fight and destroy peace for no reason? All of them would naturally don't want that.

But the 5th one's entry changed this. He was a threat to the power they held over the 4 clans. The power of the 4 Sects was more than what met the eye and no Transcendent wanted to let it go.

So, since the Bone King already inherited one only three more were left and Han Li hadn't bothered caring about it, thus, he lost the chance to win it for himself. And thus, in the peace of the other 4, a potential danger appeared. And that was Han Li.

What if he one day coveted one of the Sects after knowing its true purpose? What if?

They feared such a possibility and teamed up in order to kill him. And then, Wang Ren — Transcendent of the Demon Restraining Temple, killed him after stealing his Sword. That was how he died.

"Who is that person, Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked, nervous. "Shouldn't we bring him to the hospital inside the city? He is too wounded."

Liyue was pale in the face and said, equally nervous, "I think that person is dangerous, Mother. It's better if we don't get into his business… right, big brother? He was even talking as if the wounds were nothing to him."

Han Li sat down, took a flagon of alcohol stuck to a tree, and said with a gouging tone, "That 'kid' is acting. That is one psycho man you just saw walking by you know? Reputation so bad even mine was bett… Reputation so bad even I was startled."

Yue Li was startled. "Acting with that kind of wound?"

"That is why I said he is acting. He might have thought I couldn't tell but I know him. He is not someone small as you guys think, he is an Evolved."

"An Evolved?!" Both of them exclaimed in fear. "An Evolved was wounded to that degree?"

"That is not the focus here my ladies. The focus is on this person himself. He is Yang Wei, and do you know what his Spark—hmm—Minor Dao Soul is?"

"What is that?" Yue Li asked, feeling weird that Xiao Li knew so much about some random person.

"Your Spark will evolve into a Minor Dao Spark if you Evolve. Anyway, let me explain more. That kid. His Dao Soul is, Minor Bone Dao Soul. And it is not an Ethereal one like ours but a Transformation one instead."

Yue Li and Liyue blinked.

"That means his body is far stronger than normal. Especially with a Dao like Bones under the Life Great Dao, his abilities of rejuvenation could be called almost top-notch already. The only thing he is lacking would be Ethereal Magic Powers at this point."

"So he is strong?" Yue Li asked the cut-to-the-point question like usual.

"Yes, Strong. In terms of our city's Evolved, he should be among the strongest. And if he goes close to them, just forget about their lives. His body is absolutely, horrendously strong. To the point, once he is about 10 meters close, dying is a guarantee."

That was Transformation Path's advantage in the early stages. Once one breaks through, their bodies will immediately become perfect for the Stage. But how strong was this perfected body?

That would be determined by the Cultivator's talent. If he was a Sacred Talent, his body is how strong a body can possibly be in that particular Stage. And Han Li knew this person was indeed a Sacred Talent.

Yang Wei's body was a menace. To the point, even if Han Li completed [Demonic Transformation]'s first 3 Transformations that he can cultivate for now with his soul, he could only barely stand as an equal in the body department.

That was the level a Transformation Path Evolved could be. But of course, Han Li had his own advantages.

"Our people will die if he is close?" Yue Li blinked. "So what if he is in a distance?"

"He will have no good countermeasures against our good Magical Powers. He could only be a sitting duck and before he arrives close, he will be, as you might say Bam! Dead."

Yue Li nodded, having completely forgotten her earlier misgivings and also the irritation against Han Li's harsh training.

"So, no matter what we do, we can't be a match for him in close combat?" Liyao asked, reluctant to admit defeat after this much training. It had already been more than months of grueling after all.

Han Li looked at her with a praising and emotional gaze. "Look at my little Liyue, your husband's effort hadn't been in vain. Far better than mom's laziness. That's what a spear user should be like, they mustn't waver even in front of the sky."

Yue Li glared at him with grievance again. This! This was favoritism!

Liyue on the other hand blushed as a red tint washed her face hot. Even though she had already gotten used to Han Li groping her, his praising her was rare. If not ever.

"Yes, it is almost impossible for an Ethereal to stand toe to tow against Transformation path in close combat. And that logic applies vice versa too… but…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86 - 86: The start of change
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Yes, it is almost impossible for an Ethereal to stand toe to tow against Transformation path in close combat. And that logic applies vice versa too… but…"

"But?" Yue Li asked, curious.

"There is in fact a chance for staying alive against such foes even when they're in their own zone of expertise in a fight. For example…" Han Li looked around and found a tree, he walked in front of it and touched its wet bark. "Take this tree as an Evolution Stage Ethereal Type Cultivator."

Yue Li and Liyue nodded, having already put the strange boy earlier out of their thoughts.

"This Tree guy had focused not only on his spark but also bothered about his body like I did by eating all four fruits. He also cultivated a body strengthening technique once he reached Evolution."

Yue Li and Liyue's eyes brightened.

"And take me as a same stage cultivator but I am of the Transformation Path." Han Li clenched his fists, pulled back his arms, held his breath, and as a powerful aura of might build up, smashed the tree with all his might.

BAM! A heavy hit was heard and splinters exploded all over the surroundings.

The girls stepped back in amazement. The tree hadn't completely broken apart but had lost a significant amount of bark and the flesh of its stem was now visible.

"He got severely damaged, but not dead. This is because he cultivated his body and is just as talented as me. This is the best level a person can achieve through cultivation."

Yue Li looked at his hand worriedly. She only calmed down when she saw no bruises. Then she focused on his teachings like a humble student.

Whatever she said, she hadn't ever honestly went against his training routine.

"So, in essence, Ethereal Type cultivators can never have a body equal in might to the Transformation Path?" Liyue asked, her eyes bright as she glanced at Han Li. At this moment, he seemed different.

Like a unique breed. So casually mighty, like a volcano, that could erupt at any time he so desired. She was once again reminded, her husb… fiance was a strong and capable man.

"Sadly, that is true in almost 100% of cultivators," Han Li sighed. "Transformation Path cultivators will always have a stronger body, while Ethereals will always have stronger Magic Powers. It is almost set in stone, but 'stronger' doesn't mean the other part will be vulnerable. Ethereals with great bodies are harder to deal with for them since they can't be killed in one or two punches.

"And once the Ethereals get away from them and get the chance to use Magic Powers, a fight will be to the Ethereal's advantage."

Both girls tried to imprint this knowledge deep into their brains while Han Li contemplated. That was true for 'almost' 100% but not 100%. Sacred Demon Inheritors for example should be people capable of equally standing up with both Transformation and Ethereal Path's top-notch cultivators as equals.

He also knew some weird freaks of nature like the bone king who couldn't be seen with common sense.

A silent calm settled in the area and the three didn't speak for a while. Han Li didn't bother moving in search of the Bone King — Yang Wei either. Even if he fought, there was no true guarantee he could win. He was not some ordinary Evolved in Han Li's mind the moment he understood who that person was.

Han Li didn't even know how long it had been since the Bone King Evolved. If it was recently, he would only have a strong body. But what if it had been a long time? Then he would have already gotten acquainted with a magic power.

"Be aware Mom, Liyue. Just like Ethereal can cultivate a stronger body, Transformation path cultivators can also gain Magic Powers. It is what they need to cultivate themselves instead of gaining after a breakthrough. We didn't get strong bodies, they won't get magic powers either.

But beware, the ones who learn one are not rare, if you ever are in a situation to fight someone, always consider them as superior to you in some aspect."

Liyue and Yue Li nodded seriously. They didn't consider Han Li a wise cultivator who had fought thousands of battles, but they could hear the sense in his words. And in their mind, Han Li… was an unparalleled genius.

His words should be true. If they didn't see him like that, why would they care about his training?

"Anyway, let's do what we were here for…" Han Li stretched his muscles and looked around as his Soul Sense expanded. His gaze was like electricity as it passed around the area to finally settle on a tree cavity some distance away from him, there was an owl nestled inside it.

He became silent and raised his palm to let the other two know not to make any sounds, and then he silently walked closer to the tree and just as gently, started to climb it. Even his breathing became nonexistent as he soon reached up the cavity and held the owl with its fluffy feathers.

It immediately opened its closed eyes and screeched like a startled bird. But Han Li held its beak and with his inhuman strength and control, it became mute and frightened, it couldn't move or screech. He then casually climbed down the tree.

The bird still flapped its wings and tried to struggle out of his grasp with its claws but it was useless.

"Poor bird, Xiao Li, why are you catching it?" Yue Li asked in slight shock. Liyue also gulped and looked at the bird with a fearful face.

"Let's see." Han Li chuckled and sat down. "Don't worry, I have no plans of harming it."

They still looked at the bird and stayed a bit farther away from him. Both of them were not the type to pet any birds or animals. "Doesn't it bite Xiao Li? And doesn't its claws hurt?" she gulped and exchanged glances with Liyue.

Han Li didn't bother answering for now and looked into the bird's eyes coldly. And silently muttered, "Akarsanaya Swaha, Vilasamantra!"

Nothing really happened but Han Li saw the bird's eyes reddening slightly. His magic power [seduction] was working. Putting the bird into lust. But he didn't mind its eyes growing frantic and chanted the power once more "Akarsanaya Swaha, Vilasamantra!"

Both of the ladies looked at him calm and cold face as the owl's struggles lessened.

"Mother, what is he speaking about?"

Yue Li held her own chin and contemplated. "I don't know but with my brain power of one million and knowledge of a chuunibyou, I can give you some intelligent guesses." Her eyes brightened like a torch at the thought.

"Chunibya? What is…" she asked.

Suddenly speechless, Yue Li remembered the warning Han Li had given not to tell anyone about her origin and cleared her throat. "The words he is saying must be the chants that you have to say when activating a magic power."

"Chants?"

"You don't even know that? Liyue, you are so ignorant. I am ashamed to call myself your mother-in-law."

Liyue blinked with wide eyes.

"Anyway, Chants are words that you speak to bring forth the power of the world." Yue Li smugly looked at her son repeating the same words and smiling.

"Why do words bring out power?" confused, Liyue asked.

Yue Li looked at her with wide eyes this time. "So ignorant!"

Liyue ashamedly scratched her chin. She waited for an explanation but Yue Li never gave one. "Mother…"

Yue Li put on an arrogant face like the one Han Li had when training them, and said seriously, "It is not yet time for you to learn that. Wait till the time comes."

Han Li's eyebrows twitched and he looked at her in irritation. But then he shook his head and looked at his own hand. He had already used the Magic Power 7 times and only one more was left before the bar should reach 100%.

The unique power of his eyes, which he had decided to call Life Vision, activated, and his details streamed into his mind, as clearly as any kind of test could show.

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Top Tier Mortal Physique]

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 1.01% complete]

[Magic Powers]

[Low-Level Dao Magic — Seduction, (90% integrated into the body)]

Weapon Mastery:

Sword (Transcendence — High Proficiency)

Throwing Blades (Transcendence — Average Proficiency)

Knife (Transcendent — Average Proficiency)

War Blade (Power Birth — Mastery)

Spear (Power Birth — Mastery)… and more.

Feeling the need to know something else about him that didn't show up immediately in his mind, he thought of it and the immediate information in his subconscious expanded. He wanted to know everything about himself before he completed 100%, so he could easily figure out what changed.

[Lifespan: 300 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 39]

[Talent: Sacred]

Han Li looked into the glazed eyes of the owl and once again used the Seduction spell to shake its lust.

Its eyes turned a weird hue of red and weakly trembled and fell unconscious, its lust reaching a level its body couldn't handle.

[Low-Level Dao Magic — Seduction, (Integrating into the body)]

Han Li felt an unstoppable thrill going up his spine as his vision grew blurry for a second.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87 - 87: Seductive, for real.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Low-Level Dao Magic — Seduction, (Integrating into the body)]

Han Li felt an unstoppable thrill going up his spine as his vision grew blurry for a second. It cleared soon enough and he looked around with a questioning glance. He didn't feel much different for the starters, but there was something, something at the tip of his tongue that he was missing.

As if something was added into him, something mysterious and profound. Yue Li and Liyue curiously looked at his confused and somewhat eager gaze and couldn't tell what was up with him. He looked at them for a second and realizing they were just confused and not stunned, came to a conclusion.

He didn't receive some kind of mutation, or difference in appearance from earlier either. Curious to the max, Han Li looked at his hands using Life-Vision.

_

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Lifespan: 300 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 38]

[Talent: Sacred]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Top Tier Mortal Physique]

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 1.01% complete]

[Magic Powers]

[None]

[Talents]

[Low-Level Seduction]

Weapon Mastery:

Sword (Transcendence — High Proficiency)

Throwing Blades (Transcendence — Average Proficiency)

Knife (Transcendent — Average Proficiency)

War Blade (Power Birth — Mastery)

Spear (Power Birth — Mastery)… and more.

_

"What happened, Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked curiously after seeing his eyes brightening.

Han Li looked at her with a thoughtful glance and waved his hands gently as a sign to tell her to calm down. He didn't want to break his thought process.

'For the first thing, Seduction vanished from the list of magic powers…' he analyzed his situation. 'And for the second, a new list appeared called Talents and Seduction is now a part of it.'

That was the only difference in everything about himself before integration and after integration. He looked at the unconscious and dying owl beside him and ignored it. "If I test it on this guy, it will die. Come, let's go find something else." He stood up swiftly and went in search of the next animal.

Yue Li and Liyue followed him curiously like his playmates and they soon found a small crow deep into the woods. Han Li caught it and sealed its mouth just like he did earlier.

"Akarsanaya Swaha, Vilasamantra!" he muttered the ancient chant for the seduction magic and allowed a Minor Dao Crystal to vanish out of his Empty Space—or so he believed—but the crystal never vanished and the power didn't activate either.

'What is going on?' Han Li frowned heavily, his thoughts churning. But there was no one to explain things here for him at the moment either.

"What happened Xiao Li, why are you frowning so much?" Yue Li asked with raised brows, huffing and puffing slightly. She didn't get to rest after her training.

Han Li finally broke out of his contemplation and sighed, saying with a thoughtful tone, "Something seems to be amiss mom, my chant is not working anymore… and I don't really know why."

The forest area here was quite windy and cold, dark and creepy too. Yue Li wasn't very much stunned by what he said but Liyue's eyes widened in disbelief. Han Li sighed once more and let the crow free. It cried out in fear, flapped its wings in panic, and fled.

"Why does it not work though…?" Yue Li asked with squinted eyes. The urge to be the deep dive scientist briefly flickered inside her mind before she delved it away, Xiao Li would make fun of her.

Han Li looked at her with a silent gaze, and asked, "Isn't that what I asked?" he shook his head and looked at Liyue with a smile. "Why are you, so surprised, though?"

Looking at Liyue, Yue Li blinked, even she could see how wide the girl's eyes were and how stupefied her face looked. "What happened to you all of a sudden?" she asked with surprise.

A cold wind whooshed past them and an audible gulping sound was heard as Liyue exclaimed, her voice full of shock. "Evo…Ev… Big Brother already Evolved?!"

Yue Li looked at her in confusion for a while and then blinked. "How is that possible, he didn't even go into the Awakening ceremony yet—" she stopped speaking as she saw the casual and cool smirk and brightening red eyes of her son looking at her teasingly.

"You really Evolved?!" she asked in shock. Even she knew how rare and hard to become these Evolved were.

"This is why I call ignorance out when I see it." Han Li sat on a nearby boulder and sipped some of the alcohol from the flagon in his hand. "I have been showing you magic powers and I even used it against you, yet you ask me if I evolved… after all this time."

Han Li shook his head as the alcohol warmed his insides. "Magic Powers are not something Awakened could use, Mom, listen. These chants were the language the Sacred Demons used to speak at the beginning of the world, and when we spend our Dao Crystals, alongside having a Dao Soul related to that Magic Power, and say these words, the actual power happens. Only Evolved or higher can use such Power.

"And good one there Liyue, I like how you analyzed my words. People could have thought I was Awakened and ignorantly attempting to use chants and failing instead of thinking it used to work and suddenly doesn't anymore."

"…No, Big Brother," Liyue smiled slightly as her eyes shined thoughtfully. "Mother told me earlier about the Magic Powers and I was already having such thoughts, but it just seems impossible, though…"

"Because I am just eighteen?" Han Li chuckled, looking at her approvingly while Yue Li looked at him with a stupid look.

"Xiao Li, did you really evolve?" she worriedly moved beside him and caressed his cheek and then neck. She then touched his chest and finally, fell into his embrace. He tightly held her.

"I did really evolve. It was better for you guys not to know it than to know. Could have resulted in me failing if you knew. Sorry… I didn't tell you."

Yue Li looked up at his face from his embrace and he looked at her. Liyue looked at them from the side with a confused face this time. But for now, in Han Li's mind, only his mother mattered.

"Mom…"

"You never do what I say…" she sighed. "I told you to tell me if you plan to do something momentous…"

"You told me to tell you when I plan to bed a woman… though…"

"You got the meaning. Don't act dumb!" She fisted his chest but then stopped. Becoming silent. "I got it, Xiao Li."

Han Li frowned slightly and sat up straight, comfortably moving her body to bring her eyes right infront of his. "What did you get?"

"You were so busy making me work so much…" She blushed at Liyue's stunned gaze and said, her voice a bit weaker, "You were busy making me work so much to cultivate faster. Right?"

Han Li looked at her lips as they moved to speak. "Give me a kiss and I'll tell you."

She looked at Liyue on the side who was already looking at them with disbelief. Her eyes were wider than when she learned Han Li had evolved.

Then, she shyly leaned her head higher and exchanged a kiss with his lips. Han Li looked at her and just as the small urge to seduce his mom budded in his mind, Yue Li clenched his robes. Her sexual urge started to rise out of nowhere. Her mind started screaming to let her body free for her Xiao Li, to let him dominate her.

But feeling something wrong, Han Li immediately stopped and looked at his mother's face which had become completely red. He could feel something clicking in his mind.

He looked at Liyue who was looking at them with a disbelieving gaze. "Come here Liyue, let your big brother hug you."

Liyue was too stunned but Han Li gently took her palm and brought her into his embrace alongside his mom. 'Bi..Big brother and mother are not in a normal relationship?!' she exclaimed in her mind.

Han Li looked at her and said, "Don't worry about it, now let me ask you something instead, am I allowed to seduce you?"

She looked at him with a stunned and still surprised face. Once in his embrace, she wasn't even in the mode to have a reticent expression anymore and blurted out. "You…you already seduce me every day and just won't do it all the way, you… you even did it with both of our mothers! That's so unfair! I am your wife and not them after all...I..I..."

Han Li looked at her surprisedly. "Aren't you the one who wanted a marriage first?"

Liyue blinked and her face started to redden crazily. No way! she really had blurted it out.

Yue Li, on the other hand, looked at her with a hint of dissatisfaction. Why was her son's chest being shared with someone when he was hugging her?

It was Liyue so it was kind of okay, but being alone in his chest felt better.

Smiling, Han Li looked at Liyue, she really was growing out of her shell. At his gaze, immediately, her lust started to rise and she clenched his robes. And with a thought, he deactivated the effect.

"So this is how talent works…" He muttered in amazement. His heart filled with disbelief.

Liyue and Yue Li looked at him, both of their eyes filled with a bit of lingering desire after the process.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88 - 88: The Impossibility of Talents
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So this is how talent works…" Han Li muttered in amazement, startled deeply.

Liyue and Yue Li looked at him, both of their eyes filled with a bit of lingering desire after the seduction. He looked back at them and briefly forgot about his new talent, he gently caressed their faces. "Not now, wait a bit."

Nodding, Liyue's face began to calm down while Yue Li looked at him curiously. She had many questions, when did he evolve, how did he evolve, why did he evolve so early, and how did it feel?

But she then looked at Liyue and knew the girl must also have many questions she wanted answers to. After all, Liyue had absolutely no clue about her and her baby's relationship and Yue Li was somewhat afraid of her take on all of this.

She knew their relationship could be quite… controversial. Especially when it comes to the people in Han Li's current and possible future Harem.

Liyue looked at Yue Li and they exchanged a tense glance filled with some unknown thoughts. Han Li saw it but didn't really bother about it now, he had some ideas about what both of them were thinking anyway. Instead, he looked at his hands with Life Vision.

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 38]

[Talents]

[Low-Level Seduction]

He once again looked at Liyue and her finally calming face reddened a bit before returning back to normal a second later. She blinked and as Han Li's hold loosened, gently got away from his embrace. He on the other hand was once again, thoughtful.

His Minor Dao Crystals didn't reduce in number after he used the Magic Power, or instead — Talent. But considering it, that wasn't even the most frightening aspect of what was going on, thinking about it, a frightening roar screamed in his heart like a blazing inferno.

Yue Li and Liyue stood a bit to his side and could see his red, crimson gaze growing brighter and brighter till he laughed. His laughter was low and creep-inducing had they not been looking at him, but it exploded into the surroundings like a madman's howl.

"I understand it," he said, an amused note in his tone.

"What did you understand?" Yue Li asked, curious.

Liyue also looked at him with curiosity, it was rare for Han Li to show such emotions. Most of what she knew, her big brother Han was a man with a calm and serious head, what made him laugh like this?

Han Li looked at them and noted their involuntarily brightening face at his happy laughter and couldn't help but grow a bit more serious. But he didn't yet tell them his thoughts.

'I had always had the eye, the last life, and before that too. But I had never used it to Evolve in reality, and all that I got was an illusion of what could've been. But now that I evolved in the real world, the Eye is finally showing me things it hadn't before. And it is much more frightening than what I had expected it to be.'

The girls grew silent as his face grew even more serious at his thoughts.

If his thought-process was in the correct path, even if another person in the world had the Lust Dao Soul, and Lust Dao Crystals, they can no longer use the Magic Power, Low-Level Seduction even if they knew the chants to use it.

"I realized one thing Mom, Liyue, there is a theory in the Seven Continents, that the Magic Powers that cultivators use by chanting some mysterious words are actually the words that you need in order to ask the heavens for assistance. Like keywords that open up its ears."

"Hmmm…. Once more," Yue Li looked at him with a humble and dumb look.

He looked at her and said with certainty, "It is believed that some kind of consciousness exists at the top of this world, and that when we speak certain words, the chants, the consciousness is believed to be the one keeping all Dao in control.

Like Life Dao, all the powers of Life are under its control just like all the other 6 Great Daos' powers, and that goes all the more for normal Daos like Lust or Bone under a Great Dao like Life."

"You mean?"

"We are basically begging for the power, like calling, oh big bro consciousness, please help me do this specific task and I will feed you a Dao Crystal of equal value in return."

"I understand…but what did you realize?" Yue Li nodded with a thoughtful face, while Liyue also thought about the implication of such an almighty consciousness standing above them.

"I realized that this theory is probably true and such a consciousness probably, does exist. It's a hunch for now, but I am almost certain."

Yue Li took a deep breath and tried to digest the information. While Liyue looked up at the sky with a confused face.

On the other hand, Han Li looked at his hands with eyes filled with surety. His 'Talents' didn't use Dao Crystals of equal value, it was like his hands and feet, he didn't even know if it was limited by something like stamina or anything of that sort yet.

It was basically against the 'Law of conservation of energy' which was believed to be consistent universally across all continents and Daos —  energy can neither be created nor destroyed, But this, even if it might need something like Stamina, was okay.

One thing was sure now; if such an almighty consciousness did exist, he had stolen the Low-Level Seduction spell from it and made it his own. If his stamina was used to cast this talent, that would only solidify this idea. It had become inherently his own.

He would no longer have to beg to the heavens and could naturally use it on his own with a thought. On Low-level magic powers, that might not sound awfully overpowered, but on higher stages where a split second could be deadly, to use chantless Magic — Talent — would be more deadly than a blade.

And that thought made him think of another thing much more crucial. In totality, it was believed there were 300 Magic Powers in each normal Dao and 3000 Normal Daos under all Great Daos. So, if he could cultivate and use enough crystals to use every Magic Power among the 300, ten times and turn all of them into his Talents, would he then come to own the entire Dao?

Can he steal a Dao for himself and command it?

Nobody had ever done it as far as he knew. Even though he had no idea who the other six inheritors of the seven demons were. Can they also steal Magic Powers and possibly, Daos?

What difference would all of this make in his cultivation path?

Would it make his rise easier or harder?

The thought alone made his heart itch and throat parch. But it was a goal that was far off in the distance. If he needed to use all 300, he would need to learn all 300 Magic Powers, but luckily, the Demonic Lust Sutra had all 300 of them. But what about 3000 Dao Crystals?

And if he could absorb all of the normal Dao, and then come to absorb all of the the Life Great Dao, wasn't it an extremely easy go around?

It made him confused about the whole path of cultivation that he had in mind.

'Maybe absorbing the Talent into oneself and Dao itself is totally different… I need to do some serious research on this!'

For that, he would need another 3000 Dao Crystals alongside the nearly 1000 he needed for his Skin Transformation, and more yet to come in order to cultivate the other two Transformations.

"Come on guys, let's go home." Han Li stood up from the boulder and started walking home, his eyes unable to escape his thoughts. No matter what, with the Seduction Magic Power becoming his Talent alone, he had a clear path to move now.

'I should make one offensive Magic Power and one Defensive kind into my talent…' He licked his lips at the thought, but didn't plan to do it here since he didn't require a fleshly target like the magic power — now his talent — low-level seduction required.

He could go to his home and use one power after the other and make it his own. He could already see his rise.

"Xiao Li." Yue Li skipped on her feet came to his side nimbly, and asked curiously, "So what does it all mean to us in the end? I am quite confused here. Why did you tell it to us? Like, any meaning?"

Han Li blinked and put on an arrogant face like the one Yue Li put on earlier to mock him, and said seriously, "It is not yet time for you to learn that. Wait till the time comes."

Yue Li's face reddened and Liyue smiled uncontrollably.

Taking her hands into his, Han Li smiled and said, "More knowledge is never bad, less knowledge is always bad. And Liyue," He took Liyue's hand too, and continued, "we have to talk about our marriage in focus. But we'll do everything after reaching home."

He didn't plan to ever come outside the zone for training again, unless absolutely necessary. He already had multiple paths to focus on to grow stronger and dumbly going out was… dumb.

Even if he secluded himself in his home now and cultivated slowly, he had the resources to complete his minor goals.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89 - 89: Some minor hiccups in life, unnoticed by even the great demon.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Having reached his home, Han Li made his confused mom and fiancee walk into the kitchen and entered his room. Having knowledge of what a 'Talent' was, he just couldn't sit still and be casual, he immediately needed to make a defensive and offensive Magic Power into a Talent.

"Why do you think he is being so secretive?" Yue Li asked in curiosity, twiddling her pearly fingers in hot water to make it clean before cooking.

Li Yao who was now along with them asked in return, "Han Li is always secretive, isn't he?"

"Secretive?" Yue Li snorted. "He is never been secretive with me. He isn't even shy, we had always been open to each other except for some things that took time. But in the end, he is rarely—if not ever—secretive with me."

"Really?" Liyue asked enviously. "He has never been open with me, I always felt he put me in a bit of distance."

Yue Li looked at her and chuckled wryly. "You really are braver when he is not around."

Liyue scratched her cheeks and sighed. "I don't know, I am too confused at the moment and I really want to know some things."

Yue Li became silent and she tensely breathed in. Curious, Li Yao looked at them and asked with bright eyes, "What happened?"

Liyue nor Yue Li explained and an awkward silence settled in the kitchen.

"It seems your relationship with your son is revealed now?" Li Yao smiled and sat atop the bamboo seat they had bought for her.

Yue Li and Liyue turned and looked at her with wide eyes.

"How do you know that?!"

"Yue Li, you were too obvious at that point." Li Yao got comfortable on the seat and took a small flagon of alcohol. "A woman as beautiful as you, who had been sleeping on the same bed as a healthy young man for more than 18 years, and nothing happened between you two? Even an idiot can't be that idiotic."

Yue Li looked at her with even wider eyes as her mind flashed back to her memories. She and Han Li had a peculiar relationship for a long time now, even though they had only gone beyond the line a month or so ago.

"Look at you growing thoughtful at such words." Li Yao shook her head and gulped down some spicy alcohol. "You and my Liyue are also somewhat too alike in some aspects. I find it normal to think that he wanted her due to you."

Liyue looked at her mother with a wronged gaze and asked with slightly teary eyes, "If you understood they had a relationship… why didn't you tell it to me?"

She had believed her mother to be open to her in such secrets. They were one team, right?

"Look at me Li'er, she is your Mother-in-law. And I am your Mother. Heck, I can now even be considered your husband's mistress. Do you want me to tell you such things when even I myself am not sure about it? That would be low-class behavior."

Liyue bit her lips and looked down at the floor.

Yue Li looked at her and felt a bit guilty but at the same time, confused, and even a bit annoyed. "Why are you so emotional though? You let your mother become his Harem member but I can't be one?"

"It's not that you can't be one and…I also feel bad for feeling like this…" Liyue shook her head, unable to tell what really was her own problem. But somehow, a small fly seemed to be gnawing at her heart or something.

A gentle and caring hand suddenly ruffled her hair and gently lied atop her head. "I didn't know you were so conflicted about it. So, this is my fault."

Liyue turned sideways and found her Brother Han standing beside her with his gaze focused on her. "It was only natural you felt that way, so don't feel bad."

"Natural?" she asked, her one hand instinctively moving up to hold his hand still.

"Aggressive today, are we?" Han Li said with amusement as he gently moved infront of her and made her look into his eyes. "You put belief in me and mom to tell you such important matters like our relationship. But we still kept it a secret and didn't bother telling you. That, now that I think about it, was a very, very selfish thing."

Liyue tried to look down, but his hands didn't let her to.

"I should have told you. It is the classic behavior of men to look down on women and see them as some kind of trophy to use as a way of evolving their own status… maybe, I fell into that trap too I guess…" he said seriously, "But I know when it's a mistake from me and I humbly apologize."

Yue Li and Li Yao looked on from the side while Liyue nervously stood there, not knowing what to do or say.

"Liyue, sorry I didn't tell you yet but I and Mom are deeply in love. To the point, I can't live without that goofball… it is the same for her. Are you okay with this? If you are not, we could only part." He looked into her eyes confidently. "And don't worry, as long as another man doesn't bed you, I shall look after you since you are in the end a woman I have come to care about.

I would never slack in training you either."

Yue Li smiled uncontrollably and took in a relaxed breath. Maybe it was not all that bad that Liyue ended up knowing.

Startled, Liyue moved her hand and clutched his robes. "No, Big Brother it is nothing that serious…"

"Then?" Han Li looked at her face calmly, he had all the time in the world now.

"I was j..just startled. Nothing else!"

"So you don't mind my relationship with mom?"

"It's not that I don't care, I just feel it is unusual… I never heard of another son and mother having a relationship… that's why…"

"Don't be so nervous, calm down, I am not interrogating you Liyue… I heard you feel I always put a bit of distance?" Han Li gently sighed.

Liyue had no answer to that since she did feel a bit distanced. But her nervousness started to calm down.

Yue Li and Li Yao exchanged glances with each other and Yue Li muttered in a low voice to the latter's ears. "My son is so romantic, right?"

The alcohol almost caught on her throat and Li Yao wryly chuckled. "You guys are indeed perfect for each other. Like son, like mother."

"Liyue!" Han Li ignored the duo and called out.

She looked at him with a pair of unclear eyes. "I will give you time to figure out your own emotions and clear the knots in your heart. That is the path to figuring out what your Heart of Cultivation, or as ancients called it, Dao Heart is. This is a good opportunity too. When you feel ready, just ask me, I will be there to help you with whatever you need."

Liyue gently nodded with a big breath and closed her eyes in anticipation of a kiss. Han Li smiled and his tongue gently entered her mouth and they exchanged their now-usual kiss.

"Okay then, my little Liyue, it's time I pampered on you a little to make your heart of cultivation a little biased against me. Mothers, where is the food? Bring us food!" Han Li laughed and sat on the kitchen table in wait.

As the ladies got busy preparing some last-minute add-ons to the food, He calmly sat with Liyue and they just silently sat there. Liyue will now have to think deeply about herself and come to terms with her own wishes, then which will slowly transform into her heart of cultivation.

As they were seated and in wait, Han Li's gaze moved toward his hand briefly and Life Vision turned on.

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 18]

If he wanted, he could have used his current remaining crystals to add one more Magic Power into him as one of the Talents, but he didn't do so. He didn't plan to do so.

He planned to slowly cultivate and complete 3 of the Transformations of the Body Cultivation Art [Demonic Transformation] first.

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 1.01% complete] It was still a long distance away and he would need to start accumulating without any wastage.

As the piping hot meat curry and rice were served, Han Li took a deep breath and murmured. "So Mother in Law you indeed knew how to cook."

"What did you think otherwise?" Li Yao put the alcohol to the side and sat down. "Even though it is still quite hard for me to move around, I am getting used to it. Once I get used, I will cook better than your mom."

"In your dreams!" Yue Li's exclaimed aloud, filled with confidence. Her cooking hadn't even been shown in reality yet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90 - 90: Mother-in-law in bed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After their food, it was supposed to be their usual resting time, but since today was a day filled with ups and downs and revelations, Han Li let them do whatever they wanted with their time.

Yue Li and Liyue decided to go to check out how the old store owned by Pang Li was coping, and Han Li didn't bother with them as they left.

He could still tell they were filled with a small bit of tension between them and he was pretty sure it would take time for Liyue to have even some understanding of herself and her wishes.

Li Yao, his mother-in-law stood in the doorway and looked at them as they left. "So what happened in the end today? How did Liyue find out your relationship?" she asked amusedly.

Han Li took her hands and closed the door. Then he brought his face closer and kissed her on her lips gently.

She didn't resist and in fact, moved her tongue in accordance with his own.

His hands wrapped around her waist and he carried her up by the butt and brought her to her room. "Are we finally going to do it all the way?" he asked and let her fall on the soft bed.

She looked up at him with a clear gaze. "You really are the most perverted young man I know, do you think with your dick or something?"

"The only young man you know is me though," Han Li rubbed his nose.

"But really, do you think Liyue and your mother didn't understand that we might make out once they're out? They really were being tactful, you know?" She asked as she just relaxed on the bed and looked up at the firm and thatched ceiling.

Han Li got on top of her and looked down at her. She had long flowing black hair, pretty black eyes, a slender figure, big boobs that would not fit in his palm easily, and a snarky personality that cared for no one's thoughts.

He moved his face closer and kissed her, his lips meeting her rosy lips and gently nibbling on it for a while.

She let him do so and after a while, they broke their kiss.

"This kiss thing really is quite good, did you and your mom do this from a long time ago?" she asked curiously as she licked her lips.

"No, I kissed Mom for the first time just a month ago. Leave that, so can we have a go at it now?"

Liyue pondered for a second. "As I said a week ago, I don't mind you fucking me. But I have a small condition, do not fuck me infront of Liyue or ever talk anything like this about me infront of her. I want her to have full respect for me and such things can't affect my image infront of her."

"I fuck my mom all day and I respect her all the same though? in fact she still smacks me when I move too much in sleep." Han LI laughed.

"That's different. There is a different bond between you two and you don't really 'respect', respect her right? It's more like you love her to your bones…" she replied thoughtfully. "And even though I know Liyue loves me, she doesn't really depend on me like you do on your mother or she does on you. In fact, I am the only one relying on her."

Han Li caressed her face and said praisingly, "You really are good at looking into people, your analysis is almost scary.

"Hmm… in a way, that's true. But I do 'respect', respect Mom too… and as you said earlier, Liyue is being considerate about our situation. Thus she does know what we might do," Han Li said.

"That's true and I am sure about it, but that is one thing, and being seen fucking you is totally different. I can already guess my expressions might not be that good once we get into it."

"Okay, I will not tell anyone about your expressions and such except with my mom if she asks. Sorry, I do not lie to her for no reason," Han Li said casually but he also thought about something that started troubling him slightly.

He had told many a lie to his mother, and even after coming back in time, that didn't change. For him, even scamming her into his bed had already become second nature.

Moreover, anything not of good ends had always been kept a secret from her, if she ever came to know all of what he had been saying and doing had been a lie, it would be horrendous.

Li Yao smirked and her pretty eyes shined curiously. "What about Yue Li made you so attracted to her though? I can tell how amazing of a woman she is but you don't seem like an 'actually' lustful person as you seem, to me at least. Neither did you look like a person who is easy to fall in love with someone."

He could have taken her and even her daughter already if he wanted, but he was being too considerate for him to be a horny boy.

"Wow…you really are scary…" Han Li sat on her stomach and opened her white blouse gently to show him her white and plump boobs. It had erect pink nipples, pink areola, and a gentle and inviting aura.

"Are you really going to suck my boobs?" Li Yao's eyes twitched.

Han Li looked at her face filled with questions and smirked as he started to fondle her boobs. His hands filled with the talent of seduction sent jolts of electrifyingly hot sensations into her body and she involuntarily yelped.

"I am going to do that and more today, any issues?" he asked.

"I don't mind… but it's kinda embarrassing, right? And you are even my daughter's husband to boot. So why don't we start a bit slow?"

Li Yao said similar things some days ago but she was far less relaxed and inviting. So he hadn't forced his desires on her and now, he finally felt as if she was willing and actually ready to do it.

He smiled and got out of the bed instead of going straight at it, and then removed his clothes to reveal his top-notch, seductive body.

She could even see his veiny cock which was already slightly erect and standing.

'Unbelievably big!' she swallowed.

"My Liyue is indeed a lucky girl," she said with her eyes glued on it.

Han Li looked at her; she was still in a relaxed position but he could see her caramel skin growing a red hue on her face, her clothes were ruffled and her huge boobs were out. A burning desire was hidden deep in her eyes.

She had been crippled for years and she wouldn't lie, even if Han Li was her daughter's husband, she still wished to be fucked by him. Hard!

She had been quite disgruntled about such a twisted desire but seeing how easy going her own daughter was about it, that changed. This kid even fucked his own mother, so her own desires were not that bad, right?

Now she wanted it. Her breathing grew heavy and her eyes grew ever so hazy.

Han Li sat on the bed and presented her his cock. Veiny, strong, and ready for another battle.

"Are you okay with sucking it?" he asked.

"People even suck it?" Li Yao's forehead started to sweat. She really wanted to try that!

Way more than she wanted to try kissing.

"I never let my mom suck it, so if you do, you will be the first one to do so and Mom would throw hell at me." Han Li chuckled.

Li Yao blinked and frowned.

"…"

"What?" Han Li questioned.

"You really are quite horrendous. Speaking and thinking about your mom all the time even while you are in bed with another woman…"

Han Li grew thoughtful and as rare as it was in his life, his 500-year-old face grew a natural and sudden loving smile. "Sorry, I really was thinking how she would feel… I really can't stop thinking about her even while I am about to bed someone else for the first time in this life…"

Li Yao looked at him with twitching eyebrows. "What a creepy smile, to think of your mom and smile… so I wasn't the only one reluctant to have sex with you but you were reluctant in some part of your mind too."

Han Li looked at her and once again grew thoughtful.

He really was a bit reluctant deep down to have sex with someone other than his mom, or else he could have gone a bit faster with Li Yao and Liyue.

Li Yao suddenly moved and he was preoccupied with his thoughts and didn't bother stopping her. She took his big cock into her mouth and pushed it deep in, then she looked up with her eyes.

Han Li looked down in surprise as her slimy tongue started to move around his dick.

'Damn…' he thought as she began to move her head up and down gently. He could feel half of his cock inside her, she slurped slightly and pushed her head further in with her eyes still looking up at him. A single push made even more of his cock enter her mouth.

Its tip even touched her throat.

She gulped slightly and moved her head back a bit uncomfortably. She had never done something like this.

Han Li took her by the head and gently moved it up and down as his cock became harder and harder inside her. She was clumsy but a natural.

Her tongue slid smoothly around his cock and she avoided her teeth clearly. He pushed a bit more of his cock into her and then brought it back.

"You really are daring," he said and used seduction a bit, making her mouth sensitive as he face-fucked her.

Her boobs were also teasing his thighs, so he made her head move even faster as a slimy sensation surrounded his cock and made his excitement rise.

The more she sucked, the more familiar she got, and the more he enjoyed it. And before he knew it, he grunted slightly and his warm jizz exploded into her mouth.

"You have a good mouth…" He took a deep breath and said.

Li Yao took the dick out and looked at him with a slightly frowning face. "What a weird thing I just tasted…"

"Damn, mom's gonna be very mad if she knows…" Han Li smiled wryly.

"Why didn't you let her do it?" Li Yao licked her lips and asked.

"I just don't want her to kneel or such infront of me, I always like her to be more dominant but she is always too submissive to me. Don't tell her by the way."

"What do you want me to be?" Li Yao asked.

Han Li pushed her down on the bed and smirked. "Try being dominant, but I don't think you can do it. I am naturally dominant."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91 - 91: First Time~
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li pushed her down on the bed and smirked. "Try being dominant, but I'll tell you, I really don't think you can do it. I am a natural dominant."

Li Yao looked at him curiously, her body growing hotter by the second. "Try me?" she asked.

He smirked and started to undress her entirely. First, he removed her white pants, and her fair thighs and smooth legs appeared infront of him in all its beauty.

He gently roamed his hand through her legs and up her thighs before stopping and looking into her eyes. She looked back, she had the urge to look away and let him dominate her beyond heaven. But she didn't and looked back at him with a tense gaze.

He then looked at her white cotton panties that had gotten slightly damp with a seductive smile and gently touched the dampness and drew a line across it. The outline of her slit drew itself on her panties and his finger turned wet.

Bringing it to his nose, he sniffed the unique seductive smell of his mother-in-law.  For the first time, the strong woman blushed today and her breathing grew heavier. He brought the wet finger into his mouth and tasted her juices.

She blushed even more as her weak leg fingers quivered slightly in anticipation. She could still feel the taste of his manhood in her mouth and her pussy twitched to feel it too.

As he looked at her silently anticipating his next move, he gently put two of his fingers in the damp area of her underwear and wiggled it slightly. Her legs tightened and she took a deep breath.

He moved his fingers once more and the dampness spread all throughout her underwear, drawing an even better outline of her pussy for him. He gently moved his hand in through the side of the cloth and he could feel the wet hair of her pussy.

"You didn't clean it?" he asked curiously as he used his other hand to spread her thighs a bit further.

She breathed heavily and briefly glanced at his cock with a hopeful gaze. 'Why are you taking so much damn time?'

"I…I cleaned it… Just a little bit of hair is remaining."

"I see," he smiled and removed her white panty with a smirk as her slightly hairy and wet pussy was revealed.

It had some transparent juices all over it, and as he gently put his index finger on the clitoris, she took a deep breath and moaned. Her voice was full of suppressed anticipation and fear as his finger moved down in a line through her pussy and touched her vaginal opening.

For a second, he didn't move it and her whole body shivered in anticipation.

Then, his finger moved in through the wet flesh and gently wiggled inside her. She breathed heavily and moaned as her insides got gently tickled by the waves of seduction washing over her.

He moved and looked at her red and struggling face and then removed her final clothing, her top white robe that was already disheveled, and she moaned as her body was visibly shaken.

The stimulation from his wiggling finger inside her weak pussy was one thing and him rotating her to remove her shirt was another. Even more juices trickled down her wet pussy and he rubbed her clitoris with his thumb.

Her erect, pink, and standing nipples looked at him invitingly and he no longer hesitated. He gently moved down and took it into his mouth, the nipple was gently nibbled and Li Yao could no longer contain her moans.

The strong smell of his male hormones was too close to her nose.

He was pushing her down strongly too. She moaned in ecstasy as he took a deep, gentle suck of her boobs. It was as if he could really get milk as he just kept sucking. While his fingers one by one entered her insides and made their mark with gentle wiggles inside her.

He chuckled and moved his face infront of her as his tongue trailed a path through her chest to smooth jaws and took a gentle bite.

Her hands tightened on the bedsheets and his kiss moved up to her lips.

Heat rushed through her as she was forced to stare into his red eyes. Han Li's body heat and the warmth of his body had an intoxicating effect on her, and she found herself aroused, her mind going blank as his hand moved out from her pussy and something entered in its place.

Something huge.

Strong!

Her breath hitched and she held his head with all the strength she had as his cock entered into her. It was too tight inside her so he gently pushed down at first, his standing cock entering deeper and deeper into her as she found some last remnants of her hymen breaking apart and almost the entirety of his cock slamming into her.

She grunted in a bit of pain but more than twice the amount of pleasure made her beautiful and gentle motherly face warp in ecstasy. He pushed a bit more and he could feel her tight insides strongly wrap around his cock and she could feel her insides being penetrated to its deepest core.

They both stopped for a second and Han Li's arousal grew. "To think you had some bit of hymen left even after you birthed our little Liyue."

She nodded with a struggling face and he smirked as he moved his waist slightly.

"Aaan~" she moaned. "A bit more gentle!"

He once again moved back.

"Han..Han Li!"

He chuckled at her and pulled his cock bit out of her pussy. Then, just as suddenly, pushed back in.

"Hiss!!!!" her whole body shivered in pleasure. The wet feeling in her insides, the sensation of an extremely big cock dominating her. The feeling of him looking down at her and knowing that she belonged to the same man as her daughter.

"Khhk~!" her pussy tightened and he took both of her legs and spread them wide in the air. She wanted to resist, cum, or get some kind of release but her mind was barely overwhelmed by the pleasure and she lost herself in it as his cock penetrated all over her insides.

He then pushed deep in and just as he felt she was about to cum, reduced his speed. She gasped and looked at him with a face filled with resentment. He smirked and once again did exactly that, penetrating his mother-in-law's tight pussy till it twitched in anticipation of a climax before settling down weirdly to make her overwhelmed.

"Han..Han Li An~ Han~ Hm~" She couldn't complete her sentence amidst the moans and he enjoyed her twisting and ecstatic expression. She moaned out and with a chuckle, he pushed in with one strong move and his cock twitched inside her.

His cum exploded into her womb with no worry of pregnancies and her back arched as transparent heavenly liquid mixed with white cum dripped down the gaps in her pussy.

She breathed heavily as her back fell back on the bed gently. "You really ah~ are  Ah! Intense…" she said.

His cock once again twitched inside her and leaked a bit more cum. She arched her head and breathed out.

"I could actually go for two or three more times, you know?" he asked amusedly, his voice filled with teasing as he moved in gentle strokes.

She couldn't stop her heavy breathing or moans, she could feel it overwhelm her sensitive pussy again. "Gen..hmm… Gentle this time ah! Mmm~" she relaxedly moaned as he moved gentler and gentler.

Her back was now full of sweat and the bedsheets were now fully damp. Her legs were still up in the air in his hands too. 'I wonder if Liyue can handle his cock…' she wondered as his gentle thrusts sent electricity into her spine.

He leaned down and gently kissed her on her nape. Then his kiss moved to her cheeks and then to her eyes and finally, to her nose.

"You really are a beautiful lady Li Yao."

"That's ah! Mother in Law for you…Khk!"

"Could also be the mother of my child…" he teased.

Li Yao breathed in deeply and looked at his face. He was close enough, she could see his fair skin's texture. Even his face was slightly sweaty.

"I know people who failed in evolution can't have kids," she said, actually quite relieved that he was gentle enough in his thrusts.

He caressed her cheeks and placed a kiss on her forehead. "You really were right, you showed me some really good expressions… worthy of being my mistress."

She looked up at him as his cock, just as sensitive as her pussy was quivered and released even more cum inside her.

"Let's just cuddle like this till they come and have a try at doing it one more time…" he smiled and fell beside her, and took her into his embrace with a loving smile.

Li Yao looked at him and tiredly laid on his firm chest. "I can already see Liyue will be obsessed with you at some point."

"Just like you?"

Li Yao sighed. "Just like me…"

He smiled and took his dick out, then gently covered her in a loving embrace. "I like women being obsessed with me, be obsessed."

Li Yao sighed as her face was pushed deep into his chest. "Little brat, I can't breathe clearly…"

"You can call me big brother Han and I might let you breathe…"

"Big dick Han, please let me move."

Han Li's eyes twitched as he felt her hand gently take hold of his cock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92 - 92: Sensational Barrier
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After having their fun first time together, Han Li and Li Yao spent the next hour or so just cuddling and speaking to each other about some random things.

Mostly, their conversations were either about how naive Liyue and Yue Li were or how wicked Han Li himself was.

Han Li could only smile wryly at how observant this dangerous woman was. Even though he hadn't really cared about hiding that stuff or keeping them a secret, she was the most keen among the three women he now had.

She pointed out, one by one, moments when he seemed to be hiding secrets. And how he sometimes seemed far too experienced for a young boy his age.

She even told him how he seemed to be too good in bed, she was even sure that he had years of sexual experience. At one point, she even doubted if Yue Li actually made use of his childish desires from a young age like a third-rate villainous mother.

Or else how could he be so good?

He gave her a hard stare and said, "I lost my virginity at the age of 18, a mere month from today. Don't say bad about Mom using your assumptions… I wanted to do it and I begged her to do it but she never let me do it. She is a woman of her own set of innocent principles that most of us can't clearly understand."

'She belonged to a different civilization at first after all.'

They then talked about some normal stuff and the more Li Yao spoke with him, the more casual she became. The taste of flesh and flesh was the last barrier a good couple could probably have, and now that they had crossed it, they had no more barriers.

Except the ones that Han Li put there for their own and his safety. Secrets like his 500 years of future knowledge and his mother's origin were absolutely deadly, so he had no plans of telling anyone of such.

But that didn't mean he didn't accept Li Yao into his family, in fact, from the moment his Heart of Cultivation became one that was of the true demon, he had decided he wouldn't let Liyue or Li Yao get out of his grasp.

They were his first harem members.

Even though he hadn't put a mark or such on them yet.

Later that day, his mother and Liyue returned with downtrodden faces. By then, he and Li Yao had already bathed themselves and removed any proof of their earlier bedtime stories, but the mere fact that they bathed was enough for the other two to roll their eyes at them.

Looking at them though, Han Li could tell the earlier tension Liyue and Yue Li had in between them had vanished.

They were even skipping and holding hands as they came towards him. Just like a little daughter and a beautiful mother.

He couldn't help but find his heart warm.

***

In the kitchen, the light of the evening sun splashed in like waves through the windows and the curtains danced in the wind. The smell of fried vegetables and deep-fried fish permeated the surroundings.

"…As I said, you shameless duo," spoke Yue Li while flipping the fish, The frying sound of it and the smell permeating the area made the three people salivate while she continued, "I am improving my cooking even though I am not particularly putting my focus on it."

Li Yao gulped down a wad of saliva and didn't ask who the shameless duo she mentioned was. She didn't want to get that burn infront of her daughter.

Yue Li could be quite shameless.

Even though she and even her daughter knew Yue Li—Han Li's own mother—was the one to take his virginity, she couldn't use that as an argument with Yue Li since she would either feel proud or just blush and wave it away.

Whereas Yue Li didn't mind and just wanted to make fun of her since she challenged her cooking earlier. The best way to do it was just to act as if she didn't hear it, as if the one mentioned was not her.

Liyue looked at her with a side-eye.

Han Li leisurely sat on the chair with his legs above the table and asked curiously, "Can you beat the inner circle chef now? Want to attempt it someday?"

Yue Li's eyes brightened. "Yes, I will defeat him, but his Dao is too profound for now, I have to attain more proficiency before I can dabble into beating him. Xiao Li, you will be my precious lab rat. And Liyue too."

Li Yao's eyes twitched. "Oi.."

Han Li chuckled.

"Liyue, they really are dumb, right? Should we go out and have some alone time instead of wasting our time with them?" he innocently teased the girl who was silently sitting beside him.

She blushed slightly and said, "Shameless."

"What?" Han Li's eyes widened.

"All of you, My Mom, Mother, and you, all three of you are shameless!" she said with a sigh. "Acting as I am infront of you guys will be tiring…"

Han Li's eyes shined. "So?"

"I want my heart to be strong enough to face people."

"Then that's one thing you should focus on when you are solidifying your Heart of Cultivation."

They were having small talks like that while Yue Li took the opportunity when Li Yao was speechless for the first time to throw multiple jabs at her. She was really enjoying bullying her.

And Li Yao endured it silently since none of the jabs explicitly called her out on having intercourse with Han Li as of yet. Maybe, even Yue Li had some bit of pity.

'Mom, don't speak bad about her… she is actually quite insecure about the whole thing even though she accepted it in the end.' A message reached inside Yue Li's mind and she suddenly turned silent.

Han Li looked at her with a blink.

He was trying this Magic Power as a Talent for the first time, and now it felt as if he had gained another organ instead of using magic powers.

Transmission and such were really too good when it became a talent instead of using it sparingly due to the need to save crystals.

[Sensational Barrier: In the distance that the Soul Sense covers, any senses that can induce Lust in a living being can be manipulated slightly if they are weaker than the caster of the power. But if it is a person with a Soul equally as mighty as the caster, they would only be stunned at best if they don't have any countermeasures.]

Unlike magic powers, Talents were far easier to use, and using this method to speak with Yue Li as if he was talking into her mind was easy. His soul sense could cover 10 meters, so she was inside the area of effect too.

And this was far from this power's limit, he was just mild in the ways he used it.

Yue Li exchanged a weird glance with him for a second before a guilty feeling rose in her chest. She had messed up!

She took the freshly cooked and perfect fish fry. Then, she put it above a hot plate and silently put it in front of Li Yao first.

Li Yao looked at her with more than a bit of surprise.

"…I am…I didn't know you actually minded…" she said quietly and scratched the side of her cheeks.

Li Yao's expression turned weird and confused and she glanced at Han Li. He didn't tell her, right? Then how on sacredness?!

Liyue didn't clearly understand and looked at the fish with a rising appetite instead. 'She told me I will be the first to get it…'

"…Did Han Li speak with you in the middle of it all? Was I dazed or something?" Li Yao curiously asked as she took the chopsticks and bit into a spicy fish.

As usual, Yue Li's cooking was spicy enough that it might make a noble princess curse in anger but by now, she had gotten used to it and today's food tasted especially tasty in their cold weather.

Even Han Li took a second glance at her fish.

"No? Where would Xiao Li talk to me?" Yue Li blinked and asked, but blinked again naturally.

"Say once more that," Li Yao said, blowing the heat out of the spicy thing. Her lips already had a small burning sensation.

"Xiao Li didn't talk…" Yue Li said, this time looking at Han Li. "Right?"

"Go cook my food now… I am hungry Mom." Han Li could only sigh with a smile. His mom wasn't so incapable of lying but she didn't like lying at all.

For someone as keen as Li Yao… it was only natural she understood.

'It's nothing, I can now speak into your minds if I want to. So don't show it when the time comes. If I am speaking to you this way, act as if nothing is happening.' He said into all three of their minds.

They all blinked together.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93 - 93: Prideful? Wow, Golden!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The hills stretched to the distant horizons as distant as one could gaze to. In some random areas that gaze may pass through, mountains jutted up, some almost tearing a hole through the sky as the locals smilingly said.

As the wind brushed past people's faces and gently drifted away with more stories to spread, under The Hill, which stood taller than anything Jin had ever seen, he looked down at his village from above an ancient and mighty tree.

"Today, I, this Jin, will tell you," he said, puffing his chest up and tightening his fist. "I will travel to all sides of this world and conquer the things even the Sacred Demons couldn't. I will pluck hot flowers from Divine Pride, drink the wine of ancients from Great Greedsburg, and capture the hearts of women from Sacred Lust. Here, I vow it with my name on the line."

A cold wind passed by and lifted his roughed-up hair. He cringed in pain.

His body was filled with bruises.

"Damn those bastards really did a number on this George, damn them! Damn them I say!" the boy tried to stretch his body but the pain. Actually, it still hurt.

More than the physical pain, his heart hurt.

The woman he had loved from an early age…

He looked down at the puddle. His eyes tearing up.

"I loved you for 30 years! 30 years!" he screamed.

He could see his golden hair, as brilliant as the shiny sun, and a face as handsome as the heavens, eyes shining with golden light. He was a little short for his age, but so what? That was his charm.

Why would someone ever want to betray such a beautiful man?

He couldn't understand. Was it because of some insignificant freckles that couldn't probably ruin his beauty? Was it because he had been too engrossed in his cultivation?

He clenched his hands.

"Or was it…" he suddenly squinted and a pained expression plastered across his face, "Was it because I was too handsome for her?"

"Oi, Jin, would you please stop your act and come down?" suddenly, some bastard ruined his outstanding performance and called from underneath the tree.

He took a calm and deep breath as a smile grew on his face. 'This little shit.'

He looked down and saw a boy about the same age as himself, possibly 20 or so.

"Peasant, what do you want?" he asked coldly, his golden gaze growing cold superiority that had no question marks.

"Peasant?" the black-haired man underneath frowned but he didn't say anything wrong. He didn't dare to. "I was wondering if you could practice with our team on the competition against the shackled demons of this month, I heard we even captured some heinous ones with top notch battle performance in the Evolution Stage."

"Oh…?" The young man's eyes brightened. "It's actually been some time since I came for such a massive harvest of energy. What do you think, is there an audience?"

"Hahaha, you bet. I heard almost the entirety of the sect is coming to watch!" the man's eyes also shined. As long as he could convince Jin, this competition was set!

Jin took a deep whiff of the flowery wind coming from the north and his golden gaze rippled, Before the boy below noticed, Jin was standing beside him, but this time, he had no childish excitement or happiness on his face but an overwhelming indifference.

"If I can win without your help or need, why should I join you?" he coldly asked, and as the man's heart started to skip beats in fear, he smirked evilly. "Or are you… using me?"

"I…I wouldn't dare!" the black-haired man exclaimed.

Jin indifferently closed his eyes and smiled cheerily. "Don't worry, I was just joking."

Then, he vanished as a flicker of light, and the black-haired young man was left there, standing as cold sweat trickled down his back.

…

The boy languidly traveled like a phantom, reached about a kilometer away in seconds, and gently snuck into a hidden, sealed cave.

Once inside, he waved his hand, and the surrounding lights lit up.

His face grew a calm and beautiful smile, even though he was quite freckled and ugly in a sense, in a weird way, people couldn't help but feel inferior to him at one glance.

He walked around while looking at the people sitting or sleeping around, their gaunt figures shrinking at his gaze.

And the said people, beggars, looked at him, their filled stomachs which had eaten everything they needed to, quivering in fear.

"Today is a remarkable day fellows," Jin said, and then asked, "Do you know why?"

The beggars didn't dare to answer.

"Because my Pride Demon Sacred Body's 3rd Transformation was completed today and I can now say proudly that my body is as strong as anyone you know who is in the Evolution Stage."

The Beggars looked at him with a discomforting level of fear.

"And guess what? I am now at my proudest and I am gaining energy even by walking around. Do you know what that means?" his voice grew eerily superior the more he spoke.

A little bald boy, shiveringly, looked at him and asked, "Are you going to kill us, sir, can't you leave us be, you already gained what you wanted from us, right?"

Jin sadly looked at him, and said with a shake of his head, "How I wish dear, How I wish. But you see, my personality is quite messed up. I am actually very kind but since I have to kill you no matter what to keep my blemishless appearance, I already told you some of my greatest secrets. Do you know what that means fellows?"

The 7 beggars, young, old, female, and male, turned silent.

So the month-old torment was coming to an end through death. He had been using them as a source of pride, and superiority. The passively gained Pride Minor Dao Crystals had been a source of constant boasts for him

"It is time for you guys to kill yourself. So who goes first?"

The young boy looked at him and sighed. "So kill us, you demonic scum."

A smile stretched across Jin's face and he shook his head. "You guys are so cute, I almost have the urge to let you live. Especially you boy, if I could, I would've let you live."

The boy looked at him coldly and sadly. "You will die a death worse than mine." He cursed.

***

Back in the Sacred Lust Continent, Southern Lust City.

6th Month was already halfway in and the coldness had already started thinning its influence on the inhabitants. The little bit of snow that had settled atop the green valleys and the canopies of trees had started melting slowly and the signs of an early spring were showing its edge slightly.

But today was another rainy night, and this one was an especially violent storm. Trees bend almost 90 degrees and birds huddled with fear inside their nests, even frogs weren't out at today's violent night.

But inside Han Li's abandoned home, a young man sat there with his pale grey eyes shining mysteriously.

"This Han Li seems more ordinary the more we look into him," said the calm voice of the woman inside him.

He continued on her note, "But he looks all the more dangerous and mysterious too."

"What do you think, do we withdraw?" the woman asked, she didn't want Yang Wei to take too much of an unknown risk when she was unsure whether or not it was worth it. If Yang Wei dies, she will die too, after all.

"As long as you could at least touch him, the influence I left on him using the mirror could be activated and we will have 24/7 surveillance on him. That should be enough for us to get the gist of his limits and get the advantage into our hands.

Yang Wei boy, do you think it's possible?" the woman sounded much more tame than she was some days ago and he was actually a bit tempted to nod but he firmly shook his head.

"He is an Evolved, I am an Evolved too, but in his case, he is an Ethereal Type, and no matter how stupidly confident he is on his body, he would never let me go too close to him. And since we failed to touch him in our first appearance, he would already be suspicious."

"Then it is a battle of luck and guesses, do you dare to fight him?"

"I have no fear of none. But I have to plan and we shouldn't mess with him inside this city, no matter how good you say you are at hiding my presence from Soul Sense."

The woman grew slightly pensive. "If he really is a kid with great talent and some magical luck as we expected, giving him even a day of growth is stupid on your part. If you want to kill him, go for the kill him as soon as possible, in one word, tomorrow. He wouldn't know you are inside the clan grounds after all."

As he was in the shadows and his enemy was in the light, he had his advantage.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94 - 94: Heart growing chaotic for no reason?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li's tongue gently roamed inside his mother's pussy, and she squirmed in pleasure and tightened her legs around his neck. "Ju…just like that, Xiao Li!" she moaned.

He made his tongue enter even deeper in and pulled it back out, but right after, his tongue once again started enjoying his mother's vaginal liquids as they streamed out.

"Xiao Li…Do that An~…ah!" she moaned, "wiggle thing…"

Han Li sniffed slightly, and the refreshing and sexual smell of his mom's aroused pussy envigorated his senses. He pushed his face deep into her crotch and pushed in his tongue as much as he could, and once his tongue was deeply wrapped and captured by her walls, he wiggled his tongue inside.

He could vividly feel her taste, salty but equally sweet. Her legs tightened harshly around his head, and his face was pushed even deeper into her pussy as her soft thighs comfortably hugged him. Her profane and beautiful liquid gently trickled into his mouth from her vagina, and he drank it all without any wastage; she even helped him do it by raising her waist gently.

"Ah! Ha!…ha…" she breathed heavily, and he licked clean in the last lingering bit of her cum from her wet and juicy vagina.

It gently twitched as his tongue drew lines on it.

"Xiao Li…" she moaned…

Han Li smiled and gentled his licks. He no longer aroused her and tried to gently clean her hairy pussy's edges with his tongue. She calmed her breathing and, soon enough, saw Han Li looking at her with a mocking look.

"It's just once anyway…" she harrumphed.

"Once?" he gently nibbled her clitoris, and her sexual tension rose again.

"Xiao Li, don't; if you do it once more, I will not let you fuck me anymore. I will resist!" she said and looked down at him seriously.

He reluctantly looked at the pussy. He was reluctant; he wanted to enjoy it more. He wanted to fuck her more; he wanted to do many, many more things. But even though she had become better by the day at lasting more, he hadn't, and it would still take time for him to be able to handle it.

He was still just a man. Only by making his body better can he actually do it more times.

"But I won the bet," he chuckled and said.

"But winning didn't mean you can work me like a horse! I won't let you fuck me again today, and that's it!" she retorted angrily. "Yes, I moaned. But so what? If I sucked your dick, you would moan too."

How dare he mock her when he was the one who put across such a weird bet in the first place.

Han Li shook his head with absolute certainty but no longer discussed it, and instead, he asked, "Then when will you reward me for making you moan, anyway?"

Their bet was to see if his tongue alone could make her moan, and he had indeed succeeded. Even though they had already had sex five times earlier and once more inside the bathroom, in total six times, he had once again made her pussy aroused, and he hadn't even needed his dick to calm it down.

"What reward?" she snorted, her face growing angrier by the second. He was scamming her! He was going to make her train even more harshly with this as his advantage. And she didn't even have the choice of saying 'no' to that either.

It felt as if she was going to be trained against her will for the first time.

Till now, she didn't actually mind it, but nowadayd, it was becoming more of a forceful thing, and that made her who actually liked to do it, rather not want to do it.

Training with him was meant to be fun. She didn't want to get washed up due to that.

"Just because you Evolved and you are stronger, you became more forceful. Do you think I can't still beat you!" she was growing irrationally angry at almost anything and she screamed.

Now that she thought, he really had been growing on her nerves lightly.

Fucking her like he owned her and training her as if she was a machine.

"Do you think you can actually make me do anything if you bet like this? I will just quit all of this and live like I used to!"

Han Li looked at her fuming face in wonder and climbed the bed to look at her.

He was rather confused. Why did she suddenly grow so angry? Wasn't she just moaning his name?

And why so suddenly?

He had never actually did anything against her will.

"What are you mad about? You were the one to accept the bet, right?" he asked, somewhat worried.

She looked at him and snorted. "You were the one who pushed me down and started sucking as if I accepted such a bet. What I actually did was say I was somewhat tired and not to disturb me while I slept. Do you know what that means? You actually forced this whole bet thing on me to get me to work even more when actually? I didn't want to!"

Han Li looked at her with a wronged face. "I obviously saw you spread your legs and remove your clothes… aren't you just making excuses and trying to escape? If you don't want to work, just say it. All of this bet thing is a joke anyway."

"NO! I got naked because I wanted to sleep more comfortably. Who would have guessed that you were so horny and would start conjuring up your own bets and think I actually nodded when I obviously didn't."

"…I don't want a reward, fine?" he frowned and slept by her side. 'What's up with her? ruining the mood for no reason.'

She looked at him, and her anger only grew for some reason, but she could no longer find a reason to yell. He silently hugged her naked body from the side, and didn't even fondle her breasts.

That made her pissed.

Everything was making her angry for some reason.

"Calm down, Mom, what is up with you?" he called out lovingly and caressed her cheeks. She looked at him, and her angry and uncalm heart started to settle slightly.

"Today morning too. Usually, if I asked to shave your vagina, you would easily allow me but you didn't allow me today. You were having sex with me like usual, too, but sometimes, you were growing aggressive. It's not that I don't like your dominant side, I actually enjoyed it a lot the whole day. but to think it would make you this angry out of nowhere is a bit… worrying.

Even earlier, you were never as adamant in making me drink it as you were now," he said calmly and gently leaned his forehead against her.

She was different from what she was usually. For a couple of minutes now, her heart was uncalm.

He loved all her sides, but he didn't like to see her hurt.

Yue Li calmed down, and she looked at his face. She herself started to look tired too.

"…Xiao Li, are you angry?"

Han Li saw she had become normal, and kissed her lips.

This time, she didn't resist and let his tongue overwhelm her like usual.

"What was this outburst all about?" Han Li asked, laying more comfortably in the bed and bringing her above his chest.

Yue Li breathed heavily as her unknown barriers started breaking, and she laid her head on his chest. "I don't know, Xiao Li, I just grew angry all of a sudden and wanted to vent… I don't know…I felt...violent, hateful."

"Why would you grow angry for no reason though?" he asked and gently rubbed her back, making her calm down further.

But his heart was skipping a beat.

"I really don't know Xiao Li… I just felt like crying, and angry after I had that orgasm… maybe something happened after that?"

Han Li pondered and smiled. "Don't worry about it, we're humans. We grow angry at times, we're supposed to feel all emotions. Hahaha, Maybe the training is finally getting to you."

"You mean?" she asked, rather tired. She just wanted to sleep now. Back into the comforting embrace of her son.

"For one, you must have actually wanted to sleep earlier instead of letting me fool around with you. But since you are my little cute mom who is far too generous when it comes to her cocky son, you let me suck it anyway. But that broke your control and caused this outburst?" he comfortably settled her into a nice sleeping position.

She wondered about the possible reasons for her anger and began to grow sleepy. "Don't do anything lustful for a while and let me sleep now… sigh… sorry dear...I don't know what got to me."

Her mind roamed as it grew blurry with sleep.

She remembered how he had put his hand into both her and Liyue's pants earlier at the same time. He had done that, and she remembered how she didn't like it at all.

Maybe that was the reason?

"Xiao Li," she called out.

Han Li asked gently. "What is it, Mom?"

"Never touch another woman when you are touching or doing something to me like that… it makes me uncomfortable to feel that only part of your attention is on me at a time… Argg…" She cried, her tears leaking into his chest.

He was startled.

"Mom, what happened?"

He could feel his heart pounding now.

"Xiao Li, I shouldn't have let you have a harem in the first place!" Her tears trickled through his naked chest. "I didn't know it would hurt like this… I was thoughtless. It is my mistake!"

She cried even more and just like that, fell asleep on his chest. He was looking at her, more stunned than he had ever been in this life.

'Something is terribly wrong,' his senses expanded to 10 meters of his surroundings and his heart started to pound.

Something was wrong, terribly, horribly wrong.

...

In the darkness of night, atop the roof of Liyue's home stood a pale-eyed man; he asked no one in particular, his voice eery and quiet, "Could your so-called Dao Heart overwhelm the guy's Heart of Cultivation? Is he confused?can I move in and touch him now?"

A rather urgent voice replied. "We messed up, I couldn't influence his heart at all. All I ended up achieving was confusing another Dao Heart beside the kid. And this heart is weak enough I didn't want to waste much of my heart's remaining power on it, but I still made it chaotic just in case."

"You are as useless as ever," the young man said and clenched his hands. "He is right under this thatched roof, right?"

"I am not sure but there are two Dao Hearts around there. It could only be him, I don't know the other person. Yang Wei, try to get hold of his weakness if he holds you off with Magic, take one of his women hostage."

"Don't tell me what to do," Yang Wei laughed.

"Ruckus would only get us in the hands of the power born here, I know exactly what to do."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95 - 95: Yang Wei Misjudged?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A cold pair of red eyes looked up at the ceiling.

His Soul Sense had caught on to the man standing above it leisurely as his grey ancient robes flowed in the wind.

His mom was sleeping next to him while his hands instinctively guarded her.

"Fellow Dao Seeker, you seem to be doing something shady atop my house." Han Li's cold voice rang out from inside, and Yang Wei's clenched hands loosened.

With a cold smile, Yang Wei asked calmly, "We both don't want to get the Power Born and the other Evolved in any of this, do we? your little secret would be out then."

He had already done his due diligence and knew nobody knew about Han Li being an Evolved. He also knew that Han Li was just eighteen years old.

An eighteen-year-old Evolved?

He could understand why Han Li wouldn't want that secret out of his pocket for the rest of the world to scrutinize.

'I don't think this is our best option,' the voice inside Yang Wei spoke, but she knew this was the most optimal route at this point.

Yang Wei smirked and looked down at the ceiling.

"You certainly seem to have a lot of secrets yourself," Han Li's even colder voice echoed, filled with indifference.

At the same time, he also sent a transmission to Liyue and Li Yao in the next room.

"Well, it's always fun to talk with equals. Haha, we are both intelligent people. Why don't we have a deeper talk?"

Han Li looked sideways at his mother and then sighed inside.

Others might not have understood what had happened earlier, but he could understand clearly. He was deep in some kind of mess.

Heart of Chaos.

A technique that only a Transcendant Stage cultivator could use, the ability to overpower or confuse other Hearts of Cultivations. At its best, it could destroy someone's mind and make them a cripple as long as the heart was weaker than the caster's.

He knew it; he once possessed the same level of powers, after all.

'Even though it is relatively weak for some reason.' Han Li's mind was cold and calloused, unworried too.

There was no way an actual Transcendant, one of the leaders of the Great Sects, would come here to mess with a junior like him for no reason.

That could only mean one thing, and that was: Yang Wei had methods that only Transcendants are supposed to have.

'Oh Bone King, is this the secret that led to you becoming a Transcendent without an Orb? You certainly are sending yourself to my lap.'

He was unworried.

If the person was that capable, such negotiations wouldn't be happening.

The only thing that worried Han Li was how Yang Wei had gotten inside the Starlight Zone without anyone else catching onto him. An Evolved was protecting the peripheries at all times, after all.

"What do you want to do?" Han Li asked, sounding worried, "I don't want to involve my family in whatever you're trying to pull me into. What about we go some distance away?"

Yang Wei's pale eyes shined.

'I have a bad feeling about this, Yang Wei; always be 100% focused when dealing with someone like this. He is probably acting naive.'

Yang Wei nodded and walked on the roof. Han Li's cold gaze roamed as the footsteps moved to the roof's edge.

'He is about to jump,' Han Li thought, walking towards the room's door. But he didn't go out; breaking the thatched roof to enter this room wasn't impossible.

Even though if Yang Wei dared to do that, the commotion would become obvious, and soon, Evolved would be coming from all sides—Han Li didn't want to take risks if by chance Yang Wei was going to do that for some psychotic reason, Yue Li would get into danger.

But his eyes kept shining mysteriously.

In some people's case, only considering their rationality would be a stupid act. Especially when the option of taking his mom or the other two women hostage remained.

In his Soul Sense, Han Li saw Yang Wei's figure land on the ground without a sound like a small piece of bone and his heart slightly tightened as he walked out of the room and sprinted towards the outside. His soul sense was locked onto Yang Wei and Yang Wei knew it, thus he didn't move and waited for Han Li to come out.

The door to the house opened with a click and Han Li closed it behind him as he finally had a line of sight with the enemy. His cold eyes deepened a layer in its coldness.

Yang Wei smiled mysteriously.

"Heart of Chaos," Han Li remarked.

Yang Wei's smile faltered.

Han Li's tone was rather calm but he was cautious enough to ask the people inside whether they were all right using the 'Sensational Barrier.'

He was confused, if so, he had to confuse his opponent even more. That way, in the chaos amidst both of their confusion, he would have a chance to analyze what was going on.

Yang Wei's pale eyes became deadly. "You know what a Heart of Chaos is?"

He had expected the opponent not to know.

Even normal Power Borns didn't know it, how did an Evolved?

That was why he boldly went atop the roof and attempted to confuse Han Li's 'Dao Heart.' If he succeded, he could either kill Han Li outright without any noise or touch Han Li once to trigger The Spirit inside his mind's mirror's power.

He would have a 24/7 eye on Han Li if he could do that.

But Han Li's heart seemed to have grown even stronger in the last few days after he used the mirror and her confusion power didn't work on him at all.

Instead, the only one affected was his mother, who had a much weaker heart.

He had expected to run away easily if the trick didn't work but Han Li's soul sense was larger than he expected and immediately surrounded him—but that also meant Han Li was as talented as himself; a sacred talent.

They glared at each other and a deep silence settled on them.

"Why are you aiming at me?" Han Li asked.

"The last time you scanned me with your Soul Sense without my permission, I didn't like that. I am here for revenge."

Yang Wei smiled again.

At least, Han Li wasn't bold enough to bring the people of Starlight Clan into this, which meant he was adamant about staying hidden. His guts were right, it was the best choice to come here.

Being cautious all the time about some random Evolved was stupid.

If he could touch Han Li, it would be even better.

Both of their Soul Senses focused on each other and contracted to focus only on each other, anything outside was pointless at this point. Only both of them mattered, one can die or kill anytime.

Han Li suddenly sighed with a smile and asked, relaxing his seemingly taut self, "Why didn't you take my family hostage?"

"Why didn't I take them as hostage?" Yang Wei's eyes suddenly widened. At the same time, his heart skipped a beat.

It had been some time since The Spirit spoke anything.

'Something is wrong…'

The black tip of a sword penetrated his back and gently went through it as he was startled. His skin that was so tough seemed like mere wood as it went in.

Blood leaked from the side of his mouth and he gritted his teeth.

He looked back to see who was using it but no one was, it floated in the air without anybody's help as the sword shifted in his stomach.

"How?! You didn't use any magic…" he said but stopped and breathed heavily. His glare grew menacing as his skin transformed into the color of bone.

Han Li's cold eyes looked at him indifferently.

[Low-Level Magic Power, Fantasy Inducement: An ability to make others briefly forget something by a lack of attention by uniquely inducing their lust.]

He had used that to make Yang Wei forget about the hostage thing altogether.

It was a small trick that always worked in these kinds of scenarios, even though he had no control over what the enemy forgot briefly.

Along with the 'Sensational Barrier' talent that completely sealed Yang Wei's senses and made contact with anyone else impossible without him moving out of Han Li's soul sense or using his own soul sense to act protectively.

"I knew somebody was talking to you," Han Li smirked calmly as Yang Wei pulled out the sword from his back with gritted teeth.

They were both now exactly about 7 meters apart.

Soul Sense could neither sense the sword nor could its sharpness aided by a Dao Crystal's energy be blocked with Evolved people's skin, even if they were Transformation Path Cultivators.

But as the sword left and left behind a hole, Yang Wei straightened his back and the hole was closed by a bone-like membrane, soon enough, healing.

Han Li's face became rather disappointed. "Transformation Path bodies are quite something," he said.

Yang Wei on the other hand had a really bad expression as the woman in his mind spoke finally, filled with disbelief, 'He seems to be able to use Magic Powers without any chants, moreover, it is fluid enough… it almost seems as if he is using another of his limbs. Be cautious, this is growing out of hand. Cover your body with your Soul Sense, and act as if he is always attacking.'

Yang Wei was also a bit frightened in his heart. 'The sword in my hand is nothing ordinary either, it is so sharp.'

Han Li looked coldly at the sword, which suddenly twisted powerfully to one angle, breaking the bones in Yang Wei's wrist as it broke free and flew back to Han Li's side.

"I am in a position I can't kill you," Han Li said indifferently.

Having a Transformation Path Sacred Body…

If Han Li tried to kill him, it would create a lot of commotion and it was even unsure whether he could kill him easily when only one time Yang Wei coming at least a meter close to him would spell the end for him.

It was the problem with having a weak body.

"Why don't we negotiate?" he took the sword in his hand and put it on his shoulder.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96 - 96: Show me your little trick, Life.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why don't we negotiate?" Han Li asked.

"Negotiate?" Irritated at not being in an advantageous position, Yang Wei sneered, "Why should we negotiate when I have nothing to lose?"

Han Li's red gaze shined.

It was true.

He was in a situation where his secrets were out and about; if someone knew it, it could even endanger his life and might even lead to one ultimate truth—he was the owner of the Lust inheritance.

Once his secret is out, he would only have two paths left to take in life: either being enslaved by one of the Great Sects or dying and becoming an interesting test subject.

He knew the Sects had more information about the 7 Sacred Demons and probably even the 7 Sacred Demon inheritors. Maybe they even had the power to steal his eyes for all he knew.

In a sense, only he was the one at a disadvantage.

At first glance, at least.

"If we don't negotiate, I will just yell for help either way and once MY clan's head is out here, you would only have one choice: to die. You don't want it, do you?" Han Li sounded indifferent, as if his secret reaching the clan head and all of the people around wasn't of his concern at all.

Yang Wei became silent and cautious, but he was still quite arrogant. "If your Clan Head comes out, don't worry. I have ways to get out of here and survive."

Han Li looked at him with scrutiny.

Did he really, or was that a bluff?

"And red-eyed freak." Yang Wei smirked. "Once, you made me forget about your family and stabbed me in the back. What about twice? I can still attack them, and with you, Ethereals, aren't you just going to be running around in an attempt to exhaust me?"

They never had those one, finishing attacks like the Transformation Path did—which was to go near and bash the enemy to death.

Han Li knew it clearly and didn't have that one ultimate power either. The laws of Ethereals and Transformation also constrained him. Only if he cultivated the technique could he consider himself different.

Sighing inside, Han Li decided to give away one of the most significant pieces of the puzzle.

Something that he was absolutely unwilling to do.

"You know I have a secret." Han Li's gaze condensed like ice. "Don't you have one too, Yang Wei? Something much more enticing than my ephemeral 'something' that people might want or not. Don't you have it, something that will make all the Power Born cultivators in the entire continent go wild?!"

Yang Wei's heart skipped a beat, but he sneered, "Hah, something that all the Power BOrns would want? From a little Evolved like me?"

Han Li chuckled. "You might have heard of these miraculous things. In fact, you might even have such a miracle, but let me ask you, Yang Wei. Have you heard of anything in this world that most wretched Power Born would kill their own family to get?"

Yaang Wei's face paled.

"It seems you remember the name, yes, a Transcendent, ORB!" Han Li's cruel and cold voice penetrated his heart and spoke straight into his soul, "Don't you have it, or something that serves the same purpose?"

Frightened for a second, Yang Wei didn't know what to say. His pale face paled even further, looking exactly like bones.

'Spirit, how does he know?!' he screamed.

But no reply arrived.

'SPIRIT!'

Han Li smirked at the bony-faced man and removed the Sensational Barrier. Unlike other Ethereals, he could use the power forever, but he didn't want to show that and wanted to seem as if he was using up his Dao Crystals after each use.

Immediately, the Transcendent Spirit spoke again: 'As I expected, coming here without you practicing a Magic Power to act as your shield was stupid. You have no protection against his abilities. Lucky that he doesn't seem to have anything outright dangerous, or you would be dying here.

But one thing is sure now: since he has Sacred Talent like you and doesn't have any powers that seem to be offensive fundamentally, it means he most probably had a Life Dao Spark and now a Life Dao Soul.'

The transmission was immediate.

'Not that! Tell me why he knows I have something like a Transcend Mortality Orb.'

The women grew silent, and then a frightened voice mumbled in his soul. 'His Instant use magic powers seem to be affecting me too.'

Han Li looked at the silently squirming man curiously. He had just used his Talent 'Fantasy Inducement' to make him forget something important and make stupid decisions, but he didn't know if it worked.

'Yang Wei, no matter what, do not let this news go out. If it does, we are dead! Let it be, even if you have to lose a hand or eye to do it. You were too hasty. Let this be your reminder.'

Yang Wei knew when to be serious and calmed down.

"What negotiations and on what would we trust each other? For your knowledge, I know Power Borns who could go just as crazy as they would for me for your sword and the secret about Evolving at the age of 18 that has never happened before."

Han Li frowned. Yang Wei was no longer irrational.

"If you can cast 'Heart of Chaos,' you should also be able to cast the 'Binding of Hearts' that Transcendants can. Bind our Hearts of Cultivation together, and let's take a vow on it. We keep what we know to ourselves."

Yang Wei asked inside, 'Can you do it?'

'I can, but this is our opening, tell him you need to touch him to activate it.'

"I need to—" He spoke, but Han Li smirked.

"If you can cast it, it is cast from the heart, so there is no reason to come closer. Why don't you start?"

'His knowledge about Transcendants is nothing shallow,' the spirit warned.

'So, do I go through with the binding?' Yang Wei asked.

'Yes, that is the only choice at this point…' The spirit sounded calm. She had many ways to go through with this ending.

For now, this was okay.

"Let's do it," Yang Wei coldly spat.

Han Li looked at him and nodded.

But this time, he was prepared to check the Heart that made his mom's heart of cultivation chaotic—not with his soul sense or something, but with Life Vision.

His red eyes brightened as a binding aura slightly established with him and Yang Wei; it was ethereal and non-existent. He couldn't even feel it pass through him, but the caster themself allowed him to sense the unique power of Transcendents, and he immediately sensed it.

Along with his Life Vision roaming around.

Sadly, though, he didn't see anything.

Nothing.

But he wasn't worried.

He sensed the aura with his heart, like feeling the wind, and let it connect with his heart. He wasn't worried about a Transcendent Heart playing tricks on him, not to mention this washed-out version of it.

"You first, why don't you vow?"

'What do I need to do, Spirit?'

'Vow that you wouldn't speak the boy's secret to anyone else. Nothing more, nothing less. He will be ours to get once the time comes.'

"Vow that you would never get into the Starlight Zone, and you will never, in any way or form, reveal even my name to someone else."

Yang Wei laughed mockingly.

Han Li's cold glance stopped him.

'Tell him not to come to the Bone Clan's city for safety sake, just in case he could hide like us or something, and we will be in equal steps. But you have me, so we are at an advantage.'

If they vowed so, both of them couldn't attempt an ambush, and once one of them was stronger, both of their secrets would belong to one of them. It would be a matter of who grew strong enough first to claim the other's life absolutely.

Even though the home base would remain a forbidden zone.

According to their vow, they aren't allowed to seek help to kill each other either. Both were smart— Han Li and the Spirit woman—so neither could play any tricks.

Or so it seemed.

"You will vow not to come a hundred miles near the Bone City and to never divulge a word about me in any way."

Han Li nodded coldly.

It was okay.

Then they both spoke the vow aloud, and a lock was cast on their hearts, making the promise an unviolable one if they didn't want their hearts to explode.

Neither of them could speak about each other's secrets, nor could they go close to each other's headquarters.

Yang Wei didn't spend any more time there and glanced at Han Li for a final time before running away and melding into the darkness. Hiding into the buildings and vanishing from Han Li's gaze.

Han Li looked at him with a cold smile and spoke telepathically into Li Yao's mind: "Did you hear everything just now?"

Li Yao nodded from inside her room, her back covered with cold sweat.

"I am bound by chains, so I can't give you any guidance. You know what to do, right? Don't get your identity out, and get this information across to all three Power Borns of the city by tomorrow morning."

He didn't care about the Transcendent Orb or similar things the man had. For him, such a dangerous addition of someone knowing about himself this early was too big of a risk for something he would get one way or the other.

"Or never mind, Li Yao, we will keep it as an option, but maybe getting that treasure for myself is the best route."

Sigh…

He had almost forgotten that Yang Wei would be quite easy to kill off soon enough. The only trouble would be bringing him out of his home ground.

"Let's have a fair competition," Han Li smiled, and his sword shined slightly.

Of course, he had not used his sword's shining power earlier.

'Oh, Life Sword,' a crazy demonic smirk appeared on Han Li's face. His eyes seemed to drip with maliciousness. 'Show me your little trick.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97 - 97: The Boy of Bones
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Back in his room, the sword in Han Li's hands shone like a red pearl, as if it was burning with blood inside its ancient physical constraints.

Han Li sat there as a large amount of information streamed into his head.

Yang Wei.

He was a very normal kid of the Bone Clan.

A very, very normal kid—of the Bone Clan.

Bone Clan was only some weeks away from the Southern Lust City, situated under a gigantic gorge in a gloomy place called the Bone City—which was solely ruled by the said clan.

Having been born with the usual Life Dao Transformation Path Spark that all of the Bone Clan members had—The Bone Spark—he was treated like any other kid of the clan.

Which even made Han Li raise an eyebrow.

At the age of three, the pale-eyed youth was thrown into a dark room filled with the bones of his ancestors and required to get an appetite for them. And then, like all the other youths, the boy ate the bones daily to survive.

2 years he spent in the dark room. Only left out once every week to let his body be bathed by the sun so as not to let him lose health.

Or so the shadowy people had said, who the tender boy couldn't remember the face of.

After that, he was let out, alongside 30 other kids of the same batch as him. He, alongside the 29 others, was then told to walk through the 'path of hardship' by the age of 13, before they were to have their first Awakening.

A path laid by needles, one through hot oil, and the last one, a path that walked through a horde of centipedes.

Yang Wei walked past all of them in merely two more years.

He was a cold young man who didn't care for pain.

Only the first path took him time; most of the time, he fainted. But once he could endure it and all the last attempt's wounds were mended, he walked through the trials like a breeze and settled his name.

He was allowed to spend the rest of the years in normal training.

Yang Wei, named the beautiful hollow bone by the blurry-faced adults, was not allowed to eat the four foundational Resources to build a top-tier mortal body, and worked, wetting his bones, drinking his own coughed blood back—he trained.

Mostly, it was easy training. Just enduring the hot burns of the oil and so on.

He attained the perfect body for a mortal by age twelve, even though he had lost his ability to speak at this point and become a 'beautiful hollow bone' in all its meaning. He was hollow, the killing machine that the clan was slowly building up for a day to come.

At age 13, he was made to eat a weird-looking worm, and his Bone Spark Awakened for the first time. Like most of the Life Dao Sparks, it was just of Low Talent.

But eating the bones of the living was enough for him to improve his talent. He fed on the animals the family provided him—he ate their hot and raw bones as two men held the wolf or dog at bay.

It was the ability of all Life Dao Sparks, unlimited life potential. But for Yang Wei, it was a curse.

At age 15, he was a Sacred Talent of the Bone Clan. He was thrown into the city's brothel to learn resistance to seduction.

Twelve dead girls did the deed.

He no longer was prey for seduction either.

He also started to train in the path of spears. Spears made out of bones could jutt out from an Evolved Bone Clan Cultivator's body; it was to be taught early to stabilize their evolutions.

Their path ahead clear.

At age 18, he Awakened for the third time, and his vision expanded.

He became a Mortal Master at the way of Spears by age 21. His spear could react to anything and everything at his reaction speed, and he was like a feral beast as someone pushed him into the wolf den near the city—left there to train youths like him.

He ate 20 little wolves that day.

Age 25.

That was when he was called into a dark room inside the Bone Clan and given a dark piece of rotten flesh to eat. He didn't hesitate and ate it.

It was then that the Spirit of the clan's ancient ancestor, a woman with a voice bewitching enough to leave men moaning, entered his mind.

What was she?

He didn't know.

Why was she inside him?

He didn't know.

But the more days passed with her inside him, the more emotions that started to build up in his hollow shell. He ate many things from then on.

Especially, the Bone Clan's amount of new infants reduced day by day.

The Spirit taught him the way of cultivation and guided him from inside. He became more proficient by the day. HE ate the four magical resources meant to improve the body to complete that last minor itch.

Since only then could he be entirely sure his body didn't lack.

At age 29.

He Evolved. He had a sound mind now, one unmarred by the devouring hollow deep within him. He was a boy full of confidence.

And the Spirit inside him?

It could only grow silent by the day.

It was being assimilated into the boy instead of the boy assimilating into it as was planned at the start. Someday soon, the boy would eat it.

Like he had done many before.

The Spirit was desperate, so it asked the boy in one mind the moment the boy evolved: "If you do not assimilate me and help me revive, I will give you the Transcendence Orb that I absorbed at my time. Nobody can take it out from others, but mine is different. I am not a human like you or the other Transcendents, I am of a different race. I am a Spirit Being. I will give my Orb to you!"

That, along with the mirrors the women had left behind all over the world before her death, alongside the rightful ownership to the masterless Bone clan that was 100% loyal to the spirit, was enough to convince him.

There, they became a team.

And on the same day…

Han Li's red eyes shone with a profound glint as the information about the mirror and his other facts that led them to believe his weirdness was shown to him alongside the legendary beginnings of the Bone King Life Stealer Yang Wei.

"So that little mirror was the reason…" he murmured.

The anxious mother-in-law, sleeping Yue Li, and the rather tense Liyue who was looking at him with worry. All of them were wondering about the earlier drama.

Han Li looked at them as the final bit of information about the so-called Spirit and Yang Wei flashed in his mind.

'No wonder he was trying to touch me…' Han Li's smile grew casual.

An unknown enemy and an enemy he knew everything about was different.

His heart calmed down as all of Yang Wei's little weaknesses flittered through his head. It's like how he liked fighting without a spear taken out unless he was pushed to the limit.

Like how it was just a bluff that he could escape a Power Born.

But the information he gleaned was still from a third-person perspective instead of delving into the boy's thoughts and it was rather fragmented and only showed the important moments that changed his life's path.

So, he couldn't tell all of the information about him. But for someone as experienced as Han Li, and the frequent mumbles he heard in the records. Of the boy muttering Spirit that and this, it was enough for him to deduce.

But unfortunately, he couldn't tell what kind of Magic Power he was training.

Unlike Ethereals, Transformation Path cultivators could only have one Magic Power throughout their lives. And that Magic Power could only evolve with the cultivator growing to higher Stages but it could never change.

If Yang Wei chose one Life Dao Magic Power at the Evolution Stage, that would be the power he would have all throughout his life.

'Now that I think about it, Yang Wei's Magic Power was never revealed last time. I wonder what it is… moreover…' Han Li began to grow serious.

The trials and tribulations the boy had gone through might have been impressive for a youth, even more than he had endured at that age in any of his lives, but for the current Han Li, those were child's play.

But one thing made him worried.

What was this… Spirit?

He had never heard of anything like that, ever.

And what is the Bone Clan creating such an army for when it was obvious that the world was currently in a peaceful era? And if it was for something later on, why hadn't he heard anything significant about them in the future?

They wouldn't be making an army with this level of rigidness to gain one or two decent evolved, right?

What was this mysterious Spirit's actual goal?

'Oh, Yang Wei,' Han Li smirked as the red light in the Life Sword vanished. He could feel Yang Wei was nothing normal.

But he smirked. He was quite an interesting boy to test his own talents against.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98 - 98: 10%
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night's shadows grew deeper still.

Moon, in its gentle light, shone on the lands a beautiful glow. Amidst the silence, cicadas chirped.

Han Li and Li Yao were outside their home, seated on a boulder while sharing a jug of alcohol; their faces reddened by the drink.

"Fuu…" Han Li breathed out a puff of smoke. "This is really something."

Li Yao smiled. "This should've been given to you earlier, though."

Han Li shook his head and drank another hot mouthful of the drink. It felt as if his throat was searing as it went down.

"Mom never made one for me," he said as he felt his chest warm and his body heat up.

"Really?" Li Yao shook her head. "Your mother is quite the airhead, but even for her, isn't that a bit too much?"

Han Li pondered.

In Sacred Lust, once a baby is born, people would store a jar of wine in the baby's name away and wait for the day the baby's age for marriage to arrive. It was a usual thing; almost every parent would store a jar.

One for the marriage and the other for the first birth of the new couple's child. The final one for the first Awakening of the child.

It was a tradition of sorts.

Li Yao, for a woman who loved alcohol, had kept four jars of strong alcoholic wine for Liyao's. The current one Han Li was drinking was one of them, which he had just uncorked.

It had been sealed for 18 years and was quite the fermented delicacy.

"It's not her fault…" Han Li sighed, his mellow red eyes shining with serenity.

It had been an hour since the 'Yang Wei surprise attack incident', and his sleep was quite clearly ruined. He was stuck with explaining a lot to Liyue and Li Yao, too, even though explaining that he couldn't speak much because of the binding was enough in the end.

Yue Li was sleeping all throughout the ordeal, and Han Li was quite worried about her but didn't wake her up in the end.

Heart of Chaos.

That technique could really mess up people's Heart of Cultivation.

He hoped she would be back to normal once she woke up.

Then, it was Li Yao who suggested they have a drink of alcohol that she had kept hidden for a long time. Han Li nodded, of course.

And thus, he was now here, drinking the spicy alcohol.

Liyue was, of course, beside his mom just in case she woke up startled or something. The presence of someone familiar could help in that situation. But it was nothing that serious.

"You really are forgiving in all her antics," Li Yao smiled. "I envy her slightly."

Han Li shook his head. "You misunderstand something, Li Yao—"

"Mother-in-law," she said.

"You misunderstand something, Mother-in-law. She just had no idea such a thing existed, and neither did I care enough to ask her." Han Li laid on his back on the huge boulder, and Li Yao sat by the side.

Li Yao nodded. It was not really like a must-do tradition anyway.

In silence, they just calmly enjoyed the night.

No lust, nothing.

Just thoughtful silence, alcohol, and the gradually warming winds of the 6th month as their companions.

Now that she thought of it, Li Yao once again thought of the earlier occurrence and gulped.

"To think people can really have enemies and such, unbelievable," Li Yao said, taking the jug from Han Li's hands and carefully taking a sip before blissfully sighing: "I really don't want to use this up…"

Han Li smirked. "There are three more there. Why won't you just use them too?"

Li Yao rolled her eyes. "That would ruin the meaning of this alcohol. Even this one tastes unique because it serves a purpose. I put it away to drink with my son-in-law, and it is indeed doing the work. Be thankful you got any. If you want more, why don't you just go through with the marriage already?"

Han Li snickered. "I don't think you would've given even this to me if today's incident didn't happen, would you?"

"Questionable, really." Li Yao chuckled. "This 4th Jar was just for my own little satisfaction. In truth, you can't blame me, can you?"

Han Li looked at her flushed face and could see she was reluctant to give away the liquor. "Alcoholic women do look enticing, I have to say that."

She looked at him with a side-eye.

Shaking his head and analyzing everything about the enemy for the last time, Han Li looked at his hands using Life Vision.

He had a lingering doubt.

Something he had dismissed till now because of the lack of use the thing had till now.

_

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Lifespan: 300 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 121]

[Talent: Sacred]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Top Tier Mortal Physique]

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 1.01% complete]

[Magic Powers]

[None]

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

_

As he expected, there was no information about his Heart of Cultivation in his whole [Life information].

It had already been over a month since he Evolved, and his Lust Dao Crystals had grown to 121 in the meantime. He hadn't added any extra Talents either.

But as his mind roamed through the info, he understood how the thing lacked anything about his Heart of Cultivation.

Even though a true Heart of Cultivation is not born until the Transcendance Stage, he was supposed to have it there.

He was once a Transcendent, after all.

Even though the uses would be extremely minimal, in theory, he should have the unique power of the Heart, 'Heart Qi.'

But he didn't.

'Now that I think about it…' Han Li suddenly closed his eyes, and his mind delved deep into itself.

In the depth of his insides, where the empty space was, he could feel his Dao Soul resting calmly inside, a red shine still there in its humanoid visage.

When people reach the Transcendence Stage, the difference between Ethereal and Transformation vanishes. Even though there would still be some inherent limitations, it mostly changes.

That was a Stage where people walked past the mortal boundaries.

And at that point, inside the Dao Soul—which would become a Minor 'Great' Dao Soul once a cultivator Transcend—there would be organs like his current Dao Soul had skin.

It didn't have the skin-like material in it before he started transforming his skin. He knew that if he Transformed his organs, he would gain organs in his Dao Soul, too, including the Heart.

This was the uniqueness of [Demon Transformation]. It didn't care about Transformation and Ethereals.

'So if I cultivate all my organs, maybe I might be able to use the Heart Qi like Yang Wei—or the Spirit—is using. Maybe mine might even be a bit better than its.'

He shook his head. 'That thing is weird, I should be cautious.'

He then smiled as he looked at the hundred and some more shining stars in his Empty Space.

They closed in on the Dao Soul and started to meld into it one by one. It accepted them as they came, and as the crystals fused into it one by one, the skin that was once a paper from the [Demonic Lust Sutra] became more and more physical and solid in the ethereal frame of the Dao Soul.

He opened his eyes as his skin emitted a faint hiss and warmed up. At the same time, his red eyes shone with a calm glint. Power coursed through his body like blood.

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 11.01% complete]

Han Li smiled.

He could feel a sense of security wash through his as his soft and humane skin became more solid, more firm. Like leather, but more rigid and much more flexible.

'Even though it is far from the level Yang Wei's skin was when he became that bone form.'

But still, it was better than earlier.

He should test it when he gets the chance.

But his skin felt slightly itchy and made it harder to focus for now.

He shook his head and snatched the alcohol from the dazed, red-faced Li Yao, who was already way down in her alcoholic trance.

Taking a sip, he sighed and carried Li Yao on his back. With a calm heart, he pushed everything about Yang Wei to the back of his head and walked into his room.

He was surprised to find his mom and Liyue sleeping soundly like dolls, hugging and covered in thick blankets to help the cold.

With a smile, he laid Li Yao, who was still conscious, in the bed and squeezed in beside his Mom. Bringing the gentle woman's tired body atop his chest, he protected her in his embrace as he looked at Liyue and Li Yao, who both looked at him with blurry gazes.

One sleepy and the other alcoholic.

"Go to sleep," he muttered, and without waking up the baby-like Yue Li atop his chest, they all went to sleep.

Since his mom asked him not to do anything lustful for the night when she fell asleep, he didn't play anything of that sort.

She was even clothed well now.

His hands just gently and protectively hugged her.

Soon, only gentle breaths mingled as the family of four slept, their hearts calm.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99 - 99: Absolute
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The majestic sun peaked from the canopies, and the misty lands brightened up. The verdant canopies of leaves trickled down gentle drops of water while some birds flew off their nests in search of some morning prey.

Southern Lust City was as calm as any other day. In the city's heart, the vendors got busy setting up their stalls early in the morning, while in the Starlight Zone, a similar thing happened.

The children were still asleep in their homes under their thick blankets and certainly were not yet playing tag like usual. It was way in the morning. It was five o'clock!

The lazy bums of the city and the young men who were looked down on and called lazy bums for being unable to find a good job were the same, sleeping comfortably in their beds while deep in the embrace of their comfy blankets.

Han Li, one of the Lazy Bums of the city for the past few days, almost more than a month—as spoken by the aunties in the area—yawned as his eyes blinked open. His mother's supple body was lying atop him still, drooling on his chest while deep in her sleep.

And on his left was Liyue, who was hugging his head tightly. On the other hand, on his right was Li Yao's foot. It didn't stink, luckily.

'She really can't sleep without tossing and turning at least ten times every minute…' Han Li's sleepy eyes twitched.

She was about to fall off of the bed, to boot.

The bed was quite small for all four of them, but it wouldn't have mattered if she didn't toss around much.

He blinked, and his blurry mind cleared up and escaped its sleepiness. Growing thoughtful about whether or not to wake them up for training today, he shook his head inside and, with one of his free hands that did not have anything on it, unlike the other—which Liyue was using as her pillow—pulled Li Yao back into the bed.

She comfortably tossed around and soon snatched more of the others' blankets.

Han Li sighed with a smile. 'You didn't move till now, and you move so much even in sleep now. It really must have been quite uncomfortable being unable to move.'

She kicked his jaws slightly.

His eyes twitched again, and he pushed her legs aside and took a deep breath of the cold air permeating the room. His whole body trembled as he woke up entirely.

Then, without waking any of the three women, he gently moved out of their embrace and sighed as he saw the tight hold over his clothes that both Liyue and Yue Li had. It was his first time ever sleeping on one bed with Liyue, so he was pretty surprised.

Gently taking their hands, he did a little trick on them, and their hands loosened.

It was his Magic Power—now Talent—that hadn't been used so far since its birth.

[Lack of Lust: The ability to reduce other people's desires over things.]

He had made this power into a Talent so that he could make other people have no Lust or other covetous emotion over his women; he could use this power on such arrogant people to avoid a probable conflict.

He knew beautiful women could be deadly, and since he had decided to accept such a deep burden like Love, it was only natural he prepared enough for it.

'To think I would use this power like this now…' He smiled and stretched his body as small cracks echoed out. His whole body felt refreshed and enthusiastic for training.

Since yesterday was quite a special day, he didn't mind if the three didn't train today, but he was not them, and thus, he couldn't slack.

He briefly looked at his hands with Life Vision.

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 11.01% complete]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 21]

Since he used up 100 crystals yesterday, his first transformation, 'Skin', had progressed, and it should be much more harder to kill him now than before. Even though it would still pale in comparison to the Skin of a Transformation Path Cultivator.

'30% completed Skin should be as tough as an Averagely Talented Transformation Cultivator. 60% completed, and my Skin should get as tough as a Highly Talented Transformation Cultivator. And if I cultivate it to 100%, my skin should be as good as Yang Wei's with his Sacred Talent.'

Smiling, he walked over to the kitchen and took a knife.

He placed it over his palm and tried to cut his hand. It was hard even to move half of a half of an inch in as if he was attempting to cut a taut rubbed with the solidity of something beyond rubber.

But he closed his eyes and wondered slightly.

If he moved the knife good enough, to the level an Evolved Master of Knives could…

He changed the pressure on the knife ever so slightly, raising it and moving for a cut…

A red line of blood appeared on his palm.

'It is at most the level of High-level Proficiency that I just used, and in quite the bad way too.'

That meant he could be hurt by even Average Proficiency Evolved using normal weapons as long as they used their strength on it well. Of course, they also had to have a physical strength similar to him for this to be the case.

'But weapons are rarely part of a Cultivator's base strength. It is always their Magic Powers or Body that comes first.'

If he could cultivate his skin to be tougher, it would be impossible for the average Joe to hurt him from then on. Stretching, he smiled and went to the bathroom to finish some normal routine.

Brushing his teeth and such.

…

Han Li spent the next two hours deep in training.

His body was already used to its strength, and his Proficiency had no way of rising higher at all at this point.

He was a Transcendent being playing with simple weapons, chopstick-like things, so there was nothing for him to learn from it much to improve his Proficiency.

As he was finally feeling some sweat appear after two hours, he sighed and looked at his hands with Life Vision.

His Proficiency was higher than his Cultivation Stage.

He had just thought of this while completing the 1200th push-up today.

Even though his Proficiency in Swords was: Sword (Transcendence — High Proficiency), he obviously couldn't use the sword that perfectly at the Evolution Stage.

If he had to use that level of the Sword, that level of senses and that level of body was an absolute must. Only Transcendant could have Transcendant Proficiency in the first place, so his situation itself was quite messed up.

He was in the backyard of Liyue's home, and as his mind called, a black sword flew over from inside while evading the walls like a dirty little mouse. It was fast and precise as it soon flew into his hands.

Han Li held it firmly and started to do some basic moves.

One side arc.

Thrust.

Slice.

Chop.

Swift shifts.

The air seemed to have been slightly parted as whooshing, ice-cutting-like sounds echoed.

'It is better than Evolved Mastery at Sword, but not even nearly as good as Power Born Average Mastery,'

He contemplated.

Having fought Yang Wei—almost fought—Han Li had also gotten much more serious in his immediate battle strength.

Till now, he hadn't cared much about it since that wouldn't have had much use, since his first conflict—if it all went as planned—would be months from now in a place far from here. But Yang Wei's existence was like a drop of ink poured into white rice.

It ruined the simplicity of his plans.

So he had to care about his immediate battle strength, too.

'My Proficiency is like a barrier in between the two Major Stages of cultivation…' Han Li blinked. That gave him much inspiration about the world as a whole and also made him quite contemplative.

'I shall name this level of proficiency as Absolute Proficiency,' he chuckled as the sword cut the air again.

His heart was beating a bit more vigorously today.

No matter what, he was also a cultivator deep down.

He was proud of his achievements.

Han Li looked at his hand with Life Vision for one last time and was a bit startled, but also having expected this, took a deep breath.

[Absolute Evolved Proficient in more than a hundred different tools, ranging from sword, knife, spear, blade, kunai, and more.]

That was his Proficiency now.

It had always been the same previously but now that he changed it to have a better understanding of himself in his mind, the way Life Vision showed it to him also changed. That meant the information Life Vision gave was clearly based on his own thoughts and understanding.

'This power of my eyes is far too profound for the current me…'

His ears suddenly twitched as he heard some bed rustling sounds.

'Liyue woke up,' he thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100 - 100: Sweet Candy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The first to wake up was Liyue, her mind hazy from the sleep.

There was also a sore feeling all over her body. It felt rather rigid.

Gradually, her gaze cleared up, and she looked before her, expecting Li Yao's presence. Instead, Yue Li first came to her senses, sleeping between her and her mother.

'Ah, it's true, I slept with Mother Yue since Mom and Brother Han went to drink…' A yawn escaped her mouth, but it suddenly closed as she realized something.

'I didn't wake up in time to train…'

Through the window's curtains, she could see trickles of light passing into the room. It wasn't supposed to be like this at the time they trained.

She walked out of the bed while rubbing her eyes. 'Is my body so sore and rigid cause I didn't train?'

There was even some pain all over her physique. Her shoulders felt loose, her back felt weighed over, her legs tired, and her mind a bit frustrated at missing her training streak.

Just as she was about to check the backyard for Han Li, he came through the backdoor, his body sweating slightly and the black sword flying behind him. He was naked above the waist, and his well-cut body was great eye candy.

Liyue looked at him rather dazedly, and before she knew it, he was near her.

"You woke up early, Liyue," he teased.

"You could've just woken me up, Big Brother…" she said, rubbing her cold hands together.

Han Li looked at her sleepy face, messy hair, roughed-up white robes, and frustrated expression with a smile. Ruffling her hair, he said, "I think today's rest was a good choice. Go wash up, and I'll get the breakfast ready."

Liyue was still pretty dazed but felt sweet at his caring look. She nodded.

He had never cooked for them.

She had always wanted to taste what his so-called famous-all-throughout-Starlight Zone-cooking was. She wanted to know how it compared to Yue Li's cooking.

Honestly, Yue Li's cooking was balanced, with spiciness as a unique selling point, which she used in almost all of her products—Liyue wanted to eat something sweet today.

"Big Brother Han, ca..can you cook something sweet?" Heart skipped a beat as the words came out of her mouth involuntarily.

Han Li smiled and ruffled her hair a bit more. "That's the plan."

She nodded and walked towards the bathroom, a sweet sensation all over her body the first thing in the morning.

…

Han Li got himself busy in the kitchen. Washing the wares was the first thing to do.

In Starlight Zone, there was nothing fancy like the ones in his mom's stories, but instead of tap water, and instead, bamboo pipes were laid out to create a network that allowed water to flow from higher elevations to lower ones, ensuring a steady supply of water for irrigation and other purposes.

And the water source, of course, came from the houses spread throughout the Zone. Since these houses were built using a great treasure like the House Builder Seed, they had some passive powers that were very useful.

(House Builder Seed was the treasure Yue Li traded using her Talent at the start, and it made houses pop up in the whole zone, see chapter 19 for the full details.)

The houses could accumulate the water content in the atmosphere, turn it into water, and collect it in the root of the central part of the whole thing. The clan had some people pull the water into a huge bamboo storage container at a high elevation.

So, people in Starlight Zone had similar but less comfortable ways of getting water.

As the wares were cleaned, a fire was blazed using two stones that seemed to be shining silvery. Then, Han Li put the pots and such into the fire and began his cooking.

No matter what, he had Absolute Evolved Proficiency with the knife, so was his attention to detail absolutely monstrous.

The corn syrups he had bought from faraway merchants, sugar, flavoring, and finally, some little fruits to add to the color; of course, taste too. All of them mixed to form a mouth-watering smell that permeated the surroundings, while with a chuckle, Han Li started to make some tea on the side.

The mixture of things heated up and began to turn a sweet red color. Han Li's eyes brightened up, and he added some unique honey.

The honey in itself looked normal, but this was no normal one. It was the fruit of him rarely visiting the Trade Area in the city's heart; it was a Magical Resource.

It was the expensive sort.

Water Type Resource—Sea Serpent Honey.

The thing mixed into the red mix, and Han Li sighed as the whole bottle emptied itself. A smell as enticing as the sweetest things but not the sort that made people cringe emanated and spread throughout his home, and then it spread into the outside, too, making some people passing by salivate.

An old man was outside his home, some distance away, in another house's yard.

"Damn, my boy Han Li is cooking!" he said, wiping away some saliva at the side of his mouth as another old man snickered some distance away from him.

"Yeah, I know that guy's way with food. Almost all of his makings smell sweet."

"But I heard he stopped making those makings?" the first old man asked.

"Yeah, some say he inherited Pang Li's inheritance after marrying his daughter. They say he no longer needs money since Pang Li hid a fortune."

"Lucky brat, what about that fatty?"

"He moved away, I heard, signing the papers to his store in the boy's name before going away. It was done in a hurry, and the gatekeeper Evolved was pissed I heard."

"…What about that beautiful woman, Li Yao?"

The second old man squinted his eyes. "I heard… she is still here. Some people even say they saw her walk out of her room at some point."

"How is that possible?!" the first old man's eyes widened.

The other old man shook his head, "There is a rumor going on now, but no one is sure. There is one even wilder one, too, about how the boy healed her; if it was true, though, we should have seen her walking out. But that never happened."

The smell made their noses twitch, to the point that they didn't mind being shameless and going in for a 'friendly visit.' But sadly for them, at some point, Han Li's house had become the scrutiny of the neighborhood for the past few days, and they were people who loved their loneliness.

Back inside his residence, Han Li used a chopstick to take the hot, glass-like, colorless mixture and let it cool down for a second. Then, with a smile, put the stick vertically on a holder by the side.

By this point, his mother and mother-in-law were watching him dazedly from the side while Liyue was beside them, only wearing a towel to hide her naked body as the wet and soaked long black hair dripped water into the surroundings.

Soon, they were left gawking as a candy appeared in front of them. Something that looked like a small fruit stuck on a stick, but its enticing aura and smell far more deadly.

"For those who have brushed, I present," Han Li laughed as he showed them one of the candies, "Han Li special, Heavenly Lollipop."

Yue Li was the first to walk towards him with bright eyes. "Give me!" she said.

Han Li chuckled. "For those who have already brushed, I said."

"One bite, and I go brush!" Yue Li demanded, swallowing.

'Thankfully, nothing is wrong with her Heart,' he thought.

"You go brush, and you get that one bite plus more." Han Li closed the lid of the bottle that stored the rest of the candies using quite a lot of his strength, bending the iron as the lid tightly shut. He then smiled and walked towards Liyue, who was just here after her bath.

Li Yao was beside her, looking at the candy in Han Li's hand with desire. "Damn Yue Li, your son is much better than you," she muttered.

Yue Li looked at the sweet-looking candy and said with agitation, "He is better because of the honey thing he brought in the other day. Humph, I am and will be the best of this household in cooking."

Han Li smirked. "I am not so sure about that if I tried."

Pouting, Yue Li moved towards the bottle of sweets one step at a time and covertly attempted to open it, but it didn't budge. She tried harder, and she could still not open it.

'Xiao Li is too strong, Argh!' she tried even harder but to no avail.

"Come dear, let's eat your Big Brother's sweet candy," Han Li raised Liyue's chin and said to her with a loving gaze.

Liyue blushed slightly and nodded, biting her lips.

'Cute,' Han Li took her hands, and they walked away.

Han Li's voice echoed: "If you want it, go brush and come to me with the bottle, wash too. Both of you stink! Don't act so rushed. The more time you wait, the tastier it will get since it is still being cooked in the bottle."

…

"Is that true, Big Brother?" Liyue asked as they reached her room and started to search for a proper dress.

"Not true, it's already cooked. No taste is going to increase." He hugged her body from the back and planted a kiss on her cheeks.

Red coated her cheeks. She was practically naked, with only a towel covering her.

"Liyue, you look more beautiful the more days pass."

She smiled. "Thank you…"

"I am the one who should thank you. I am the one benefiting after all."

They stood like that for a while before he moved away and looked at her in anticipation.

She cleared her throat and removed the towel. Finally, Han Li looked at her naked figure and couldn't help but glance at her with a stunned gaze.

He had seen many women naked.

He had enjoyed many different tastes.

But none had ever had a body as perfect as Liyue.

None had ever been so… beautiful.

She was different from Yue Li in that she looked more like a goddess, while Yue Li looked more like the perfect human.

Han Li's heart skipped a beat, and his nose grew slightly hot.

"Wow, Liyue," He stared, speechless as to how he should describe her.

She simply blushed fiercely and quickly got dressed.

Looking at her stunned fiance, she smiled. "My candy, please?"

Han Li could only look at the woman with a blank gaze. He had never known someone could hide that level of perfection under a cloth.

"Can I get a kiss in return?" he asked with disbelief still written across his face.

Liyue smiled and rose on her toes to plant a kiss on his forehead.

"Enough?"

"Of course not." He planted one on her lips.

Liyue smiled as she rested her hands on his chest and took a deep breath. "I am so nervous, but my body feels so warm and fuzzy too now for some reason."

Her hands were slightly trembling.

"Should we have kids now?" Han Li asked, filled with dirty desires.

Liyue chuckled at the joke. "Candy?"

He presented her with the transparent sweet, but smilingly chanted to cast a small Magic Power to make it look red in color.

She took it from his hands gracefully and tasted it.

She was stunned and on her foot as, before she knew it, the candy vanished. She couldn't even start to describe the taste.

"Wow, that… what is this big brother?!" she exclaimed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101 - 101: Prove
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

She was stunned on her foot as, before she knew it, the candy vanished. She couldn't even begin to describe its taste.

"Wow, that… what is this big brother?!" she exclaimed.

Han Li smirked with a mischievous glint in his eyes. "This is a new thing I just made using a Water Type Resource—Sea Serpent Honey. It is rather potent; can't you sense your body growing warm all over?"

"So that wasn't just me?" Liyue wondered aloud as she felt all parts of her physique grow comfortably warm. It was so soothing; she felt sleepy.

But she was, of course, still in his embrace.

Han Li smiled at her question and looked at her body, which was visibly relaxing. He pointed it out, "The Sea Serpent Honey is a powerful resource even for people at Evolution Stage; it can wash away the hidden fatigue in the body like a serpent shedding away its skin.

But there was a recipe in my hand that could help me get more of this honey, so we now have a lot of these candies hidden in that bottle, and all of them are, in a sense, able to remove the stacking fatigue after training. It also has minor healing factors to it, too."

This recipe of using simple fruits and such to make a liquid and adding the unique honey into it later to get more honey was of course a method from the Demonic Lust Sutra.

Liyue looked at him with a studious face and nodded. "I will remember about this treasure, Big Brother."

She could feel the tension, soreness, and rigidity being sliced away from her body. Often, it was not that people were lazy. The accumulated tension and soreness becomes like a barrier to the path of self-improvement.

Sighing inside at the magical and wonderful feeling, she looked at Han Li with a blush. "By the way… Bi..Big brother, what do you think?"

Han Li smiled at the blush and caressed her cheeks. "What do I think about what?"

She looked at him for a second before saying with a small voice, her heart beating heavily, "About my… body."

Her face grew hot in his hand. He gulped slightly. Thinking about her body, he could still feel the obvious amazement in his heart.

It was too…

"Oi Xiao Li, your mother has brushed!" shouted Yue Li as she stormed into the room with a silly smile and a metal bottle filled with the Candies in her hand.

Li Yao walked in exasperatedly alongside her.

Han Li turned to look at Yue Li and felt a pang in his heart for some reason.

He loosened his embrace over Liyue's waist and let her stand to the side. Sighing, he took the bottle and removed the lid.

Yue Li smiled and took one of them. Han Li looked at his mom as she gently took it into her mouth and silently ate it.

She was stunned, exactly like Liyue too.

The candy tasted like honey but somehow spicy, hot, and cool all at the same time. And as it digested into her body, it warmed up, and a small weight seemed to have vanished from her back.

"Quite good, but not to the level I expected…" Yue Li said, licking her lips.

Han Li looked at her with a sigh and cleaned away a bit of melted honey from the side of her lips. "It tastes better the more hidden fatigue you have in your body, and sadly, you don't have much fatigue since I always massage you. Of course, it would have still made you lighter."

Yue Li blinked. "So that thing helps heal?"

"Not heal. It removes fatigue and tension."

"…The same thing," Yue Li chuckled and put her hand into the bottle once more. There were more than 30 of the candies, and Han Li could only stare as Yue Li ate two more.

"This is for you to eat when Fatigue accumulates, you know that?" he asked with twitching eyes.

"You massaged me without telling me… this candy shall be the price you pay!" She took one more, but Han Li snatched it away and gave it to the silent Li Yao on the side.

Who looked at the transparent orb attached to a stick with amusement.

"Don't waste our resources, Mom. And it could be quite bad for your physique if you ate too much of one resource when it serves no purpose after the fatigue is gone."

Yue Li pouted but, with a sigh, let it go. "Any training today?" she asked.

"You want to train?"

"…Honestly, I don't want to today."

"What about simple…"

"Yes, not that…"

Liyue and Li Yao just gazed at the mother-son duo as they kept speaking about nothing or obvious stuff without a pause.

Finally, it was Han Li who asked with a serious face. "Mom, should we go on a date?"

No matter what, he had to do some in-depth checks on her mind to see if the 'Heart of Chaos' left behind some ominous seeds in her. Unlikely as it was. And he had to know if she still meant all that she talked about as she fell asleep after having her heart turn chaotic.

A silence ensued as the other two women wondered what that Date stuff was.

Yue Li also fell silent for a while before she said with a sigh, "Only if I get one more candy will I say yes."

Han Li nodded. "Not today, though, since it will not be good for you."

"Okay, where are we going?" Yue Li looked at his face.

"Let's visit our good ol' place."

She smiled like a blooming flower, and Han Li's heart grew unbelievably calm.

"Li Yao, you can eat only one of the candy and no more," he said as he took his mom's gentle and cold hand. "Since you don't have a Spark, it will be bad for you, but one will make you more energetic for a day."

Li Yao nodded and started to lick the candy slowly and savored its unique taste.

While nodding to Liyue, Han Li said finally, "Liyue, rest well for a while, and Li Yao, cook some breakfast. We'll be back in a bit."

Li Yao and Liyue looked at Yue Li and could tell this was important. They had seen her asleep when the enemy visited, and Liyue was even made to guard her while Han Li and Li Yao drank—it made them worried for Yue Li.

"Yeah, Yeah, brat, get lost and have fun with your mother elsewhere…"

Han Li smiled at the intonation of her words and, with a shake of his head, walked away with his mom's hand in his.

…

The bright shine of the sun as early as the seventh hour of the morning was soothing and comfortable. Warm winds passed by with more stories to carry away.

Some children ran or played hide and seek around the zone while parents were busy with their own morning routine.

Atop an old house's rooftop laid two people—a woman gentle like water and a calm-looking young man. The young man had black hair, red eyes, and a calm gait, while the woman had similarly shaded hair, but much longer than the former's, and also dark eyes instead of his red ones. She looked like the epitome of gentleness and love.

She comfortably snuggled on his chest from the side while he looked sideways at her face.

Time passed in silence for a while before she asked, "Are you… angry Xiao Li?"

Han Li shook his head. "Why would I be?"

"I thought you would surely be though…" she paused but continued: "I spoke some selfish things yesterday after all…"

"Selfish things? Like?" he asked. Here, with his mom beside him, he felt rather calm even though he was, in a sense, slacking.

"…I told you I regretted letting you marry Liyue and such… uhm, yeah, Xiao Li, I woke up with a nightmare today."

Han Li silently listened as she spoke about how she had seen a nightmare. A nightmare in which he abandoned her and went away with many women of his Harem.

He supposedly even looked back at her with… cold eyes?

Han Li's hand trembled slightly as he caressed her hair. "You don't know, Mom, but someone visited us just before you fell asleep; an enemy…"

He then spoke about 'Heart of Chaos' and its effects on her.

"That confused your Heart, Mom, and unfortunately, you have gone from having a solid heart striving to grow to the past you who had worries of me leaving her after I am done or something." He calmly breathed out and then cursed, "Damnit!"

Yue Li looked at him with worry. "Is that bad?"

"That is bad. It means your heart is fuzzy now, and you need to make clear of it as soon as possible. No wonder you lost the usual interest in training. Damnit!"

"What is it Xiao Li?" she gulped.

"It means you are losing the heart for progress and would become lazier by the day if it isn't fixed…" he grew calmer and kissed her forehead strongly. "Mom, can't you somehow come back to the logical conclusion that there is no way for me to abandon you? If you understand that, your heart should be back to normal."

"…" she looked at him with a tired face. "One day, I will grow old, and my face will lose its current beauty. With you being an Evolved and having 300 years lifespan, it is normal you can find people much better than an old woman."

Han Li chuckled with zero amusement. "Don't be dumb, Mom. You are my MOM and not some other woman, and… can't you see that I fucking love you too much to abandon you?"

It was so hard to convince people when their hearts were confused.

Yue Li rested her head on his chest and planted a kiss on it.

"Prove it to me," she whispered.

Han Li looked at her black eyes and took a deep breath. "What do you want me to do?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102 - 102: The little creature that flew high
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li looked at her black eyes and took a deep breath. "What do you want me to do?" he asked.

A cloud that hid the sun's rays from their faces moved away, and its blinding light hit them on their faces, making them squint.

"What do I want you to do…" Yue Li pondered aloud and then shook her head, "Why should I be the one to decide that? Are you not the smarter one?"

Han Li looked at her with a sigh. Her black gaze looked the same as yesterday while her looks appeared as refreshing as ever, but on her, he could feel a bit of hopelessness. Of a lack of meaning.

She looked almost like the ones who lost their way—The Lost, the cultivators who couldn't handle the recurring dreams after each breakthrough and chose suicide instead.

He felt his heart clench, and his anger almost soared—had he been the young and idiotic man he once was, he would have already wanted revenge, but he was not that naive, nor was he so optimistic.

'This is quite irritating, though,' he thought.

"Mom, what do you actually want me to do though? Yell out loud that I care for you beyond anything or marry you?" he gently questioned.

"I don't know Xiao Li, that's what I am telling you… do something," she replied while sniffing his clothes. They smelled so much like her.

But beyond that, she could feel his heart pump.

It seemed… anxious?

"I know how to do it," he sighed. "We'll link our hearts."

"Link… our hearts?" Yue Li's heart rate quickened.

"I told you earlier about how I am bound and couldn't speak much about the enemy that came the other day, right?"

"Yes. Xiao Li."

"That binding was made using something that only the Transcendant Cultivators have. Using Heart Qi… We can just bind our hearts together in a way, and it would change your fears forever and might even…" he paused, "Honestly, Mom, it might even actually complete my own Heart of Cultivation."

Yue Li looked at him with bright eyes. "I am having trouble understanding everything, but it means that you will bind your heart with mine, and you can never go away after that, right?"

"Yes, in a sense. But more than that, it will also fix your confusion and fears without any doubts."

Suddenly, Yue Li's eyes darkened, and she shook her head. "That is such an enticing deal. I almost want to lunge at it. But for one, we don't have any Transcendent person to help us. Moreover, I don't like it. It almost feels like I am forcing you to be with me when you don't like me… and I want you to like me naturally."

"That's dumb. You do know I love you, right?" he asked, feeling really pissed and rather confused himself—maybe, women were as hard to understand as the wise sages of the past said. His mom was also a woman in the end, even though she seemed different from everyone.

She pondered for a while and said with a sigh, "You don't have to worry. I feel like my motivation will be back whenever I feel like I want to train. I am just rather unmotivated today. This Heart of Cultivation becoming confused can't be that hard to get rid of if I want to train."

Han Li thought for a while and spoke, this time, for the first time in this life, about cultivation: "Mom, there is a legend that speaks about Motivation, Heart of Cultivation is something vague and not very understandable till you have one solid heart like the Transcendents, but this heart decides what kind of emotions we have as mortals…."

…

Once upon a time, long lost in the pages of history was an ancient tree.

It existed in the desolate world where no wind, earth, water, or fire had yet come to.

In nothingness, it existed as the sole something.

It looked vast, way bigger than anything a man could ever hope to see.

When the first signs of life started to appear in the world; the emptiness was filled with land, water, fire, and wind. The tree witnessed and withstood all of that chaos and stood watch over the then, birthing world calmly.

It wouldn't budge when the oceans at one part slammed into its humongous branches like puddles slamming into a wall when disturbed. It wouldn't flinch when a part of the new forest on one side burned atop its roots. Its leaves, big enough to let giants take cover under it, were seen throughout the world.

In this ancient world covered by the Tree so colossal—a creature walked.

Not many knew how it looked, but the stories say the creature? Beast? Whatever it was, the stories said it had a pair of abyss-like crimson eyes and supposedly a face worthy of mortal nightmares that could steal lives.

It was a creature of horrors.

Maybe the word suited for it was neither beast nor a creature; that was too disrespectful of its divine Sacredness—it was a Demon.

One of the original life of the new world.

It stood mightily under the shade of the Ancient tree, looking up with wonder in its eyes. Below its feet, it could see the waves of the once fearsome ocean slamming hard. In a different direction, there was a desert that stretched long.

It didn't know in which way to walk, was it the hot desert or the deep sea?

Should it even walk?

It didn't think much.

It chose to go with the more comfortable and cold deep sea rather than the irritatingly hot desert. It walked above the sea with only its waist under the water. His back almost seemed as if it held the world secure, akin to a pillar holding up the sky.

As it walked through the rainy days and got washed by thunder and storms, it bellowed like a child with eagerness. It was happy and interested in these small movements happening around it.

On a day when The Demon reached a part of the sea where even its body, as humongous as it was, was sunken almost all over, only leaving its head behind… something happened.

The Tree shook, it was a gentle and small shake; a tiny tremble—

Stop.

—and the lands, deserts of ice, volcanoes, and everything suddenly came to a stop. The falling little leaves of the small trees around their original ancestor were stuck in the air. The erupting volcanoes were the same, while the Demon was no different.

It was frozen in place. It didn't move—it couldn't move. It stayed frozen like that. But the Demon, for some reason, could still see everything hundreds of thousands of seas away from it.

And in that distance, it saw a small fruit, the color of blue so vibrantly beautiful, shine as it grew from a small light at the intersection between the desert and sea.

The Fruit was at the top of one of the heaven-arcing branches of the mighty Tree, but the creature was no longer so tiny as it had been when it wanted to eat the red fruit, if it tried, it should be able to reach the fruit in only some time.

And unlike the past when the Fruit looked so gigantic, it looked like a small delicacy now. But as its beautiful aura exploded into the world, the beast's lust was induced.

It wanted it.

It wanted the fruit.

It wanted to eat a second of that magical thing that made it into this new form.

Of course, it couldn't.

The Tree's tremble seemed to have stopped all motion in place as it screamed inside in agony.

In its sharp senses, it could feel little organisms that it had ignored till now race towards the fruit.

They were so small. So tiny.

Why could they move when all else couldn't?

They always vanished after some time of looking at them. Why won't they vanish now?

Why were they going there?

It couldn't make out what creature it was that finally reached the blue and crystalline delicacy clung to the branch, but finally, it saw the Fruit's meat vanishing.

It saw the two orbs of light in the sky changing again and again from the gentle one at dark and the harsh one at light as the Fruit became little and little.

It screamed shrilly and suddenly, a red light blasted out from its heart.

"I want it! I want it!" it said in its hoarse voice.

Then, it broke out of the restraints holding it back and headed towards the fruit but sadly, the moment it reached near the fruit, the restraint came back, this time, strong enough to hold it back.

…

Yue Li looked at Han Li with a pondering gaze. "So what is the moral of this story?"

Han Li smiled, now calm. "It means only one thing, Mom. There were restraints in this world which even the Sacred Demons couldn't break apart but at the end of the day, it was because its heart was weak at that point. The red light is its Heart Qi, and that is as strong as the strength of its heart. If the Demon had a stronger heart, it could've broken that barrier too."

"…I am confused again…" Yue Li drew on his chest. 'I really am so dumb…'

"This is not your fault mom, let me explain first. The essence of the story is, that brute forcing things like training without motivation to build a routine and discipline is a good thing, but what is even better is having a heart devoid of flaws. Heart aiming for something. If it wants something strong enough, it won't need motivation."

"So I have to fix my heart before training?"

"Yes, and I know how to do that. Even though it is quite the thing to do."

"What is it Xiao Li?" she asked, rather curious.

Han Li smiled and whispered something to her ears.

She was stunned, and a crimson hue spread whole throughout her face and body. "You are going to do that? That's… that's…"

Han Li shook his head. "It is nothing if your training would get back into motion and your heart would be back to normal."

Yue Li gulped. She was not gonna lie—That was such a disturbing but hot thing for Xiao Li to do… but he was really gonna do that?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 - 103: Healing the heart as time moves with the wind.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li POV.

"Yue Li had a weak heart these days."

That was a comment that Li Yao casually spoke some days ago.

"You do get lazy these days…" Liyue scratched the side of her cheeks when she said that, only to continue with a similar note: "It is as if you lost all that motivation. I don't know, I liked the hyperactive you better."

Xiao Li massaged her body and had sex with her like usual. In fact, the times he had sex with her had increased lately, with seven times a day becoming a routine for a while now.

He even grew a bit more dominant lately—which made her happy—But he hadn't yet done what he told her he would some days ago in order to fix her heart.

He seemed to be waiting for something before he did what he said.

Impatient as she was, she was a sucker for Xiao Li's gentle tactics; she was his little baby as much as he was hers, so when he actually becomes gentle and supportive of her current mental state and sincerely shows his wish for her to break out of it without any rush, unlike the usual him who was so pushy—she couldn't say 'Do what you promised' no matter what.

And he was supportive nowadays.

Even though he told her it was better to have her heart fixed as soon as possible, Xiao Li grew calmer later on and decided it was best if she tried to create a heart for herself from the roots once more to see if having self-confidence again was a possibility.

After all, she knew that what Han Li promised was something significant—something that would change their connection on a fundamental level.

It could not be rushed.

As the days passed, it was almost as if he was growing to be more like her husband than her little boy whom she had watched grow up. The kid who was so erratic and naughty was now a man so stable she could look up to him for security.

Her son's back—no, that would be wrong in her case—his chest was wide enough to let her sleep at night calmly with no worries about the future.

Even though they grew rather poor at a point some days ago, he went for a short trip through the city, and they were back being rich—or at least, they now had enough money to eat whatever they wanted.

And her Xiao Li never hesitated when she asked for something as long as it didn't affect her negatively.

He was also taking care of Liyue and Li Yao well too. Well enough to actually make her proud, but that also made her remember and think about her insecurities all day long.

The root of her allowing him to have a harem was her confidence in the level of love he had for her. In her mind, after his confession of love, it was impossible for her to be abandoned; he loved her like she loved him. She was his priority beyond all else.

'That heart of chaos is so cruel,' she lamented, 'whoever invented it has to be beaten to death! Humph!'

Now, even though she had a vague idea of his obsession with her, she just couldn't cement the thought without worrying. She just couldn't place any bit of confidence in herself to be good enough for her son some years down the line.

Now, she might pass the line barely, but some years later, she would just be small in comparison to him.

He was so brilliant, so capable, so intelligent, so manly, so handsome, so… so good in the bed.

Whereas she?

She was so dumb, growing old, her thoughts were shallow, and even though he said she looked perfect—was she? And she couldn't even learn everything he had to teach.

She had heard him praise Liyue yesterday. Supposedly, she was almost at the tip of having a solid hope and heart.

"Liyue is going to have a heart strong enough to withstand even the storms of life," Xiao Li was sincerely impressed, and the girl was shy and nervous while so happy. It was such a good moment for the both of them soon-to-be married fiance and fiancee.

Yet she felt horribly jealous. Why was she not the one being praised by him?

Why was she not the sole one loved?

Why… were other people in Xiao Li's life?

'I didn't use to feel like this,' she thought despondently. 'Am I such a horrible woman? So selfish?'

Looking into the mirror, she tried to smile, but her smile quickly vanished.

Maybe some bit of strength remained in her mind, but she held back the tears.

She was in her and her son's room. Alone. Seated on their bed and looking into a mirror.

She hadn't gone to train today. Xiao Li and Liyue were out training, too.

Probably even flirting.

That thought made her resent Liyue, Li Yao, herself… and even her beloved Xiao Li.

The time was well into the morning, and the sun shone harshly through the curtains. By today, it had been exactly two months since her 'heartbreak.'

The days had passed like a river's harsh current; no small rocks could deter its passing.

She trained these days, too, but they were almost all rather forced and not very fruitful either. Taking a leave or two had become quite a habit now. Soon enough, Liyue should be far beyond her.

Her face grew a sigh. 'I am not the issue here, and I am not being bitchy about not working and just being lazy. I honestly have a mental disease. This is all because my heart is confused.'

She nodded, finally feeling a bit as if she could breathe.

'And my son accepts whatever I am, so I have nothing to be worried about. I can be whatever I become and he will still look after me like he does now. There is no need for me to be so—'

She broke that thought with a paling face.

'My Xiao Li doesn't deserve such a useless mom. He deserves the best. What kind of mom would I be if I had no use other than being his sexual release? What kind of person can be so worthless when they're so blessed like me? Ah… I hate myself.'

Her thoughts were chaotic, and nothing good seemed to be waiting for her on the road.

She suddenly closed her eyes tightly and bit her lips.

Her whole body grew tense and filled with panic.

…

Behind the room's door, Han Li's heart clenched. 'She is having a nervous breakdown!'

He had been seeing some signs of this from their sleep yesterday and had somewhat expected it from some time ago. But to see this happen in front of him filled him with fear.

Gently moving into the room, he got behind her and waited silently. This was actually good for her.

This might actually give some solid experience for her.

But seeing the rather proud woman filled with innocence, the little ball of joy he so adored, being stooped on the side of the bed with a pale face made him silent and apprehensive.

She hadn't even noticed him…

'Maybe, I should embrace her to calm her down.' He shook his head.

That would be cruel to her and him.

…

What am I even worth for?

Her thoughts grew full of chaotic emotions.

She herself had always thought herself to be dumb. She had never had these moments when she grew so full of negative emotions. She had never wanted enough to crawl into a hole.

'Is this depression? Why am I so depressed?'

Was it because she couldn't come to terms with the ugliness hidden inside her?

Was it because she was not the person she always believed her to be?

Was it because she felt jealous of her own son's happiness?

She began to breathe heavily.

'I want to be hugged by Xiao Li.'

'I want to be protected by him now.'

'Xiao Li, where are you?'

Suddenly, a single rational thought entered her: 'What would my Xiao Li have done if he grew panicked like me?'

She took a deep breath, and her heart started to thump violently before one single thought started to overpower all other useless thoughts.

'My Xiao Li doesn't panic when it is not related to me.'

A gentle hand caressed her head.

Another one coiled around her waist.

Before she knew it, her back was on the bed, and her sweaty face was looking up at her son's gentle face.

"Tone down on the deep thoughts, Mom," he said with a smile and kissed her stunned lips. "You see? Those lips. I would kill to get another kiss from it."

"Yo..You like them that much?" she asked, still stunned at his sudden appearance.

"You know I hate you," he chuckled and looked at her with adoration. "But maybe, if you pull yourself together, I might finally fall for you head over heels."

"You know what heels are?" she asked, feeling her heart thump.

"Such a stupid thing to ask at a moment like this. That's my mom for you."

She gulped.

"Xiao Li."

"Hmm?"

"I think I am finally making progress on understanding myself. Maybe I might fix me myself."

"You were never broken. Jealousy is normal in that kind of situation; don't push yourself."

Yue Li's eyes widened. "Li.. You knew I was jealous?"

"How would I not when it's you?"

She sighed and hid her eyes with her arms.

"…such a perfect son I got," she sighed. "I don't know whether I am blessed or cursed anymore."

"Come, we have a lot of work today. You didn't train, so… you can last more, right?"

"If you do it gently…"

Han Li shook his head. He was relieved she was at least no longer regressing in her mental state.

"How can I not be gentle when my mom is asking so with an expression like the one you have now?" he asked and caressed her cheeks.

She blushed, and her desire rose.

"Rascal!"

"Or we can cuddle instead till you feel okay with going forward? Why don't you talk about it with me?"

She smiled. "No, let me handle it on my own."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 - 104: The birthday cloths are leveling up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The noon sun sent its scorching rays towards the lands, burning quite hot now that the months of winter were past and the Spring was in full swing in the middle of the eighth month. The weather had become milder while the landscape had come alive with blooming flowers and budding trees.

It was a time of renewal and growth.

'Hmm…'

Feeling the clingy hands wrapped around his body with his mom's soft and naked body sleeping just beside him, he couldn't help but softly caress her hair.

She had been quite downhearted for the past few days, and he had seen the possibility of depression and even self-loathing in her from quite a while ago, but seeing her actually go through it was quite startling for him, while at the same time, reassuring.

She wasn't that much of a fragile flower. She had her own strengths.

And.

It was only natural that she was stunned and sad. It was also only natural she felt that way.

For one, he knew she was a very heroic woman with her own solid moral values and code of conduct that she cared about more than anything else—Of course, minus himself.

'She cares too much about me in that, too.' he smiled.

He was proud of that.

Quite a lot.

As he laid beside his mom, he closed his eyes and thought about her mental state deeply.

With her belief in herself and her pride in herself that she had never actually felt jealous or envious of anyone, it was only natural she would be shocked and afraid when she found out that she was actually jealous of her own son and daughter-in-law.

Especially considering it was the first time she experienced this 'strange,' 'sinful,' and 'hateable' thought.

It was natural she felt resentment alongside such jealousy.

Why would she not feel resentment when her son, whom she so adored, was flirting with another woman?

If it was in the past when she was 100% sure about his unwavering loyalty, fine, she would be super okay with it since no matter what happened, ultimately, Han Li was hers, and she was his.

But now?

Now that her heart was uncalm and she was worried about her own self-worth—her being good enough for Han Li when he is so good—that unwavering surety had wavered.

She was no longer assured that Han Li would make her his priority when he cared about more women.

What if he abandoned her when one of his future harem members demanded so?

What if Han Li grows tired of her dumbness and no longer finds it cute?

What if Han Li grows to hate her obsession for him?

What if she became too much of a burden to care for?

The more Han Li thought about it, the more obvious her thoughts became to him. She was a simple person to understand. She simply wants to be cared for by him and care for him till her last ember of life vanishes.

She didn't have any grand purpose like achieving eternal life or gaining control over life and death like him, never to see another of his loved ones fall. She just wanted to see her son happy.

He hugged her soft and gentle body with a strong longing.

They had gone at it just earlier, and she was as submissive to him as ever. She still wanted to be dominated by her son, as always. And she had also been much more craving of his attention today.

She wanted him to look at her all day.

She wanted to hug him all the time.

He opened his eyes with a sigh.

He didn't like doing a mental analysis of his mother one bit — that was something he'd normally do with enemies and potential allies in general.

The only person he was completely open-hearted to was his mother as of now, and in his opinion, that would probably remain the same until he got back with his Little Ruo.

Even though he had accepted Liyue and Li Yao into his heart, that didn't mean he would let himself be entirely vulnerable in front of them with all his secrets in the open.

Of course, he WOULD consider it if it actually did them good and great.

For now, though, only his Mom was someone he was completely comfortable with knowing everything and having all his weaknesses.

But to know all the weaknesses and thought processes of his mom didn't go well with him. That made her like almost any other ally, and she was far from that.

"Hmm?" he suddenly frowned and looked out the flowing curtains of the room to the outside world.

"Ah, Mom, it is a spring rain today," he whispered into her ears with a smile.

Moving her hand to hold his face, she murmured, "A bit more Xiao Li, let me sl..eep a.. bit more…"

Han Li shook his head at the tightening hold with which she hugged him.

"Sleep however much you want. I am not going anywhere," he said and, with a sigh, looked at his hands with [Life Vision].

_

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Lifespan: 300 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 192]

[Talent: Sacred]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Top Tier Mortal Physique]

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 11.01% complete]

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

_

Once again, his Dao Crystals had accumulated to be much: 192 exactly, and with a smile, he used up 191 of them.

The small cluster of star-like bright, red things in his empty space moved towards his Dao Soul and was soon entirely consumed by it. Han Li's whole body shook and warmed up, even waking up Yue Li, who was lazily lying in his embrace with a startled yelp.

"Wha.. Why are you so hot?!" she blinked her blurry eyes and asked.

It couldn't be fever since he was smiling.

Han Li shook his head as the feeling of strength slowly vanished from his skin. But at the same time, he could feel the utter sensation of safety passing by along with it.

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 30.11% complete]

A last wave of warmth passed by him, and the fine hairs on his back stood up.

Strengthening skin using low-level methods would have made him have the lower sensation of touch across his body, but with such a perfect technique like the Demonic Transformation, his sensations had no detriments. Instead, he had a rather clear control of how much he wanted to feel.

Even though he wasn't entirely under control—his instincts were. If he was feeling the heat, the skin would naturally tone down the sensation just enough to let him know that he was hurting badly without actually sending the pain receptors screaming.

Laughing lightly, he said, his voice growing rather eager to test it already: "Mom, my skin is quite tough now. I told you I was practicing something from the book, right? It just leveled up!"

Yue Li was surprised and instinctively touched his face. "It still feels very fair, like a girl's skin, but somehow rigid too. What just happened?"

Excited, Han Li gave a small explanation of how his skin was leveling up and becoming similar to the Sacred Demon's skin, and she was surprised a bit.

"Isn't the sacred demon like the most powerful creature in the world?"

"Haha, Yes!" Han Li smiled and nodded. "They are the epitome of creation."

Yue Li grew confused but was also excited seeing him acting like a kid who got a toy. "But isn't that too early for you to get Li? If your skin becomes as strong as the Sacred Demon, won't you be nearly invincible?"

Han Li shook his head. "My skin would be quite powerful, and almost nothing would be able to harm it at my level, but my organs are weak. Even if my skin is strong, what use can it be if a strong, blunt weapon slams into my head? My brain would turn to mush."

"That's true, but a sword and such can't harm you!" she said, trying to lick his face a little. "You taste the same, though?"

"You have tried licking my face before?" Surprised, Han Li asked.

He was extremely comfortable and unguarded while sleeping beside her, so he didn't really know what she did to him when she was awake and he was asleep.

She blushed slightly but then continued to nibble on his cheeks. After a while, she said with a sigh: "I always liked to bite your cheeks when you were little. It was so fluffy, and you always used to get so angry at me with your childish face when I did that. Snorting cutely and running away."

Han Li smiled helplessly. "I was too little to know good."

Yue Li smiled. "There are so many stories of you from those times that only I know. You used to beat me when you got angry at that time, often getting so angry you would be trembling and hitting me if I didn't give you your favorite toy or food."

"I used to hit you?" Han Li's memories were monstrous, but surprisingly, he didn't remember such a thing.

Laughing, Yue Li said with a smile. "You beat me so much, but none hurt really. Humph, what can a snorty brat do? But the more you grew up, the faster you matured. Maybe it is because you were different, and you had no Spark, unlike the others."

"Hm, should we go test my skin now, Mom?"

"…You don't want to know the rest of the stories?" she glared at him.

He rubbed his nose. "After I test my skin?"

She snorted with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 - 105: Wind from the west is about to blast
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Come on, Mom, try to cut my hand," Han Li said as Yue Li's hand trembled.

She was holding a knife.

Against Xiao Li's hands!

A damned knife!

"It wouldn't hurt you, right? Xiao Li," her voice shook as he wrapped his fist around the knife.

"Just move the knife already or give it to me," Han Li licked his lips and said.

No matter what, growing stronger was addicting.

Liyue and Li Yao were surrounding them and looking at his palm with bright eyes. Would it really work?

Yue Li took a deep breath, and understanding she was ready, Han Li unwrapped his fist. She started to cut it gently, but nothing happened, and Han Li mockingly laughed.

Curious, she used a bit more force, and nothing happened again.

"Quite tough." Her eyes sparkled as she began to move with more and more force, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't do anything other than leave a small mark on it, which she easily rubbed off.

"Wow, Big Brother Han." Liyue touched his arms and felt the rigidity of his skin, "So, can no one at the Awakening stage like us hurt you anymore?"

Han Li nodded thoughtfully.

"I am similar to an Average Talent Transformation Cultivator at the Evolution Stage regarding the skin now, and to hurt me would be the same as trying to hurt them. So, yes, sharp weapons of the Awakening Stage cannot do anything to me. Yep, I am almost invincible to Awakened now. No matter how many came, I doubt they could harm me."

Impressed, Liyue nodded.

Thinking about a bunch of Awakened like Li Ming trying to surround her big brother, only to be swatted away like flies… she smiled.

On the other hand, Li Yao poked him on places like his joints to see how flexible they were. Similarly impressed, she whistled.

Had she not already asked against it, Han Li would've surely thrown a sexual joke now. Sad.

"What about Evolved, boy, can they hurt you?" Li Yao asked, trying to scratch him with her nails only to fail miserably as her nails started to hurt.

"Evolved…" Han Li pondered the question curiously. "Average Proficiency in sharp weapons would struggle to hurt me now, even if I was dumbly going to let their swords hit me, but Highly Proficient can hurt me quite easily. And an Evolved master of a weapon like a knife or a sword? They can easily cut me apart."

And he wouldn't even have a way to heal like the actual Transformation types.

"Really, if it were me, I would just grow confused with my own strength," Li Yao shook her head. "There is a saying, Han Li, boy, always know yourself before fighting enemies; have, in other words, a perfect understanding of yourself before you head out to fight."

Han Li nodded with a smile.

In their mind, he was just a child.

"So what is the next plan? Is there training today?" Yue Li asked, ready to train. She didn't want to be weak anymore. She wanted to conquer her laziness and hopelessness; she wanted to regain at least some of her confidence back.

"Of course, we won't be skipping training anymore, but Liyue already trained enough for the day, and you and Li Yao—"

"Mother-in-law," Li Yao interrupted.

"Anyway, Mom, you and mother-in-law are the only ones remaining to train. You can train on the knife like usual, and Mother-in-law, you just have to do the basic exercises I gave earlier."

"What about Liyue?" Li Yao asked curiously, blinking innocently.

"Liyue? Of course, she has to cook your food."

Li Yao chuckled while Yue Li shook her head. She wouldn't lie; she wasn't yet entirely back to not feeling jealous about Liyue at all, but there was a lot of improvement after the earlier situation.

She only felt jealous now and not any resentment. That meant her heart was going back to normal.

Liyue smiled with a blush and looked aside, but she wasn't really ashamed at all. Why would she be ashamed of doing naughty things with her own man?

Her mother rolled her eyes.

Then, the mother duo went out with their tools to begin their play training till the time arrived to eat, and the quirkier one among them shouted while on the way out: "The food better be as good as the honey thingy, you brats, but I don't want sweet. Make it hot. Goes well with a good bottle of my secret drinks. And tone down on the games a bit while in the kitchen."

Their shadows vanished behind the door.

Shaking his head, Han Li looked at Liyue and said with a sigh, "They really are so unproductive. Never doing their work… maybe we need to do something about it…"

Now that he thought about it, his body really needed to have a fight or two to get into action. It was too languid now, very turned off. He had to go kill something or at least fight something of his equal might to get his body to its peak response.

He has to wake it up.

"Big brother, I had a doubt," Liyue suddenly asked, holding his hand.

He smiled at the confident gesture and asked, "Go on, the beautiful lady there."

Really, Liyue's beauty was starting to shine on her face a bit too. Having trained and bathed already with the smell of flowers on her now, along with her dark hair that had grown to reach her butt… she was now quite beautiful.

"Why is it that when I move with a spear, one thing grows extremely clear while all the other things vanish?" she had practiced a bit earlier, and she just couldn't focus.

Han Li was surprised and then stared at her confused black eyes. "What is this thing you are talking about like?"

"Hmm… let me think." Her face grew thoughtful while Han Li gently caressed her cheeks. She comfortably puffed it up like a cat, and he pinched.

Cringing in a bit of pain, she held his hand and looked at him with a student's gaze. "It is like looking at a firefly in the dark, and all else seems not to exist."

Han Li leaned down and pressed his forehead against hers. "You can't fathom how attractive you now seem to me. Should I just go at it, Liyue?"

Liyue looked into his eyes, and an electric charge began to build up between them. "Why don't you just go at it? I am ready…" she whispered.

Han Li kissed her.

She enjoyed the kiss for a long time before licking her lips off the bridge of saliva that connected them and asking, "Big Brother, are you still waiting for my Heart of Cultivation thing to form?"

Han Li looked at the girl who had already grown attached to him and couldn't help but feel the want to protect her. To make her more than what she was meant to be.

"I am. Don't you want to wait till you're sure?"

"…" she remained silent and looked at his crimson eyes.

After a while, she caressed his face and embraced it. "Big Brother Han, I don't really know what my heart is, but I do know I can never see another man like I see you. I know that I cannot… bear to part with what our family now is."

"So?" Han Li gently questioned.

"… so…" she lingered for a while before speaking into Han Li's ears, "It is about time you do what you do to our mothers to me too."

Han Li felt his heart skip a beat and looked at her with his sparkling gaze. "No marriage?"

"…I want a marriage." She looked at his face with hopeful eyes.

Throughout the past few months she had known him, he had accepted almost all her requests—which amounted to one: asking for sweet food. Nevertheless, he had overall cared for her, and he was more than just her fiance. He was also her master in the spear.

She admired his sword skills.

She admired his knife skills.

She admired his spear skills.

She… loved it when he gently teased her…

She was repulsed by the thought of other men.

She admired his confidence.

She wanted to go past simple naughtiness already. He had been teasing her for too long.

And she was quite sure now that she had a place in his heart. For some reason, even though he seemed very mysterious still, there was a sense of connection and acceptance she felt. Like her mom said, she was growing in him like he did on her.

"Let's marry," Han Li nodded with a smile.

"I've never married anyone before, so let's make it grand."

Liyue's heart started to thump, and she held his clothes tight. Her eyes started to shine like the starlight, and she looked at his face.

"…When?" she asked, feeling all the courage start to leave her as her voice trembled.

"Hmm, let's marry each other as soon as Mom's heart heals. It should be soon. I am waiting to fulfill a promise to her, so I should complete it first before we decide on a date for this. But I believe it should happen soon, a month or two at best, and…" he teased her lips with his and said with a smile, "…we would finally marry."

She swallowed as her face reddened.

Han Li shook his head with the same smile. Such ceremonies hardly mattered to him, but if she cared about it, he might as well let her have her fun.

But he looked towards the west with a smile.

'It is about time that happened, too.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 - 106: Almost out of her shell.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li's self-training didn't show much improvement in any areas for the past three days. Yue Li, his little mom, was finally showing some signs of having her foothold still in training and showed some improvements to Han Li.

But the most surprising still was Liyue. It seemed the girl was born for the spear; she really shined in her training, and secretly, Han Li was sure she would reach 'High' Proficiency of the Awakened Stage in spear very soon.

As for Li Yao?

She had long since become attuned with her own body and had no issue walking or doing normal people things now. She had hardcore sex with him when it came down to it. What was some small-time walking?

Even though him and Li Yao being in a bed was much rarer than him and his mother being in one, it happened quite a lot. Thrice or more every week, at the very least.

As a reason, the whole family had grown attached to each other, with every one of them slowly getting a role of their own.

Yue Li first, Liyue, and then Li Yao, and if all three of them were unavailable, Han Li. That is how the cooking process goes.

And subconsciously, Li Yao and Liyue could understand that Han Li cared a lot about his mother. He gets extremely upset even when she gets small scraping wounds by some mistake. Of course, the one who gets all the rants after that would be Yue Li too.

Then comes the training.

Hours and hours of training with some sexual tension here and there. Blushing Liyue yelping. Yue Li glaring. Li Yao chuckling at their misery from the side.

Overall, they were becoming one whole, and Han Li did notice it. It even put a smile on his face.

And just like that, in their normalcy, 3 days had passed since the promise of marriage was discussed with Liyue.

The morning birds were just waking up, the sun just peaking out of the clouds. The spring was bursting, and flowers were everywhere. The temperature was so perfect even Han Li wanted to take a nap among the flowers.

Han Li and Yue Li were alone atop their old home's roof and gently exchanging kisses. While his hand was inside her pant, gently stroking her pussy. Luckily, people couldn't see them from the ground.

Yue Li panted heavily and pulled his face closer to her as they kissed. He held her waist and gently let her thighs lock around his stomach. Their faces were red with arousal as they broke the kiss, and Han Li looked at his mom with undeniable lust.

He didn't stop fingering her, and she moaned before holding her lip. She couldn't moan!

What if the city ended up knowing what they do?

Han Li looked at her cute actions and squinted his eyes. "Mom!" he called out.

"What?" she asked with flushed cheeks; she really was trying hard not to moan.

"I love you," Han Li said, "More than anything in the world."

Yue Li's heart sweetened, and she could feel his finger inside her vagina growing gentler. At the same time, he could feel her body heat rising.

"An~ Xi..ao Li mm~ …" Han Li paused his hand a bit, slowing down his hand and gently rubbing her wet clitoris with his thump instead.

"What, Mom?"

Finally able to catch her breath, Yue Li looked at him and, containing her moans, said with a voice filled with emotions, "I love you too, son. More than anything in the world."

Han Li smiled and once again looked at her. Sweaty face, roughed up white robes, her long dark strands of hair, her eyes captivated in lust for him. On the top of it, cutely puffing her face up to hold back the moan.

He leaned down and kissed her fair jaws. No matter what happened, his mother was so perfect.

"You finally know what to say back," he said, biting gently on her jaws as one of his fingers moved inside her pussy like he owned it.

She leaned back on the roof in comfort and trembled her hands, pushing her son's chest for comfort. "Kiss me, Li'er," she said with glazed eyes.

Han Li's lips nibbled on her sweaty cheek and soon found her lips. Their juicy tongues soon intertwined together and gently tasted each other's souls.

And finally, as her emotions peaked and her son's fingering grew more intense, she hugged him with all her strength, with both her petite legs and hands clinging to him as if he belonged to her and her alone.

Trembling, she melded into his chest, and her mind blanked out as her pussy juices trickled out.

Taking a deep breath, she shyly looked up at him. "I peed," she said with a red face.

Han Li shook his head at her and moved his hand a bit on her crotch for a while before taking it out.

She became even more shy.

"You really peed… no wonder I thought my hand was warm."

She blushed. "It's… it's for the first time anyway, Xiao Li!"

"Are you not ashamed to pee on your son's hand? Tsk, Tsk, what kind of mother are you?" he asked with a teasing smile.

"Xiao Li!" she returned, "That is so unfair. You are the one who fingered me so harshly. You should have been gentler!"

"Don't tell me you didn't like it!" Han Li laughed.

"I… liked it though." she smiled. "Don't worry, son, I will repay you later for peeing on your hands."

"Oh, repay me?" Han Li smiled back at her. "How?"

She showed a deep sigh and said bitterly. "Your mom is poor, and she can only pay you with her body. Is that enough?"

"Ho, interesting, how will you pay with your body?" Han Li couldn't help but caress her face, but she twitched in disgust and pushed him away.

"Uhh, with that hand!" she cursed and fixed her clothes, using the sleeves of her robe to clean her face.

He smiled and pulled her back under him. Looking at the woman looking at him with a terrified face, he showed her his hand, and she became even more terrified.

"Xiao Li, don't play, you can't kiss me without stinking if you do that!" she begged.

"Hahaha!" Han Li laughed evilly.

She gulped. "Xiao Li, don't you like my smell? You want to ruin it?"

"You can smell like that again after I wash you," he teased.

She punched his stomach gently and said seriously, "How will I walk back to Li Yao's house if I stink like pee? Are you dumb?"

Han Li shook his hand off of the liquid and laid to her side. "You will stink of it no matter what. Your pants are soaked."

She looked at him with a smile. "That's fine. As long as my face doesn't show it, I can just enter the bathroom while you capture their attention somehow."

"Why would I do that for you?" He shook his head.

"To get the favor of a beautiful woman?" she questioned, but deep down, there were doubts in her heart.

"Ah, don't have serious doubts now, idiot." Han Li hugged her waist. "I will do that for you because you are not just beautiful, but because you were dumb enough to look cute when peeing."

She blushed. "Scoundrel!" she muttered.

But deep down, she felt rather sweet. She had just felt a doubt, and he saw through her straight away.

Her son really knew her.

They remained sweetly silent for a while before Yue Li asked curiously, "Xiao Li, so what is so special about today that you even called off training to come here with me?"

He looked up at the brightening skies, and his gaze started to shimmer.

"Mom, today is an Awakening Ceremony, you know?" he asked.

"Oh?" she grew thoughtful. "Of which clan? Ours?"

"Yes, Starlight Clan is holding an Awakening Ceremony today, and do you know when Awakening Ceremony happens?"

"Ah, I remember that!" Yue Li exclaimed. "Awakening Ceremonies are held when there is an Energy Abundance 1in the surroundings, right?"

Nodding, Han Li looked at his surroundings. He was excited.

"Normally, all the Awakening Ceremonies are held when Energy Abundance happens, and that had been the case for the last few ceremonies we didn't bother caring about, too. But today's Energy Abundance is different."

"How so?"

"Today, it will be really, really abundant since there is a passing wind-like thing called the West abundant wind that will move through here. It will bring a lot of energy, and we can absorb as much as we can before it moves away. It barely lasts 10 minutes before returning to normal energy abundance levels, but those 10 minutes are worth much more."

"I see," she nodded, feeling her wet pant stick to her thigh irritatingly. "So when does that wind come?"

"In half an hour, I want to try absorbing as much as I can before it moves away."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 - 107: Windy Windy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li stood atop his roof and spread his arms wide. It was coming, he knew.

Yue Li sat behind him and looked at him with a starry gaze. The sight before her looked like those moments when cool scenes appeared in anime.

His robes, white as snow, waved in the rough spring wind. His hair, those as dark as night, flowed behind him. Arms spread sideways. He looked at the wind that was coming his way with a waiting gaze.

"Mom, do you know what Energy is?" his voice was cut off by the wind, but a transmission using his Talent quickly solved the issue.

"Energy?" Yue Li shouted the question.

Feeling the rough wind blasting against his clothes and hearing the non-stop drumming sound of it, he nodded slightly.

"I don't know!" she shouted.

Han Li smiled, and his transmission chuckled inside her head: "Think of it as air and gases lying spread out around the world, and people absorb it to gain powers in their bodies. But in all honest terms, this Energy is not usable at all; it is very chaotic and self-destructive for us humans."

"Then how are we using it?" she asked with a shout again.

He spoke: "We do not use it. We are not capable of using it either. If we use it, we would just die. But our Sparks are different things; they absorb the chaotic Energy in the surroundings and turn them into tame usable Energy.

"But those Energies are still a very inferior form of the Chaotic Energy in the outside world. An easy way for you to understand it would be to think of your own situation, Mom. When you failed and lost your Spark in Evolution and got crippled, there was a lot of Energy left behind inside you with no Spark to regulate it.

"You remember it hurt when that Energy had any sort of movement inside you, right?"

Yue Li nodded.

"The Spark had already turned the energy quite tame, so you wouldn't die if you failed; it just hurts a lot. In my—an Evolved's—scenario, the Energy I absorb and use is not the same form of Energy you use. Instead, it is a superior version of what you have with added attributes of my Spark that had now transformed into a Dao Soul.

"Minor Dao Energy that is crystallized is what I have, whereas you have an attributeless tame source of power that is loosely spread.

"If I become a Power Born Stage, I will have Intermediate Dao Energy instead. And this energy class would allow me to use Magic Powers of a higher capability, too. It is the key for using such powers."

Yue Li nodded and took a deep breath of the west wind. She couldn't absorb Energy voluntarily as an Awakened, but she felt energized regardless.

"So what are you trying to tell me?" she asked.

"That, my dear mom, is what we have around us. 'The Chaotic Energy' is the most supreme type of Energy and the source of all of our powers. Maybe even the Sacred Demons only had Energy at the same level as the Chaotic Energy around us."

Growing thoughtful, she nodded.

"So all cultivators are trying to achieve a purity of Energy as close to the world to gain powers that only the world has!" Han Li laughed out. And even when they finally get to higher levels of energy, they can only give that back to the World in return for using Magic Powers.

But he?

He can use that magic power for a set amount of time with a price, and it will become his Talent. He has no one to pay. He was becoming the lord of the land himself.

After using his Talent so many times, he now knew—he was not 'summoning' the Magic Powers 'from the World' like the others were doing, but instead, after it becomes a Talent, he was summoning it 'from himself.'

He was well and nice, stealing all the Powers dedicated to the Lust Dao one by one as each became his Talent. Even though he had barely stolen 4 powers out of the known 300 he was given in the book.

Taking a deep breath, he sat cross-legged on the thatched ceiling.

The wind was finally here.

He could feel his Dao Soul start to absorb energy ten thousand times faster than it usually does. He no longer had time to explain.

West Abundant Wind.

A wind that carried Energy spread all around the world in its banner and passed through this area once in a blue moon. Something that cast the surrounding lands in a dark purple hue like a storm's oncoming.

His goosebumps started to rise as Energy started to flow into his Empty Space and get refined by the Dao Soul in a frenzy. The Dao Soul never needed that much time to absorb and refine Energy; it was just that the surrounding Energy levels were quite sparse. But now, that was different.

The whole colorful world was awash in an energetic glow. In seconds, one more bright star—Minor Dao Crystals—appeared in his Empty Space, and that again continued to grow in number.

He then started to manually breathe the way the Sacred Demons breathed innately from the moment they were born. The way humans didn't know, and his till-now-passive absorption became Active, thus increasing the efficiency even more.

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7….

The number of his Minor Dao Crystals grew by the second, and before he knew it, he fell into a deep trance meditation.

Time started to pass bit by bit while on the central part of Starlight Zone, a small crowd started to accumulate: Today was a day of Energy Abundance for the Evolved, but for the lower masses, it was an Awakening Ceremony.

On the other hand, all of the Evolved and Power Born scattered across the city all went into a deep trance like Han Li. The inns and living spaces were filled to the brim with Evolved today. Everyone who knew the wind was here.

While some people—actual Experts—who were fast enough to follow the wind ran behind it with waves of laughter while avoiding the men and jumping across buildings, nobody would stop them today.

Not that many would dare to.

Of course, unless they dared to enter one of the Three Clan's Zones. If that happened, all three Clan Heads would join forces against them. They won't mind their passive-aggressive stance against each other anymore.

As moments passed, the Energy Density started to lessen, and soon, the Energy-filled wind passed the borders of the city and flew far off, leaving behind some Evolved's wistful sighs. How good it would have been if the wind lasted more.

Sadly, it didn't.

Han Li breathed out a puff of air as his whole body steamed; it was similarly hot, too. His body had been pushed very much, too, refining some of its rough edges due to absorbing energy from all of his pores. That wouldn't improve his overall strength, but it would surely do good for his health.

Opening his clear and focused red eyes, he immediately looked at his hand with 'Life Vision.'

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 349]

"Quite a lot of crystals for 10 minutes of work, quite good!" he said coldly before shaking his head, "Missed some crystal because of my inexperience with Deep-Trancing."

There was still a lot of wind around the area and leaves and clothes flew around. Some umbrellas could even be seen akin to kites high in the air.

Yue Li yawned and asked loudly, "Was it good? I have been looking at you sitting around without doing anything for a while now, and my pants really stink!"

Han Li looked at her and briefly ignored her ramblings. He really needed to focus on some things.

His Crystals started to vanish as it appeared from his Empty Space. it was so quickly turned into crystals that most of them lost form and became swirls of energy instead of crystals, but he started to meditate and turn each swirl one by one into crystals manually by doing breathing exercises.

Yue Li could only stare at him with irritation. She couldn't even walk back home alone since she stank so badly. She could only wait till he helped her get in without being noticed.

Half an hour of waiting passed.

Han Li opened his eyes with a sigh and started to use the crystals on his skin. It was now [30.11% complete], and he had a lot of extra energy to build upon that.

One by one, the crystals vanished.

His skin reddened and warmed up for a while before it calmed down.

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 349 —> 09]

[Skin Building of the Demon Transformation: 30.11% —> 64.11]

A sense of strength washed through him. He was closing in on his Skin leveling up, but he also knew his Dao Soul would be tired out after today for quite a while, a week at the very least. So he couldn't even cultivate normally or even through Lust for that amount of time.

"What a drag," he stretched with a smile, and his whole body shook awake from the meditation.

He could see the morning light clearly, and everything seemed so alive today.

In the center of the Starlight Zone, a white Flag flew up. The Awakening Ceremony was about to begin, but as most of the days, nobody was trying to Evolve today, so he had no interest in that.

He looked sideways at his dozed-off-in-seat mom and said, "I guess it's my time to relax…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 - 108: Uncultured Swines' slice of life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night that the West Abundance Wind passed by.

Even though the harsh winds had passed by in the morning, the area was still windy. The forest surrounding the place was quaking with trees bending, and all the little animals couldn't help but tremble as they hid under their respective safe havens.

But in the suppressive darkness, the bright city awash with the light of bright torches and hurricane lamps stood out; not much wind passed its walls to disturb the inhabitants inside. For them, as much as the animals hated today, they loved.

Their Evolved were happy today; some of their kids had Awakened today, and today had been an excellent day of business. Some men and women joined in the center of the Starlight Zone, and a huge bonfire lay in the middle, burning high.

"Haiyya…" an old man sighed and began to walk towards the fire. "Life is so boring. This old man should just die."

Some people laughed while a young boy desperately held the old man's clothes. "Granppa! Granppa!" the boy squeaked with an anxious voice and dragged back the old man's clothes. But unfortunately, he was weak, and his legs were dragged through the mud towards the fire.

"Granppa! Gran—" Just as the boy grew anxious to the max, he seemed to have gotten some divine power, and his grandpa staggered backward.

"Haiyya…" the old man sighed again. "Even brats are now so strong!"

People around laughed while the old man decided to do the same thing and walk towards the fire again.

On another side of the bonfire was a quickly set-up place for meat and alcohol. Han Li sat there with a flagon of alcohol in his hand and an unapproachable expression while Li Yao drank from another jar beside him.

"Ha, damn!" she hissed, "On-the-spot drinks hit differently!"

Han Li ignored her and chewed inside his teeth for some of the bird meat stuck in his gums while peacefully looking at the old man's shenanigans. While beside the duo enjoying their alcohol stood Yue Li and Liyue—both were glaring at a jug of drinks in front of them.

"Liyue, maybe the day had finally arrived when the queen of this kingdom finally fell to the dark side," Yue Li said mysteriously.

Liyue looked at her dubiously.

"That is at my girl," Yue Li looked around suspiciously. "All of the people around would make you want to drink alcohol and become like your mother. But that is the dark path, and my child, you don't belong in the world of darkness."

Liyue smiled slightly and asked, "Why are you speaking so weirdly, Mother?"

"Shhh…" Yue Li shushed her with a finger. "Let not the world of darkness know what the light thinks. Look around you, Liyue. Do the people around seem familiar to you?"

Liyue blinked and looked around. Deep down, she was actually having her heart beat loudly, but the cheery noices of the crowd around the area made its noise negligible.

Who would have thought she would be able to look at people's faces without looking down a second later?

"…they don't really seem familiar, even though I do know some."

"That is it, Liyue!" Yue Li laughed. "Then why would you be so bothered about what they think and what they wouldn't? Just be like me, uncaring of anybody's reaction. Bwahahaha!"

Liyue looked at Yue Li, her eyes growing starry. "So you are telling me not to worry about others because they don't matter anyway?"

"Yep!" Yue Li sniffed back some snot coming down her nose, and her face reddened a bit more. "Oh no, I forgot to continue the narrative."

She cleared her throat.

"So, Liyue, the queen of the kingdom, was about to turn to the dark side now. Don't you wish to witness that momentous event?"

Han Li finally leaned his head back and looked at his mother with an upside-down gaze. Was she drunk already?

He had given her a kiss with his mouth filled with alcohol about half an hour ago. Nobody had seen it, of course, and his mom was too shy to accept his skinship in public—not that she would mind if he actually asked for it.

But he didn't have any plans to do something like that.

"Liyue, look after her; she gets tipsy easily," Han Li transmitted into Liyue's mind, and she blinked but didn't show much else of a reaction. He nodded.

A cool wind passed by them, lifting their robes or hair as it flew away with the scent of great wine.

As Han Li himself grew slightly tipsy, he shook his head and burped.

"So the Queen is about to drink Alcohol!" Yue Li showcased the jug in her hand towards the air and exclaimed with a small voice. She didn't actually want to attract attention.

Han Li moved his arms and snatched the thing from her. "No more for you!"

just as Yue Li was about to quarrel, Han Li shook his head and threw the jug up using the small string attached to it. The muddy thing flew through the air and, in a passing wind, shifted its course: it moved towards a young man silently drinking some steamy tea some distance away, and Han Li squinted his eyes.

The man looked up lazily and watched as the butt of the jug headed for his nose.

"Wow, a man can't even enjoy his tea…" he cursed as he lazily shifted his face and caught the string on the jug with his teeth.

'Sheesh!' he cursed with a sour face again as the mud walls of the small jug hit his jaw.

He silently turned around and looked for the culprit while Han Li looked at him with an inviting hand.

The young man glared at him.

"Were you the one who threw this my way, friend?" he asked as he took the thing in hand.

Han Li looked at him and bowed. "Mistake," he said.

The young man stared at Han Li and then up at the windy air above. The downward areas were rarely affected by these low winds even though some came and passed: no way someone could so accurately throw this to his head, not some unknown brat.

"Anyway, friend, since it is in my hands, I shall take it." He turned around and no longer minded Han Li, whereas Han Li looked at him with intrigue.

Li Shuanwei, a filthy rich young master of these areas. A quite close son of the Clan Head, a silk pants guy who had often been said to be idiotic or stupid. He was by today more than 30 years old, but the man hadn't even Awakened for once yet.

Not because he had some kind of issue regarding his cultivation—the man just hated cultivation, he heard. Someone who intentionally avoids all kinds of conflict no matter how they came. A man who likes to sleep at home rather than wake up to eat.

More than any of that, the renowned poet who grew enchanted by some woman later on, only to get dumped and commit suicide. 'Life Vision' was quite useful to see how people died in the past life.

But Han Li had no reason to mess with the guy. The only reason he threw it was to see the person in action: the youth had idiotically good reflexes. Not to mention, he knew the rumors were not fake since he could, in fact, see the person's cultivation.

At that age, he was still an Unawakened for no reason.

'An anti-violence person who died for a woman, is he the opposite of me?' Han Li pondered.

In everyone's life, they were their own main characters, their own protagonists, while the others became their side characters. No matter how experienced he grew, he couldn't understand all of human hearts.

That was complicated.

Yue Li moved from the back and hugged Han Li's neck. He carried her and walked away while the other two followed, Liyue basically dragging Li Yao, who was drunk and clinging on to a big jar of alcohol.

After quite a bit of shame for the introverted little lady, of course.

Han Li chuckled at them, and they traveled back to their path home. and while at it, he briefly thought of a poem again, but he shook his head.

"Ah, this night shall have no poems from me! Today is a day for me to relax. Liyue, recite your hubby a poem!"

Liyue was startled as she walked behind him with her mother in tow.

"Poem? Me?"

"Yeah, you!"

Yue Li's eyebrows danced in intrigue. "Poem! Sing!"

Liyue stayed silent for a while before she took a deep breath and said with a sigh of defeat, "I don't know any poems…"

Han Li shook his head.

"Li Yao, you sing!"

Li Yao looked at him groggily. "Poem? Those are for the scholars, don't ask me."

Han Li sighed. "Mom, your turn."

"Mine?"

Han Li nodded.

Yue Li smiled and hugged him tightly.

"Your mother is illiterate, you sing."

Han Li cursed under his breath.

Uncultured swines.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 - 109: Yue li taking advantage of Han Li
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After walking home, Han Li asked: "Mom, you comfortable up there?"

Yue Li was still on his back. He was holding her by the thigh while her hands wrapped around his neck in a gentle chokehold. Others might have felt some discomfort, but his body was quite strong, and his skin was far stronger.

Smiling, Yue Li said, "Comfortable, quite comfortable, in fact so comfortable I hope you would drop me in bed instead of making me walk."

Han Li smiled wryly and looked at Liyue and Li Yao, Li Yao was a bit tipsy, but she was fine because of Liyue's shoulder.

"Liyue, you guys should sleep with us today; it's been a while since we did that," Han Li said to them while pulling the mother on his back a little more comfortably seated. Her thighs and whole body were warm, and her breath gently hitting his cheeks made him remember how beautiful it was to have her back.

"Okay, big brother," Liyue was quite cheery today but bitterly looked at her mother. "But we both stink of wine; it might be better if we slept like usual."

Han Li felt something cold traveling through the edges of his ears and gulped but said regardless, "Wine doesn't stink; just wash your mother's face and come back, and bring some tea with you."

Yue Li, on the other hand, wasn't bothered at all about maintaining her image and started licking his ears from the back; her tongue gently moved around it, and then she did the same thing again.

"Tea… okay," Liyue said quickly and walked to the kitchen with her mother. Her face was red, and her eyes were starry still. 'Mother Yue is really, really bold.'

Han Li, on the other hand, looked back at his mother with a smile. "What might you be up to?"

Yue Li smiled seductively at him with a helpless expression.

"I sold you my body early morning, remember?" she asked, resting her chin comfortably on his shoulder and looking at Han Li with a red face—alcohol was working wonders to enhance her beauty.

"So?" Han Li gently asked and walked into his room.

Yue Li kissed his cheeks and said, "So my baby can have me do anything he wishes. I am all yours. All of your perverted dreams can be fulfilled!"

The curtains in the room danced in the wind while Han Li's heart skipped a beat. He loosened his hold over her and let her fall on the bed. She looked at him with anticipation: what will her son do to her today?

Han Li locked the windows with a click and looked back at his mother. His eyes roamed through her body and clothes. Her usually well-maintained clothes were now roughed up after being carried by him all the way, her face was red, and her eyes were focused on him—her hands were open for him in invitation.

He walked towards her and leaned his face closer to hers; he smelled the unique scent of wine mixed with her coarse breath. She looked at him dead in the eye and asked, "What do you want to do, baby?"

She could feel his hands locking both of her hands to her sides while his legs held her legs at bay. She couldn't move at all. But that only made her heart beat rapidly.

It was her son. He was locking her up and binding her movements. He was enjoying her every tremble; he was looking at her like a precious gem. She could feel it, the strong feeling of security that she had never—she could never—feel with any other person.

And more than anything, her son was going to embrace her like he always did. He was going to make her his, he was going to fill her up. He was going to make her whole.

Han Li took a whiff of his mother's feminine scent.

"I can do anything, right?" he asked curiously.

"Once you healed me, there was nothing you weren't allowed to do. Not that you were acting in any way restrained… fufu~" Yue Li looked up at him eagerly and nodded.

Han Li began to undo her clothes while she shifted on the bed to make it easier. The bedsheets rustled as her upper robe was removed.

"Yes, there is no need for any restraint between us," Han Li looked at her face. "But what I want to do today more than anything is to just have sex like usual. I always have sex partly to gain Energy, but today, we will do it just to enjoy one another."

Caressing his chest with her pearly hands, they traveled to Han Li's penis and touched it through the clothes.

"You're hard!" Yue Li proudly said while undoing his pants. He didn't bother for his dick to come out and stared at her boobs: Big milky boobs that were filled to the brim and pink areolas, and erotic erect nipples.

He was about to fondle them, but Yue Li held his hand. "Xiao Li, can I do anything with you like you do anything with me?"

Han Li would have said otherwise if her heart wasn't the way it was now.

"Yes, you can do anything," he said with a sigh. He knew what was about to happen.

Yue Li smiled and asked with a seductive voice, "Can I for once do it? I know you don't want me to, but I really want to."

Han Li sighed. With a smile, Yue Li shifted under him, and soon, what he was looking at was not her beautiful boobs but a clothed crotch instead. He could see a small patch of wetness on it, too.

Yue Li immediately began to undo his pants while Han Li looked at that patch of wetness and leaned his head down to lick it. Yue Li trembled, and her thighs tightened around Han Li's head while he began to lick her there as if in vengeance.

His tongue drew a line on her wet vaginal slit, and as the salty and wet sensation became prominent in his mouth, he scoffed and pushed his teeth on her robe: he tore it easily, and her wet, erotic pussylips were revealed to him, looking welcoming to the extreme.

But more than that sensation was the sensation of a cold and silky tongue wrapping around his cock hesitantly at first and soon starting to cover it in its slick and motherly juices. He trembled all over, his face reddened, and he dug his head into her vagina.

Yue Li could also feel a slick and dominating tongue enter her holes and gently attack her insides. She moaned, "Mmmmmnnnn~"

But as she moaned, she started to lick his hard cock from all sides, and finally, with a plop, put it into her mouth. Han Li could feel the warmth of his mother's mouth around his cock for the first time. He tightly clasped her thighs and stopped sucking her pussy juices.

He breathed heavily and loosened his hold over her thighs while spreading it to show him her pussy more clearly, she widened it herself to make it more accessible, and swallowing his saliva, he began to just lick her plainly while feeling all his penis get gently devoured by his mother like a lollipop.

She was very much an amateur but just the fact that the mouth which had always spoken sweet things and always kissed him affectionately was now devouring his dick like the sweetest delicacy in the world with eyes filled with nothing but love… he couldn't help but feel helpless.

He couldn't help but moan.

Yue Li was having all her hairs rise in excitement due to his weird feeling of helplessness and started to suck even more feverishly. 'Cum, baby, cum in your mama's mouth!'

She pushed the cock in for as much as she could and then began to take it into her throat slightly. It hurt a bit, but it was nothing for her body after all the training. She wanted her son inside her as much as possible today when he had for the first time, allowed her to do it.

She wanted to make him unable to say no to her mouth. She wanted to make her son addicted to her mouth. She wanted to make him moan more.

Han Li took a deep breath and wryly rested his face on her feminine-smelling vagina. "I can't hold on…"

His hard cock shivered inside her mouth and trembled, and his juices exploded inside her. Her eyes widened, but she put in even more effort and let all of his manliness flow into her mouth and into her throat.

She readily, greedily, swallowed it.

Taking a deep breath, Han Li stood where he was for a while and then shifted his body immediately, taking out his cock at the same time. "Mom… that's cruel of you…" he said with a sigh while starting to finger her vagina.

She swallowed the last bit of cum in her mouth and looked at him, fingering her with a tired and sweaty face.

"Cruel?" she asked, excited.

She had never thought it would make him so helpless against her advances.

"I…" Han Li sighed again. It was not that big of a deal seeing her this excited and, for the first time, being dominated in the bed by his mom, but it still made him feel a bit irked.

His mother's mouth was so damn beautiful, so damn enticing… and they were used to do something so… lowly…

"Idiot," Yue Li chuckled and climbed on his waist, then she smilingly rubbed his weakened cock between her pussy, making it immediately stand up. Then, with a smile, she made it gently enter her vagina…

The rest was all blurry in Han Li's mind. He remembered thrusting, he remembered... feeling good. And then, he remembered falling asleep.

Did his mother use him till he was drained?

He was pretty sure, Yes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 - 110: Slice of Life till the Soul's awake.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Stretching his back along with the sun's rising light, Han Li looked at Liyue walking to the backyard with a sleepy face and a still stooping head.

"You are late, Liyue." He Laughed.

He was naked above the torso and was also sweating. He had already warmed up slightly. While beside him was Yue Li, who was playing with a piece of wood, slowly carving it using her small knife.

She was so focused she didn't even feel Yue Li's appearance.

Han Li sat down, smiled at that, and looked back at Liyue while taking a fresh breath of the morning mist. She shook her head to clear the grogginess and moved beside a wooden bucket: taking the cold water, she washed her face and brushed. Then, she moved to the side and brought her trusted stick—spear—while skipping on her feet to stand in front of him.

"Ready?" he asked.

She nodded.

"Where is your mother?" he asked again.

She wryly smiled. "She is still asleep, big brother… I really tried to wake her up, but she kicked me out and went back to sleep."

"That lazy ass woman, she really needs some teaching," cursing, he asked, "So, why didn't you guys come to sleep with us after I told you to? We waited for you for quite a while."

Liyue cleared her throat, and her morning face blushed.

"We really did come to your room, but on the door… we heard… uhm, noises?"

Her face was reddy, but she still ended her words confidently.

"Oh…" Han Li thought back to yesterday and couldn't help but feel a bit amused. Yesterday was a really weird night for him; he didn't really know what happened after his mother used her mouth.

It was as if the rest of the night had gotten blurry. He remembered her moaning and him thrusting, but it was still very blurry. All he could say was he had enjoyed yesterday beyond any sexual experiences he had ever had in all of his lives.

"…who was making these so-called… noises?" he asked, feeling even more amused at the feeling of shame in his heart. Such things were so childish and new.

Did his heart still have space for such humane things?

Liyue pushed back a strand of hair and looked down.

Han Li couldn't help but snicker in amusement. "So I really was making sounds in bed all night?"

Even Yue Li heard his laugh and looked up from the wood. "Ah, Xiao Li, you won't believe how many noises you made!" she said with a laugh.

She felt so refreshed today. She could also focus much better on her carving.

Whoever said emotions couldn't affect their motivation with enough discipline must have been more stupid than her. She was so motivated today she could run five marathons if it came to it.

Liyue looked at Yue Li and wondered how she had grown so much bolder in a day with a starry gaze. On the other hand, Han Li squinted at his Mom, filled with a bit of irritation.

"You work on that sculpture. You know what? You are so worse in comparison to our Little Liyao, Humph. You just watch as she surpasses you."

Yue Li looked at him with a similar squint. "Are you sure, Xiao Li? I think my heart healed already. And guess what? I am quite… talented."

Han Li raised an eyebrow. 'Healed your heart?'

He could certainly see some difference, but he was pretty sure a broken Heart of Cultivation wouldn't be healed that easily. So that meant she was making some progress in regaining her confidence.

'Did dominating me in bed really give her that much confidence?' Han Li assessed with even more amusement growing in him. "Really, Mom? You think your heart is on the rise?"

Nodding proudly, Yue Li scoffed. "What Heart of Cultivation this and that, you guys really don't know what depression is. I was just depressed, and I felt fresh after yesterday. You bet I won't feel so down from now."

Han Li rubbed his jaws and nodded. "Let's see how long that lasts. If you last for more than a week, I'll let you do it again."

"What?" Yue Li snorted at him. "You're not gonna let me do it otherwise?"

Han Li shrugged.

"Once was by mistake, no longer letting you do that."

Feeling wronged, she stared at him and then, with another snort, began to sculpt again. I'll show you in the bed tonight.

Liyue was curious about what they were talking about but decided not to speak. But Han Li stared at her with a knowing glance, and she smiled wryly.

"What are you people talking about, Mother?" she asked curiously.

Han Li smirked while Yue Li looked at him while rolling her eyes. "Come here, Liyue," she said.

Liyue moved near her and leaned her ears down.

Yue Li whispered something, and Liyue's face reddened all the way to her neck. "You did such a thing?"

Yue Li took a deep breath and nodded.

She had decided not to hold herself back while thinking about others now. If she wanted to hug Xiao Li, she would do it. If she wanted someone out of her son's life, she would demand it. She would act how she wanted to.

Who cared about what others thought anyway? From now on, she was going to live the way she liked. And honestly, she liked Liyue being in Han Li's life. It was just that it made her severely insecure the past few days, and she didn't like 'that' much.

Moreover, the realization that she was a disgusting person who felt jealous of her own son's fiancee made her feel disgusted at herself, but that had also settled now. What she wanted now was to feel like the past herself—carefree.

Seeing her actions, Han Li squinted in curiosity. 'Did she really… heal her heart?'

No way it was that simple.

He remembered having his Heart broken like hers after running away, watching his loved one die, and then having that stay that way for the next 7 years. Only then did he embrace the demonic path—benefits above human feelings.

That Heart then evolved after he came back in time—becoming a heart that aimed for benefits while prioritizing his own humanness. A heart that still strived for growth.

And even though he knew his mother's heart wasn't broken to that extent, it didn't make sense to heal that easily. He still had to do what he had promised her in order to feel comfortable.

They then began the training like always.

.

.

.

Days moved away just like that, and Han Li's steadfastness in not letting her use her mouth again really made Yue Li frustrated. But she held on with that motivation, and soon, it would be the 7th day since he promised he would let her do it if she lasted.

The wood in her hand got carved off of another layer and soon started to show some shape. There were a bunch of other failed products beside her, but this one had finally begun to look like something: it was a small home.

Liyue, on the other hand, was looking straight at Han Li's eyes with a face filled with excitement. It was morning, just the moment the birds woke up to coo, but her past few months of effort had finally borne fruit.

"I am serious, Liyue. You now have the High-Level Awakened Proficiency in Spear."

Liyue's eyes grew moist, and the stick, so perfectly cut to act like a spear felt heavy now. While beside her was Li Yao, who was looking at her with a really proud expression.

"Xiao Li, what does it mean to have reached that level in the spear?" Yue Li asked curiously.

Han Li looked sideways at her from his seat—the grassy ground—and wondered again: 'Does she really no longer feel insecure? No way her heart healed that easily.'

He shook his head and stood up. "That means, Mom. Liyue now has all things basic about the spear down to an immaculate level. She can move the spear along with her body, it is one with her. For example…"

He took a small stone and threw it at Liyue at a moderately fast speed. It was a blur but clearly visible to the Eye.

It was the sort of throw that people could see and immediately defend with their hands. But the rock was too small for something like a spear to do that quickly, but with a simple, graceful shift of her hand, the stick rotated, and the rock was thrown back at Han Li, who caught it easily.

"This is the base of her ability, Liyue, to dance on the Spear," Han Li said with shining eyes.

Yue Li and Li Yao watched with wide eyes as Liyue did exactly that with a smile on her face.

They couldn't even begin to explain what it looked like. It was as if the spear was moving while Liyue vanished as if she had become the spear. As if they were already pierced.

Han Li smiled. "I knew it when you asked me that question about the Spear a while ago, but you really are born for the spear."

The spear's stick stopped two inches away from his face and blasted the air away from it.

He smirked. She smirked.

"Confident, are you?" he asked, looking into her eyes.

She moved the spear aside and giggled. "Not really… I still think I will stutter in front of strangers…"

Yue Li and Li Yao clapped their hands while Han Li shook his head.

"Now is the real test, though," his eyes grew serious. "Anyone could become High-level in anything as long as they trained enough and were enough talented. But only the chosen can ever become Masters."

Liyue also grew serious and nodded studiously.

Han Li looked at his mother's half-complete house and looked back at her carefree face. She wasn't far from reaching High, either.

He then looked at Li Yao, who was sitting on a chair with a lazy face.

Just as he was about to speak, he could feel some Energy finally enter his Empty Space after all this time. His Dao Soul was back from its vacation.

His red eyes calmly shined. "It is really a day for celebrations. Li Yao—"

"Mother-in-law for you," she lazily replied.

Han Li looked at her condescendingly. "It's really time I fix your laziness up."

She frowned and grew defensive.

"Don't worry," Han Li shook his head. "It is time for you to enjoy your lazing around. You will have to wait for a while."

She was confused, but he didn't explain.

He looked at all three of them and thought.

'It is time I started my training.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 - 111: Yue Li's lips (R18*)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After their morning training, with Li Yao just being a silent viewer, the three joined together in the kitchen, and Yue Li cooked up a quick breakfast. And, of course, that was quickly devoured.

All throughout the events, Yue Li was looking at Han Li with a challenging expression, while Liyue looked at that with a blush. She knew what Han Li had promised a week ago, and Yue LI did the same.

Honestly, in their alone times in bed, Yue Li had been trying a lot to make him agree to the use of her mouth in their usual mother-son time, and he had always shut her down. Even when she covertly brought her face closer when he was asleep, he had woken up and spanked her all night.

Yes, she had actually been spanked some days ago. By her own son, whom she had spanked so much when he was young. He spanked her till her ass was red and then fucked her to sleep.

The cruel bastard.

Han Li ignored her challenging gaze, though. And when the breakfast was over, began a conversation about celebrating Liyue's Proficiency rising.

In the end, they decided to have a great banquet tonight with some great food—expensive sort—and then they also began to loosen up. It was then that they moved their separate ways.

Usually, they trained till breakfast and then trained again till lunch—to then rest for a few hours. In between, Han Li and Yue Li took time off to do their 'cultivation.' Which had just been pure intercourse between the parent-son duo for a while due to Han Li's Dao Soul being inactive. Of course, for Yue Li, it was all the same.

She got dominated by her son as usual and then, sometime later, walked to the bathroom with trembling legs to change clothes. Then, the resting time was also another moment that they enjoyed their alone time before going to sleep.

Which ended in the evening for tea, then some simple exercises and some recreational activities till it was time for an early bed. They woke up early and slept early, too. Voiding the fact that most of the time, Han Li and Yue Li had far less sleep in comparison to the other two.

As the eating was finished and Li Yao responsibly began to wash dishes, Liyue went to help. Like a filial daughter should. While Yue Li sat beside Han Li and murmured in his ears: "I just checked in the morning, and my butt is still red from all your spanking. You scoundrel, even sitting hurts a bit."

Han Li gently inserted his hands into her pants and said coolly, "Your fault for trying to take advantage of your own poor sleeping son."

Yue Li was stunned at him putting his hand into her pants in the kitchen and almost yelped, but she didn't in the end and just closed her eyes to feel his fingers move. Luckily, both LIyue and Li Yao didn't look towards them and seemed to be speaking about something important.

"Want me to make you moan now?" he asked with a smirk.

She shook her head desperately.

"I thought you didn't care about people's thoughts," he smirked, and one of his fingers gently entered her vagina while starting to move around.

She clasped her mouth with her hand and stared at him with a blush. He shook his head and took out his hand. Licking off the liquid in it, he teased, "You can take advantage of me while I can't? Heh, not so easily."

Cursing him inside her mind, she looked at him and said viciously, "If you didn't do what you promised today, forget about ever sharing a bed with me. I will never let you touch my body."

Han Li looked at her mockingly. "Can you last more than a day like that?"

He knew she was an easy person to get addicted to something. Not to mention something like intercourse with him—with the added benefit of his Seduction Talent.

Both of them then silently snuck away amidst their banter with each other while Liyue and Li Yao exchanged an awkward glance. This mother and son knew no shame.

Soon, before Yue Li could even notice, she was alone in her room with Han Li on her back, pushing her down on the bed while her ass was raised in invitation. Taking off her clothes, he spread her asscheeks and looked at the puckered and sexy butthole with a loving gaze while his mother gave his cock a hungry glance.

Yes, the rest went as expected.

He was not one to go against his words when it came to his mother; they moved into a nice position, with his face near her crotch and hers near his while she was above his chest—it was the sacred 69.

He ate her asshole, rimming it with his tongue first while she grew sexually charged and began to give him a handjob. She knew he wouldn't be able to suck her to satisfaction when she sucked his, she didn't want to waste the precious opportunity. She wanted to get it all.

He grows entirely weak when she uses her mouth.

He used his tongue to lick her all around and gave her a small spank, too, while at the same time, she kissed his cock gently while moving her hand up and down as if the hand was a replacement for her own pussy.

Han Li stiffened every time her lips so much as grew close to her dick, and when she kissed, he paused. She enjoyed how vulnerable he appeared and used the chance to torture his nerves to the fullest. There was one time he was rimming her butt when she used her tongue to lick his shaft area gently.

He had grown so stiff she could feel his tongue shivering inside her butt.

When she was about to repeat that for another time, though, he shifted his hips and gently made his dick's head enter her mouth. He was so gentle and hesitant she could feel it, but since he did show courage, she smiled and gently began to give him his deserved blowjob.

Han Li immediately grew lightheaded and airy.

His angelic mother was licking his dick again like it was the most precious thing she had ever seen. It was… otherworldly.

But he was no normal guy. He held the lust back and began to lick her ass while he was at it. Yue Li was irritated she couldn't make him entirely defenseless like the previous time and began to lick him in weird ways.

She didn't know how, but she focused on how much his body trembled when she licked where and moved her tongue accordingly, and before he knew it, Han Li was defenseless to her mouth again.

He desperately but gently bit her asscheeks while his face reddened, and before he knew it, he was enjoying the best of all vices—his mother's blowjob.

She wasn't the best he had felt at this.

She wasn't the most skilled at it either.

But whatever the case was, she was beyond anything he had experienced. There was this edge to her mouth that nothing had.

He didn't even know it when he came into her mouth, and she swallowed it with a proud smirk. He just knew he enjoyed it a lot. He just knew that his mind, which was so strong, was so weak to this apparently simple thing.

He just knew he needed to get more training in this field.

He just knew that this was all that he wanted in this life.

For this to forever remain this way.

"Mom…" he exclaimed, and once more, his liquid exploded, but this time, it was on her face since she had just taken it out.

Feeling drenched but not too irritated, she looked at him with a dirtied face.

Han Li looked at her with a guilty face and immediately moved and began to clean her with a towel. "I didn't mean to do that," he justified.

Yue Li let him clean her face and looked at him weirdly. "You are so weird. Once you want me to let you fuck me. I did. Then you don't want me to suck your dick, I didn't. Then you lose in a challenge and enjoy it a lot, and I enjoy it too.

Why are you so hesitant? I am okay… you know…?"

Han Li cleaned her cheeks and asked with a frown. "Okay, with what?"

Yue Li wasn't so shy and spoke directly. "I was pretty excited a second ago, and I don't mind you losing control. What are you so worried about in the first place? I am your mom, you know that, right? As you have said many times before, we don't have any boundaries…"

Han Li paused but cleaned her entire face and fell back on the bed. "Let's train like usual now. That is easier to gain points," he said.

Yue Li shook her head and climbed on his dick. "Whatever that you say, but well, you better do what you promised soon."

"I will," he promised.

"But Xiao Li, you really are quite childish," she smiled, "Still like my little boy."

Han Li couldn't help but be amused. He was 500 years old plus a bit more.

"Let's train," he said with a wry smile.

Yue Li shrugged it off and began to ride him.

They enjoyed it a lot.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 - 112: A lesson must to teach. To learn.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was morning.

Not the time that people usually wake up. It was exactly hours before the actual sunrise, and the humid place was full of a wide variety of sounds. Everything was totally dark still, but a faint smell of blood permeated behind Han Li's backyard.

On the verdant, wet grass that had barely ever had the need to survive the winds, hot blood splattered and then mixed with the soil. Usually, anguished cries should have been echoing now, but Han Li held the chicken's mouth in an iron hold.

Not to mention squeaking, it couldn't even move.

His eyes reflecting the crimson that briefly flashed, he looked at Liyue. She was there, holding the makeshift spear—but something was different. At the end of the sharp stick was no longer sharply carved wood. Instead, it was an iron-like Raven feather sharpened to the extremes.

But more than that.

The Feather was dripping with blood. Under the full moon's veil, it seemed like a horrifying weapon that had just slayed. And it was exactly that.

But Han Li was hardly interested in that. He looked at Liyue's face, pale like paper and filled with disgust, fear, and swirling emotions. She had killed.

"Brot…Brother Han…" She spoke till there, and her stomach spun, making her stumble and vomit.

Silently, Han Li looked at her fearful self, groveling down and crying as her tears leaked down.

"Do you hate me?" he asked.

She didn't reply and just silently kept retching while her tears streaked down.

"This is how it is, Liyue. The world is no sweet honey and gentle kisses. It is no peaceful place."

Her hands trembled. Her own face had a lot of blood streaking through it. She really was struggling.

'Wouldn't big brother give me a hand?' she sobbed.

Han Li looked at her and shook his head. "Liyue, I know what you're experiencing since I have been through it myself. This is nothing. Today, you killed that chicken, and I watched it coldly. I might have made you kill it, but that doesn't matter. In the end, it had died; only that matters."

She began to breathe heavily while feeling her whole body weaken.

"Tomorrow? It might be somebody else from some faraway land who orders to kill us while looking coldly like I looked at that chicken. Powerless things have no meaning to the world, Liyue. If you are dead, even if you were the Emperor or just a fly, it won't matter; you're dead. And the world is filled with people ready to kill you and me."

Liyue looked up at Han Li's crimson gaze. She was an Awakened; she could see well in the dark, even if the moonlight didn't brighten his cold face.

He had never been this cold and critical to her.

"Liyue, always keep in mind. The whole world would kill us if they so much as get a single reason. We have to be strong. One day, if with all your strength, someone comes to kill you, your mother, even me and my mother, what will you do?"

Liyue didn't have an answer; she was incapable of thinking at this moment.

"Your hands will tremble as you see a young-looking person right in front of you, ready to tear you apart and drink your blood. But his won't. Your body will hesitate to take your first blood, but Demons love the taste of blood. They won't hesitate.

"They won't hesitate to kill you, they won't hesitate to rape you. And they won't hesitate to kill me either. To them, everyone and everything is the same, mere tools usable for their own well-being. They wouldn't wait to see you harden your heart. You will be dead before you know it."

Liyue looked at him with a weak face. "But won't I have Big Brother…" she breathed heavily, "to protect me?"

Han Li looked at her.

He would have rather kept her innocence intact and would have never let her touch blood. But there was no spear meant not to draw blood. He was not that naive either—the world was cruel when you least expect it to be.

"What if I am the one being about to be ambushed from the back, and you are the only one who could help me survive?" he asked.

She looked at him with a helpless look. "But… is the world really that cruel? It is so peaceful…"

Han Li squatted down to her level and, with a towel, began to rub the blood off her face.

"For ambition, men can even kill their own kids. If you don't eat, you will be eaten. I don't think I am that special, Liyue, you know what? I have already killed humans, many times, in fact. To protect, to just get rid of annoyances, to gain benefits more than anything. And just like that, they could kill me if they are better than me, too.

I could kill, and I accept the fact that I could be killed for no reason, too. It is a natural process."

Liyue felt her heartbeat calming down but fear rising.

"There is no place for emotions like hatred at the core of the Cultivation world. If they killed you, they were just better than you. So what you do is to be always prepared. To always know your place, always to be stronger than the circumstances we put ourselves in."

Liyue looked at him. Her heart was calming down.

Han Li wiped the last bit of blood from her face and sighed. "Look, Liyue, if someone is snatching something that can save all of our lives, and we need it desperately, and they need it too, and even if they are righteous people, they would kill you if you were desperate enough. But we don't need to have revenge for that, that just meant you were weak, and they were strong.

What we should do is be ready to be the victors at all times."

Liyue gulped. "I don't understand…"

Han Li pushed away a strand of hair sticking to her face because of the last remnant of blood and cleaned that part, too. "I am not telling you to go kill indiscriminately or something. I am telling you to have a sword while keeping it sheathed. When it is absolutely necessary, regret shouldn't be your only companion. When you need it, you must have the power of choice."

"So, will I have to kill humans someday, too?" she asked while holding his free hand.

"Yes, you might have to," Han Li threw aside the bloody towel and nodded.

Huffing out a deep breath, Liyue nodded, and the spear in her hand was put down. Han Li helped her stand up, and then with a smile, he princess carried her towards the bathroom.

It was early, way early in the morning, to be killing chickens, but he had wanted to do this when Liyue had no one looking at her other than himself. It was true that he accepted her into his heart as one of his women and a weakness that he was willing to bear till death, but that didn't mean he was okay with keeping her as a weak vase.

She was her own individual. She was someone he was willing to let grow slowly.

But he knew, for her own well, this was what should happen now. She will slowly figure out her own heart, and if she went through such things now, she wouldn't have to suffer nearly as much as he had to in the previous life.

He could see her pale face gradually regaining some color and soon becoming normal.

She could be a very tough woman even though she hardly ever seemed so. She had looked after her sick mother for years without uttering a single word after all.

"Big Brother, I had always known people held wicked intentions sometimes…" she murmured. "I had had dreams too, dreams about me or Mom being kidnapped or being coveted by some villains. Mom is quite a beautiful woman, you know, right?"

Han Li nodded.

"And I had always woke up startled as the villains were about to have their way. I never had a way to respond… that's why the spear was a great thing for me. From the first day you handed it to me, I loved it. But now am I finally seeing why I loved the spear in the first place."

Han Li smiled as they entered the bathroom. "Why was it?"

"I hated weakness quite a lot, in fact, far more than Mother Yue or my mom would ever understand. I just never knew one thing…" She paled once more.

"But today, I learned that Brother Han, I hate myself for having killed such an innocent creature. And I still have not entirely come to terms with everything you have told me. I feel like crying a lot… but…" her voice broke. "I also think that crying for something I've killed is very hypocritical."

Han Li gently let her down and tightly hugged her. "I know one thing: the world is quite cold, but a family makes it worthy of being survived. It is warmer then."

Liyue looked at him and said. "Please never make me kill anything innocent that never harmed us."

Han Li nodded. He could feel that she was trembling all over.

But it was fine, hating herself for a while was also fine. It was something that she would have to go through. Better now than too late.

He helped her undress, and then gently laid her into a wooden bathtub filled with warm water. Then, he got naked himself and entered the bathtub beside her. Usually, he would have done something erotic after finally seeing her naked again after so long, but he didn't, she laid against his chest and then slowly went to sleep.

He kissed the top of her head and in the dark morning, drifted into his thoughts.

He really hoped she wouldn't change as a person after today. He hoped she would retain her original heart.

With a sigh, he looked at his hand with Life Vision. Today, he had exactly enough Minor Dao Crystals to transform his Skin completely. It was the culmination of months of effort from him, Yue Li, and Li Yao. But mostly him and Yue Li.

Li Yao was mostly goofing around, while occasionally they did have their nights, it was rarer in comparison to having them with his mom. Which was not too rare, atleast thrice a week.

"Big Brother," Liyue suddenly opened her eyes, "we should give the chicken a burial after we bathe."

Her mind had been too drifted to think of it earlier.

Han Li nodded.

She comfortably laid on his chest while once again closing her eyes as if in sleep. But deep down, she couldn't help but think.

'Big Brother Han had killed humans before…'

She didn't know how that changed her perception of her perfect Big Brother.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 - 113: Skin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

cock-a-doodle-doo

The noise of a chicken's call for the morning echoed out loudly as the sleeping people of Han Li's household. Namely Yue Li and Li Yao, woke up.

Irritatedly clenching her pillows, Li Yao screamed: "That thing is so! So irritating!"

She had been attempting to fall asleep for a while, but it just won't stop its fucking SCREAMS!

JUST STOP!

Calming down, she rose from her bed and found she was alone. Rubbing her eyes, she looked around wryly. As usual, she was late.

…

Han Li and Liyue were in the backyard, and it was already fully clean of the blood and very well maintained again. They had buried the dead chicken and didn't eat it, sadly so. But Han Li was fine letting her keep her own moral codes.

Everybody was not him, and not everyone had to see chickens as merely food. They could see them as innocent creatures that they had killed for the first time.

But, of course, he was also a teacher. He taught Liyue the deep hypocrisy in the mere act.

To eat chickens that others had killed till today and not eat one when she was the one who killed it? Quite the human act.

Liyue was embarrassed and rather disconcerted but still nodded. Yes, she was someone who was welcome to growth and change.

As for the chicken that was making the noise?

Han Li looked at the one remaining chicken that he hadn't murdered.

It was jumping around the backyard and then clucking relentlessly. But it casually ate away all the worms around—that was good, at least. He had the urge to murder it already, though. Not because he was feeling murderous, but the occasional glance that Liyue looked at it with didn't seem right.

She seemed rather protective of the little shit. Having a benevolence in her gaze.

'I should get rid of it when I get the chance,' he thought.

But then shook his head.

"Liyue, how do you feel?" he asked.

Liyue stretched and said with a sigh. "After digging that grave and bathing, I do feel refreshed. But kinda also feel like I don't want to work."

Han Li ruffled her hair and said, "Don't worry about it too much. It is just a chicken. They die all the time."

Liyue looked at him with a weird glance and nodded.

Han Li saw it and coughed lightly while Yue Li and Li Yao got out and began brushing.

"It is already shining skies. You guys really are early," Han Li said with a lot of sarcasm, patting Liyue's shoulder. "Look at her. She didn't even get to sleep yesterday."

Li Yao and Yue Li were stunned and looked up at them from their languid positions.

Han Li smiled.

Liyue blushed slightly and looked away. Making the other two have gaping mouths.

"You guys really did it?" Li Yao asked with a rather confused face.

Liyue was about to speak when Han Li smiled.

She smiled slightly, too, and looked at both of their mothers with a meaningful expression.

"Aizzz…" Li Yao sighed. "I can at least get a grandson or daughter in my life, I guess."

Yue Li looked at them suspiciously and said, "Li Yao, they are not joking. I really feel like there is something different about Liyue."

Li Yao also nodded with an old sigh. "Even you noticed, she really seemed to have lost her chastity, your scoundrel son."

"They haven't even married, though," Yue Li said while squinting. Her son wasn't one to be so impatient.

"You don't have to steam your head," Han Li looked at them and said coolly. "Liyue seduced me at night, and I just couldn't hold back. Who would have thought she was so…"

Liyue gasped and looked at Han Li. "Big Brother, I never…"

"Then what about the time in the bathtub? Sleeping beside me naked and softly gliding your hand through my chest…gently whispering. What was all that if not seduction?"

Blushing furiously, she spoke back, "But that was because I didn't notice, and it was, it was…just because I was sad. I didn't mean to seduce you!"

Han Li laughed at her fuming face filled with injustice and asked again. "You do know what was poking your thighs when you slept so soundly, right?"

Her face became like a tomato, and she moved to close off his mouth. Clasping them with her jade palms, she looked at her mothers. "It is a joke! Really, it is just a joke! We hadn't done anything!"

Yue Li nodded to herself while Li Yao asked with a palm on her cheek, "So are you telling you guys slept naked together and nothing happened?"

Han Li gently unclasped Liyue's hand from his mouth and twisted her body into a gentle embrace. She was fuming with embarrassment, but Han Li simply kissed her, and she could only endure the embarrassment.

She didn't lose the chance to bite his tongue with all her power, though. She knew it wouldn't hurt him no matter what anyway, and Han Li laughed it off after the kiss.

She looked at him with a red face and then hid behind him, hiding her face from the two mothers for a bit. He had indeed kissed her in quite an erotic manner. That rarely happened in front of her parents.

"Whatever, you lovebirds, why don't we butcher this chicken and make some soup for now?" Li Yao looked at the chicken and asked, "It looks quite plump."

Han Li smirked while Liyue's eyes widened. "Mom!"

Li Yao looked at her, understanding the reason for the outcry; she shrugged.

Yue Li also looked at the chicken rather poorly. "These chickens are good things, one a girl and another a boy. My Xiao Li brought it to me as a gift. How dare you eye its meat. Both of them are our pets now!"

This time, it was Han Li's time to be stunned.

"What gift? I bought it to cook?"

Yue Li looked at him, stunned.

…

After a lot of here and there, Han Li was alone in his room with his Mom again.

He smiled at the fuming woman in his lap, crazily looking at him with a face full of anger.

"You better let me suck it again today or I won't forgive you at all!"

Han Li shook his head. He had rarely ever let her do that after the previous time he lost to her, and every time his resistance to that increased; her skill in doing it did alongside.

This woman's talent in pleasing her son was no joke. No wonder he was obsessed with her.

"Mom, I am about to show you something amazing. Look with wide eyes and do not miss any detail, it is quite a profound event."

Yue Li was curious now and she looked at his face.

Han Li gently let her go and she was then told to stay a bit further away, which she did.

It was the beginning time of the 11th Month. Autumn was in full swing. The bright light of the autumn sun streamed in through the windows and shone on Han Li's face, making it seem as if he was on fire.

She looked at him with even more curiosity as Han Li closed his eyes.

It had been more than two months since the day the West Abundant Wind passed by. Today, finally, he had enough crystals to complete his Skin Transformation.

Inside his Empty Space, the shining red star-like crystals moved towards his god-like Dao Soul and melded into its skin. Outside, the faint hymn of a bell seemed to emanate from his body, and Yue Li focused her ears to listen, but it vanished as easily as it appeared.

Han Li's crimson gaze slowly opened themselves, and his body started to quake. The beds trembled slightly while he himself seemed to be trembling with immense power.

Slowly, all of Han Li's skin transformed into a pure bronze color—filled with a dangerous but vigorous aura. Yue Li was stunned as his gem-like clear gaze focused on her. In the middle of his forehead, a small, almost unclear red mole appeared, and his skin seemed to sizzle in electricity for a while.

The room grew hot.

Han Li released his breath.

"The skin of the Lust Demon, now it belongs to me," He said calmly as he looked around. His skin itself was breathing now, allowing more Energy of the world to enter his Empty Space more rapidly.

If he could have absorbed 5 Crystals passively every week till now, he could now gain at least 7 to 8 every week. But that was just minor stuff.

What was important was his skin. It was the perfect skin. The type of skin Transformation type cultivators had. The type that no normal attack could hurt.

His eyes grew calm, and he looked at his hands.

It was slightly vibrating.

It was the power of slight vibrations.

His skin could vibrate whenever he wished to. It was a very strong power, even if it didn't seem so at first. Even though it was far worse than the bodily changes that Transformation-type cultivators had, like the whole bone body stuff the Bone Boy had and the sharp feathers that Kevin Raven used to have, it was still useful when added with weapons or used well.

A trembling sword could cut deeper.

He forgot about that and turned on his [Life Vision].

This was not the limit of the skin's prowess, he knew.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 - 114: Life's High Tide
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He used [Life Vision]

The immediate information was a whole lot messy, so he connected the dots and removed the details that were currently unnecessary.

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Below Average Evolved Physique]

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin]

Nodding to himself, he smiled.

His [Body] had gone from Top-tier Mortal Physique to [Below Average Evolved Physique]. Even for the Transformation Path cultivators, the body doesn't grow much special in the Awakened Stage.

Similar to him, they had barely begun to Awaken their Sparks at that point, and their bodies were usually just mortal tier after eating the basic Magical Resources he had eaten in the past.

Rarely anyone even had Top-Tier Mortal Physiques among them, too.

So, an Awakened Level Physique was a non-existent concept. They were still mere mortals with just 100 years or so lifespan, after all, and their bodies weren't really anything better than Top-Tier Mortal physiques.

Even if they were, in fact, Transformation Path Awakened. So after Mortal, it was Evolved Physiques of the Transformation Path Cultivators that was everyone's one aim when it came to strengthening bodies.

And his body was just about at that level. How?

Even though it was just the Skin that had become similar to that of the once supreme Sacred Demon, it was not as simple as that.

Previously, his body always instinctually wouldn't use the full power it could honestly deliver. How could it let him when it knew he was about to punch a metal wall? Won't that just hurt himself?

So now that his skin was so strong, a lot of such limits were gone, and his body as a whole could be said to be stronger. It was quite the same throughout the refinement from 1% to 99%, but when it reached 100% completion, that changed.

In a sense, every part of the body complimented other parts.

His mom was looking at him curiously, but he didn't give heed to her curiosity for now and, instead, used a little bit of his power to punch the nearby wall. It trembled, and small cracks appeared all around it.

If he had used all his strength, it would have had a great level of cracks in it.

And he was not even at the level where normal Evolved of the Transformation Path were.

"Wow, Xiao Li, but don't actually break the house using all your strength," Yue Li glared at him as she caressed the cracks disapprovingly.

"That was not nearly my full strength," Han Li patted his mom's butt while saying mysteriously.

Yue Li asked, "But isn't having all that strength quite dangerous to us? What if you hurt us unknowingly?"

Han Li smiled. "Don't worry, that is not an issue. You will understand it when you reach my level."

Yue Li closed her eyes and focused her senses on his hands. He was gently squeezing her butt while talking about those serious stuff; he seemed to be in a really good mood.

Otherwise, he was so stiff when it came to her training. This was a first.

She would have usually tried to take advantage of the moment to make him let her have a lick or two, but no, she just silently let him do whatever he wanted, and he just silently squeezed her butt for a while.

Her butt was quite petite and very nice to hold. He moved to stand exactly behind her and gently wrapped her hand around her waist.

"Mom, I am quite happy today."

Yue Li felt his head rest on her shoulders and smiled. "My Xiao Li really loves strength, huh? Your mother is very proud of you."

Han Li shook his head. "I don't love power at all Mom, if you ask me if I want power or not, I will say I don't care about power."

Yue Li leaned against him and asked curiously. "Then why are you working so hard?"

"Your son has a great ambition, Mom," he said and picked Yue Li into the air. She flailed her hands gently but didn't move much. Han Li smiled and dropped her on the bed.

"What great Ambition?" she asked, filled with curiosity.

"You forgot what you called me an edge lord something for?" he asked as he crawled on the bed to have her under him.

"Ah, I remember something about controlling life and death… so you were serious?" she was a bit stunned.

"Yes, Mom." He exchanged a kiss with her beautiful lips. Breaking it, she looked at his red eyes peering into her.

"You know Mom? I can't accept the fact that one day, you could die. I don't want to accept it. So, I will grow stronger, stronger, and stronger. Till one day, death will have to ask me if I allow someone to die or live."

Yue Li's face grew rather… awed. Her son. He was so—

He kissed her again.

—precious.

This little mother fucker.

She broke out of her daze into another type of daze.

"That really is some grand ambitions," she muttered.

Han Li then looked at her with a smile.

"Yeah, we will be together. Nothing, even death, can't take me away from you. And so, what about we finally do what I promised?"

Yue Li looked at him with a face full of anticipation. "You will do it now?"

"I will do what I said today," he said while taking a gentle whiff of his mother's scent.

Yue Li grew a bit giddy with excitement and became silent. She just looked at him with a very eager glance.

He moved and took out the Demonic Lust Sutra, the ancient, dark book from the side and flipped to one of the yellowed pages.

'Skin Building, Tendon Stretching, Bone Forging, Blood Condensation, Flesh Transformation, Organ Strengthening, Physique Perfection.'

Skin Building was complete, now other than the last, Physique Perfection, he could choose any of them. He smiled and flipped to another page.

"Attain Organs similar to me by cultivating this method to perfection— Organ Strengthening." He briefly looked at the Sacred Demon's message and then skipped.

He tore the paper containing the technique and absorbed it into his Empty Space. 1

Then inside his Empty Space, the paper slowly flew into his Dao Soul and began to give it actual organs. Heart, Lungs, Brain, Liver, Kidneys, Stomach, Intestines, Pancreas, Spleen…

He chanted the Sutra while the process went on.

The Dao Soul recieved all human organs that were inside him and began to gently breathe as if it had come alive. At the same time, he looked at his hand with [Life Vision]

[Body: Below Average Evolved Physique]

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin]

[Organ Strengthening: 1% completion]

His red eyes shone as he opened them. There was no difference to the Dao Soul or his actual organs yet, but the initial transformation was always painful.

His mother looked up at his pained expression and her heart clenched.

He held on it for quite a long while but lost consciosness in the end. It not only changed the fundamental structure of the Dao Soul, his organs had also subtly changed. And the change will be completed to emulate the Sacred Demon's organs when it reaches completion.

After some half an hour, he woke up groggily to find his head resting on his mother's lap. She was gently caressing his head while laying on her back without a care.

He blinked.

And then breathed out heavily.

In the deepest of his heart, he could feel something stirring. Heart Qi1. It was even weaker than Level 1 Heart Qi that Transcendants had, but it was still Heart Qi. It had countless uses.

A power that only Transcendants have.

With a shining gaze, he looked at his mom.

She looked back at him. "You woke up, Xiao Li, I was worried, you know?"

Han Li shifted to the side and kissed her stomach. Then just comfortably lied like that for a long while.

Then, he looked at her.

"Mom, let's do it."

She gulped.

He sat up on the bed and took her hand into his.

Then, with a smile, moved his Heart Qi to connect with hers.

"Before I do what I promised, let's do something else. Let us bind our Hearts together."

"You told we needed some powerful people to do that?"

Han Li shook his head and gently connected his heart to hers.

"If we do this, I can leave a mark on you and it will be very easy for me to see you even from long distances. Even though not much as of now."

Yue Li was curious, so she nodded.

"Mom, I vow to be your filial son this entire life." It was a very simple vow.

Yue Li looked at him, she could feel an airy sensation in her heart. With a smile, she replied, "I vow to be your loving mother this entire life, the woman you can call home."

Having Heart Qi now, Han Li could feel a small mark of Heart Qi appear on his mother and himself. In his case, there were two marks.

One was the vow he had accepted with Yang Wei, one was this.

And in his senses, Yue Li was extremely clear. This was the use of loosely used vows, if it was something very limited by hundreds of conditions like the one with Yang Wei, they couldn't sense each other like this.

"Mom, let's finally do it."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115 - 115: Beyond reason
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mom, let's finally do it," Han Li said.

Yue Li didn't speak, but her anticipation was evident. He had promised this for a while now, and she really, really appreciated it.

It really felt wrong for him to do it, and she was probably supposed to say no to that no matter what, but she just couldn't do it. She couldn't say no to that.

She wanted him to do it.

She didn't mind doing the same to him in return, either.

She was also pretty sure—just like he was sure—that she would regain her confidence in herself fully after this, too.

Han Li comfortably carried his mother and placed her in a nice position atop the bed. She looked at him with anticipation but didn't tell him to do anything; in her deepest mind, she still felt this was rather wrong.

"It is nothing that serious, Mom," Han Li's soft, red gaze looked at her, and he shook his head, "I would have done this for no reason if you really wanted it. Since it will also heal your heart, it is a given I do it."

Yue Li looked away from him. "I will do it for you, too; I will feel guilty if you are the only one to do it."

"Absolutely no."

With a calm smile, he began to undress his mother's comfortable white clothes. She resisted: "I don't want you to do it if I am not allowed to do it."

Han Li didn't mind her resistance and forcefully undid the clothes with a grin. She could only look on with a red, fuming face at him as her clothes were all out and thrown to the side.

She was completely naked again. Standing in front of him defenselessly.

"You are so cruel Xiao Li, don't you care about my opinion now?" saying with a hiss, she tried to push him aside. But Han Li got between her legs and looked at her face from atop her while pinning her hands with his.

"You really want me to do it, but you still try to resist; what can I do?" she stopped flailing around and looked up at him with a red face. She was caught; she really wanted it.

"I…" she growled without a retort and then said as a last resort. "Then I want you to let me suck on your dick as much as I want, at least; I know you enjoy that too. That is fair."

Han Li was silent for a second before he leaned down and kissed her.

She enjoyed it for a while before he broke it and whispered into her ears, "You don't get to say that, not this time, at least. And I am not a man who cares for fairness."

Yue Li was stunned to find her son gently moving to the side and his hands gently caressing her thighs up and down. Teasing around her pussy, he never touched it but reached just around the corner before caressing down her milky white thighs again.

He even gently blew some air at it once, making her shiver.

"Cruel!" she moaned.

She could then feel it; he was about to fulfill his promise.

Han Li looked at his mother's pearl-like thighs and gently kissed them, but then his kisses slowly moved down, down, and down to reach her beautiful, fairy-like legs.

He gently kissed the fair fingers, the white and fair leg trembled. He then gently bit her finger, making her look at him with disbelief.

She had always kept her legs absolutely fair and extremely clean in anticipation of this event for months now. Something she was extremely against him doing but wanted him to do.

The rest was a dream for Yue Li. She felt rather fuzzy as her son began to do some unspeakable things to her feet.

It was as if he was declaring that even her legs were worthy of his love. And she could feel that declaration deep in her bones.

She felt absolutely embarrassed, horrible, and rather disgusted at herself for not having faith in him from the beginning, but at the same time, she felt as if a current of relief and love had passed through her. She didn't know when, but her mind became filled with the sole thoughts of pleasing him as much as she could today, and Han Li paused in his activity.

Her legs were really... Beautiful.

He was stunned to see his mom looking at him with a pleading and apologetic gaze. She really was guilty she 'made' him do something like this. No matter whether it was to give her confidence about herself or not.

In the end, she had made her son lick her toes. As clean as they were, she had made her son do something like this...She badly wanted a chance to repay him somehow.

Feeling pulled at his heartstrings, he could only silently lay back on the bed with a wry smile as his mother removed his clothes and looked at his harder-than-ever cock; with a gaze filled with love and lust, her pink tongue gently moved through the cock with hunger as she lovingly began to suck it.

Han Li felt as if he had seen a dream then.

He was really, really weak to his mother's tongue. As usual.

The last thing he remembered was her forcefully clamping on his legs, forcing him to release all of his spunk into her mouth, and after swallowing that, she was sobbing.

Yes, Yue Li pushed him onto the bed and hid in his embrace. She was completely fused with him.

He could then feel her sobbing and saying sorry multiple times. Even though he felt she was overreacting, he comforted her gently for a long time.

But while at it, she said something that completely silenced Han Li.

"Xiao Li, if it comes to it, I would even die for you without a thought."

He lost his mood entirely after that and just sourly sucked on her nipples like a baby. She could feel he was suddenly irritated and could only let him do what he wanted, which was to suck on her boobs till she was moaning, and then to fuck her till she grew tired to her bones.

He was really, really pissed off.

She understood that really well today.

And she also understood how it felt to be fucked when her son was really, really pissed off. It was a weird but extremely fruitful feeling.

She had the most orgasms in her life that day.

But she knew, more than anything, their connection with each other had somehow grown another layer that day—she had believed that to be an impossible achievement.

Han Li even gave her a very prominent hickey on her neck in his irritation. It would be easily visible to Liyue and Li Yao. Even the world if it saw.

He was forcefully marking his territory.

This little mother fucker.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116 - 116: Slice of Life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The 11th month was just at its head start.

The sun was peaking its head from the dome of heaven at dusk. The land was awash in a yellow glow while the children were being scolded unwillingly back into their homes from their playgrounds.

The Southern Lust city seems to fall into a strange silence at this moment in time as the vendors all pack up their stuff. While inside the Starlight Zone, behind Han Li's home, a chicken clucked relentlessly as an irritated woman looked at it with frustration.

Who else could it be other than Li Yao?

She was irritated.

Very, very irritated.

She was seated in the doorway with an irritated expression.

This fucking chicken had trashed her entire backyard with its shit, and it was stinking everywhere. She could feel her anger often rising at its clucking noises, too.

She could almost smell the taste of some beautiful chicken soup, but Liyue was on the side, using a small bucket of water to clean their backyard.

"Uh, Yue'r, we will be out of all this trouble if we at least sell this thing away, right?" she asked with a very calm voice.

Her daughter shook her head.

"I know that you feel sympathy for its sibling, but that guy is already dead, and it's just a chicken…" Li Yao almost rolled her eyes at the stupidity. Did she really raise this stupid girl?

Liyue looked at her mom and seriously asked, "Mother, this chicken is doing no trouble to you, right? I am cleaning its waste, and I am the one raising it too? What is then the problem?"

Li Yao was stunned. That makes sense.

But how dare she talk back to her parent?

Cough.

No need to get stupid. Liyue had always been the one to look after her parent instead of the other way around anyway.

"Then Yue'er, won't you be eating other dead animals anyway when you eat meat? This is quite hypocritical, you know?"

Liyue paused. "Brother Han also told me that…"

"Oh? Han Li did?" Li Yao asked.

Nodding, Liyue thought for a while before saying, "I don't know, Mom, it just feels evil to kill something that didn't do anything to us. That is not the righteous thing to do."

The sound of footsteps echoed from her back, and Li Yao curtly turned around to see Han Li walking towards them; laying on his back was a pouting Yue Li with a ruddy face, laying her head on his shoulder like a cute toy who was angry at its owner for playing against the rules.

"I hate you so much, Xiao Li," she said with a soft voice. "How dare you do that to me for saying I love you very much? You are so, so unfair."

Han Li replied with a smile, "But I didn't do anything."

"You did, though."

Laughing at them, Li Yao asked, "What did the brat do?"

Yue Li looked at Li Yao and then snorted. "He was just naughty, getting on my nerves. Nothing else."

Feeling like something was wrong, Li Yao asked, "Why are you on his back?"

Coughing gently. Yue Li said, "I was just lazy, nothing else."

Han Li smiled. She just couldn't walk straight after what he did earlier.

He really was quite rough after what she said. It really seemed to have pressed some buttons in him. He pondered while looking at the dusk sky.

It was quite a beautiful sight.

"Cold is slowly returning again," Liyue said, finally feeling that the place didn't stink much now. "All of the leaves fell from trees, and the areas are also cooling down; water is already so cold."

Han Li raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, you guys can have your beloved ice baths again."

Yue Li shivered while Liyue looked at him with a gulp.

Li Yao was the only one who was rather carefree. "You guys won't know. Ice baths are not so hard if you have a jar of alcohol in your hand and a bright sky to look at, ain't that so Han Li?"

Han Li sat his own mother beside Li Yao gently and nodded. "Can't say I disagree, especially some wine that would just make you flabbergasted at their taste. It is quite some good stuff, honestly."

Yue Li felt her butt hurt at the touch of the ground and looked at him with a bit of anger. Not at the pain, but another fact.

Li Yao looked at her curiously and chuckled. "That on your neck looks quite new, Yue Li," she mocked.

Yue Li put her hand on her neck, hiding the hickey Han Li left on her. "What might you be talking about?"

She didn't actually mind what others thought at this point, but it was sweeter when no one knew or spoke much about their relationship—it was better left as a small secret between them, mother and son.

Han Li walked toward Liyue and said, "All three of you should rest today. Tomorrow will be the day you will all have your training back to normal difficulties again."

Blinking, Yue Li glanced at him. She didn't mind the training being normal for quite a while now.

"So, little sis, it is time for us to have our time."

Liyue was stunned to find Han Li raising her in a princess carry and then letting her lie behind him like Yue Li was lying earlier.

"Let's go have a bath," he said and walked towards the bathroom. While Liyue's face blushed red.

Li Yao couldn't help but say, "So you and Liyue are now bathing partners?"

Han Li smirked. "You guys might underestimate my little Liyue, but you don't know how beautiful she looks without these pesky clothes. Have to enjoy that when I get the chance."

"Big brother…"

Li Yao said with a laugh. "You better not go beyond that."

"Who said we haven't already?" Han Li asked with a shake of his head and walked into a bathroom, hiding the red face of his little fiancee.

Li Yao couldn't help but become curious, "Yue Li, do you really think they did that?"

"Hmm…" Yue Li grew thoughtful. "I don't know. He is quite lustful, so it is possible."

"Oh? Lustful, how lustful?"

"Yoe see, in the bed earlier…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117 - 117: Gentlemanly? Can't be me. Or maybe.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and his beloved fiancee's skins caressed each other while they let their bodies rest submerged in the small wooden tub. Liyue's body was the sort that was abnormally soft; her mounds pressed gently against his naked chest while her face rested on his shoulder.

On the contrary, Liyue felt like she was leaning against a comfortable tree, warm and cozy but sturdy and supporting. Just that something kept poking her crotch area, and he intentionally kept moving his waist a bit, making it rub her on her sensitive spot that had ever only seen his fingers enter.

Breathing roughly, she asked with a soft voice, "Did both of our mothers actually let it enter their… uhm, place? Like, I know they did, but, you know, big brother, won't it hurt really badly?"

Han Li wrapped his hands around her and gently laid back. "You don't have to worry about it. I am not gonna do that now; only after we marry will I do it."

"But it actually doesn't matter, though, right?" she scribbled on his chest with her fingers. "Big brother will marry me for sure, and we are now far too close for not finally crossing that barrier to matter. It is not like I will get pregnant so easily."

Caressing her back, he said with a smile. "You are now very lustful, aren't you, girl?"

Her face was red as if it was covered in rouge, and unlike her average appearance while in clothes, she now looked like a legendary little mermaid sensually lying in his grasp.

"I won't say I am not lustful, but what I said is true, right, big brother?"

"Right, right," Han Li nodded. He wasn't some kind of gentleman; he just respected Liyue and wanted the best for her. If she was okay with it, he didn't mind teaching her some simple and amazing stuff.

He stopped moving his waist underwater, and Liyue could feel his strong cock come to rest exactly between her thighs, sensually touching her warm pussy lips.

"There is something that I like to do these days, you know, even Mom and I did it before we did the actual thing."

"That is?" Liyue gulped. In her heart, she still felt rather foreign to such things.

Whatever good qualities she had, confidence wasn't her shining point.

Han Li stood up from the tub, got out of it, and then helped Liyue out. With a rather disbelieving face, he looked at her.

No matter how much he looked. She seemed rather otherworldly.

Humble expression and a simple and average face, but such a devastating body and such captivating long dark hair. He unconsciously held his hand out to fondle her petite breasts, and her heartbeat quickened. He had done that many times at this point, but it was a first for her to stand in front of him this butt naked to get her boobs fondled. It was their first face-to-face like this.

No matter how bold she was to ask for sex from him, she was still the little Liyue.

Her face reddened, and she tried to move away, but Han Li gently shifted her move and brought her into a hug from the back. His one hand naturally moved and slithered towards her crotch, and she felt the usual tension of her big brother's fingers kissing her slit.

His other hand gently cupped her breasts while his lips began to leave kisses on her nape. She could feel his breath tickle her, and he could smell the faint scent of femininity wafting off of her.

It was akin to having finally reached her destined position. She couldn't move. She didn't want to move. Hnnng~

A soft moan escaped her lips as he gently began spooning her slit with his fingers.

Her big brother's cock also poked at her back, she could feel it was hard.

He had done so much to her sensitive area, but even now, she hadn't yet seen what he actually looked like; she hadn't directly looked at it.

"Bi…Big Brother, I am coming!!!" she held on to the tub nearby, and her body trembled.

Her butt, on the other hand, was now raised towards Han Li, and he loosened his hold over her chest, making her entirely lean on the tub with her hands to endure his hand play. She could feel she was about to cum.

And Han Li could also feel his hands become slimy with his little Liyue's love juices. Smiling to himself, he gently caressed her sensual back with his free hand, making her shiver as juices began to trickle out of her pussy non-stop.

"Mhhnn…Mmmm!" she moaned while breathing heavily.

Han Li moved his waist and rubbed his cock on her wet pussy, briefly inserting the tip of his cock into her pussy before taking it out and rubbing against her pink, puckered asshole.

She felt as if a jolt passed through her and desperately waited in anticipation for that to happen, while throughout, his spooning hand didn't stop moving.

She could feel it; her big brother used his strong free hand to spread her buttcheeks apart and then hesitated for a second before putting the slimy cock against her butthole itself, and then, she felt him remove the spooning hand and then gently spread her asscheeks to both sides before beginning to push.

"Slowly, bi… big brother!"

Han Li covered the rest of his cock with her juices and pushed in. Her insides were tight from the get-go go, and she held the tub with all her strength.

But she didn't have to endure much pain. It felt relaxing to her.

His cock gently moved into her, and soon, she could feel him struggle to push deeper into her while she felt as if something was barging into her out of her own volition.

Her breathing grew extremely ragged. She had never felt so full and wanting before.

This is how it was like to feel him reciprocate her fantasies!

She waited in anticipation for a while, and he finally pushed in the last bit of his manhood into her, entirely becoming one with her.

Then, he stopped spreading her ass cheeks and once again brought his other hand to her pussy to continue spooning it. "Big Brother… don't move for a second. One second is enough," she said, taking rapid breaths as her red, rouge-like blushing face became filled with intense wanting.

Han Li waited for her to calm down while enjoying the sight in front of him. Liyue was arching her body, her butt facing his cock, while her hand was holding her back from falling, giving him the appearance of the most curvaceous physique he knew.

She looked exactly like a bent spear.

He didn't wait any longer and gently moved his waist back, she could feel his slick dick moving back and wanted to tell him to stop again, but a second later, it moved back in, making her breathe out a startled bundle of air as he began to do that repeatedly.

The sound of Liyue's non-stop moans, flesh hitting flesh, and Han Li's gentle whispers echoed across the bathroom for the next half an hour before she became a nervous wreck and became completely overdosed with lust.

Finally, Han Li didn't hold back, and his cock started to vibrate inside her ass, making her moan in the highest tone she could moan before he relaxed and all his spunk exploaded into her ass. While finally done with the spooning, Liyue felt her pussy twitch and a disbelieving amount of juices leak.

"So… so much," she said with a rough breathing. Then she began to feel the high of orgasm in his actual embrace—it was comforting beyond any other thing.

Han Li didn't take out his cock and asked, "Want to continue?"

"I want to…" she said weakly. "But my back hurts and… can we do that in the bed? I also want to do that in the bed, you do it all the time with the mothers after all."

Han Li caressed her back. "Dumb girl, why are you growing defensive, I didn't even reject, if it is this you want, we will do exactly this."

Liyue breathed into the water in the tub while looking at her red-faced reflection.

Then it finally clicked in her.

She had just completely entrusted her maiden body to the man named Han Li. She was now properly a wife, if not in name, in ways.

More than that, she was cared for, not like a tool but as an actual human. Her opinions always mattered when she was with her beloved.

She had actually… won in life?

Just that her big brother could be quite mysterious.

"Big brother, you won't stop caring for me after this, right?" she suddenly started worrying.

Han Li couldn't help but burst out in laughter.

"Mom also asked the exact question after our first time. You guys really are clothes cut out from a single piece."

Liyue shyly scratched her cheek. But she had a lot of grievances in her heart now.

This sex thing was actually this good? And she didn't even feel any pain!

Her mothers were actually enjoying this, and not even in the back all this time, and she had only been given the finger till now?

"Liyue," Han Li gently moved his dick out and helped her stand up.

"Hmm… what happened, big brother?" he put her hand around his neck, and she looked at him with a very different expression from the one he was used to seeing on her.

"When do you want to get married?" he asked.

Liyue couldn't help but feel today was surreal.

She said with a gulp, "I didn't feel any pain when Big Brother first put it in…" She closed her mouth.

Han Li was also stunned. "What kind of answer is that to this question…"

Just like his stupid mother when she was flustered or dazed.

He shook his head with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118 - 118: Disconnected thoughts and Demonism
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A week later.

Dusk.

Unlike the usual days, every one of Han Li's three girls were awake, but today, they were not training. None of them.

Han Li was the same.

They were all sitting in his room, while Liyue—the once stuttering girl was comfortably cuddled in his embrace on the left, while Yue Li was lying on his lap. They were all looking at a letter that Han Li had received early in the morning.

Yue Li and Li Yao (this lazy woman who had been pushed to quite an extent through the last week) had smiles on their faces for not having to train today, while Liyue was not in this world at all at the moment. She was completely fused out. She and her brother Han had been so naughty for each other that she hadn't even noticed the passage of time or not training.

Training had become second nature to her anyway.

Leaning against his shoulder, totally relaxed regarding her two mothers' gazes on her, she just wanted to doze off and procrastinate now.

"So, what is up with you two's marriage?" Li Yao asked, sitting to the side with a jug of alcohol in her hands. She was aware of her daughter's growing confidence but didn't really speak about it.

"We decided what to do, and it will be an actual wedding!" Liyue turned active and said with a smile. "I thought a lot about it, and Big Brother said he is fine with it, so yes, I want to do it professionally."

"So, what is the letter about?" Li Yao asked, curious.

"That we don't know. He isn't showing it to us!" Yue Li said curiously from his lap, comfortably tucked under a blanket that hid her naked body.

The three again turned silent due to him not talking, and all of them reentered their thoughts.

Yue Li was okay with him doing whatever at this point. She had even made him do that. How can her heart not be clear now?

Honestly, after the first few days since her so-called heartbreak, she had stopped feeling those negative emotions regarding Liyue and Li Yao. She didn't feel any now either. In fact, she liked what she was seeing. Her son was enjoying himself, after all.

In her opinion, her heart had healed long before Han Li did that. He also thought along those lines at this point. But of course, there was something much more important to think about than that heart stuff: her son's new ability to vibrate his body.

Oh god, she had a lot to talk about it.

Han Li suddenly solemnly touched her lips, breaking her complex thought process.

"What happened, Xiao Li?" she asked curiously.

Han Li was also surprised at his hand. "Instinctual thing," he muttered.

She nodded, and he didn't take his hand away.

But his thoughts were still on the contents of the letter.

4th Month, any day, Yangmeng Mountain, if you come, we can settle it. Fair and Square.

It was from Yang Wei, and more than anything, it was entirely unexpected to him.

Why would Yang Wei call him out for a duel at this point?

Was he that confident about the new powers he gained?

Why is he goading me?

Is he bored or something?

'Well, whatever. You play your games, I guess,' Han Li shook his head with a smile and, with a tight grasp, pulled the paper into his Empty Space.

He didn't plan to go into this duel.

The usual, rather irritatingly long process of first bringing out a Crystal and then bringing it in along with it was already much faster now. The process was the same; it was just that his handling had gotten better.

Talking about that, his empty space was filled with sacred coins now.

He had to use his mom's system again to see how much he had when they were alone.

All three of them were full of disconnected thoughts, and a strange silence settled inside the room for a long while before it was broken by the noise of a chicken's cry, snapping all of them back to reality from their broken thoughts.

Han Li breathed out a puff of air while squinting. "So, Liyue, what happened to the pigeon that delivered this letter to you?"

"It flew off right after it was delivered," she replied.

She had brought this letter to him early in the morning, and he had told them not to worry much about training for the day and to take a break.

He also needed some rest after not getting enough sleep for a while.

…

The three women were soon in the kitchen while Han Li went out on a little stroll around his home. According to his and Yang Wei's agreements, neither of them could come close to each other or reveal any secret regarding each other to anyone. But messaging each other was no issue.

Han Li pondered on how he could use that to his advantage while moving out of the Starlight Zone and into the bustling Southern Lust City.

He had usual strolls around here in regular intervals when he had nothing else to do. Usually, they were in anticipation of something to hook his line like the Honey Magical Resource some days ago, and today was the same.

But today, he had another goal.

Walking through vendors one by one, he looked for items like maps and travel-helping tools.

Most of the tools were easy to get, but an actually good map was a rarity.

He walked through shop by shop, and after hours of searching and hundreds of 'genuine' maps later, he finally found something that was actually real.

He didn't exactly know what kind of beast resided in what territory.

Before heading out of the city, he had to know what beast lived in each area at the current time and weather. And the maps with fake details were abundant. Without a basic understanding, it was easy to get scammed.

Sadly for the vendors, it was Han Li out on the street.

"Hey boy, how much is this map for?" he squatted down and looked at a young boy.

"Big brother, it is seven coins. My gramps said everything here is seven coins!"

Han Li grew curious and looked around at the stuff scattered around in the small shop.

Half-broken sculptures, seashells, paintings, and musical instruments of different aesthetics. It was a shop full of scattered stuff.

"Ah, my mom would actually love such things." He laughed.

But deep down, he became rather interested.

"Your gramps is an intercontinental traveler?"

The boy shook his head, scratching his scruffy black hair. He said, "No, no, my gramps' wife used to be a person from one of the other continents. My gramps said to tell this too if someone asked."

Han Li nodded with a smile. The things here were of all kinds of culture, and some were not of any culture he knew about in Sacred Lust.

'No wonder they have good maps,' he thought, 'intercontinental travelers are still quite prominent at this point in time.'

About fifteen years later, the world would be thrown into the next Transcendance War, and the intercontinental Traversal thing would come to an entire halt. And that would continue until the war ends thirteen years later.

Then, it would still be very rare for people from other continents to come to Sacred Lust, but that would change 45 years later when the next big thing after the Transcendence War began.

Heaven Rising.

An event that would set about changes like wildfire, causing people from all seven continents to often travel across. But in both of his lives, he had never visited another of the seven continents. He had never had to, and he was never a man for pointless traveling.

But of course, he now had a totally different view of those places now.

That must be where the other 6 monsters lived. The same kind as him.

But for now, he looked at the leather-made map.

"Okay, young boy," Han Li ruffled the young man's hair casually and placed eight coins in his hand. "A small tip for you."

The young boy smiled at him joyfully and looked up at the ceiling covertly.

With Han Li's senses, he could feel an old man looking at him from atop the ceiling, and he smiled.

This boy amused him quite a lot. And he deserved an extra coin for that. With his [Life Vision], he could see the young boy's future.

[Hou Jing] [Age: 7]

[Current Cultivation: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Unawakened.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 7, the young boy was murdered by a Demonic cultivator named Hua Mang and transformed forcefully into a unique Magical Resource meant for Body Strengthening.]

He then looked towards the old man atop the ceiling through a small hole in the ceiling.

[Hou Mang] [Age: 128]

[Current Cultivation: Evolved.]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Evolved, Dao of Smoke]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Evolved, Dao of Smoke.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 312, end of lifespan.]

Han Li smiled as he walked out with a map in hand.

'I wonder how many Demonic cultivators are in the Starlight Zone alone…'

Have to be careful, have to be careful… hidden dragons and crouching tigers are all around and everywhere...

Cheerful that he had gotten what he was here for, he walked back home joyfully.

As for the young boy and his fate?

Ah, he hoped the heavens blessed the young one with good fortune.

For him, what mattered now was getting married, murdering Yang Wei, and heading out to get started on walking towards his grand ambitions.

In all that, did the boy play a role?

No.

Guess the heavens were cruel indeed.

He should teach this as a lesson to Liyue someday.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119 - 119: Autumn, Winter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The final month of the year, the 12th month, had begun a week ago.

More than almost a month since the chicken event happened in Han Li's household.

Autumn had come and passed; the leaves of the trees had fallen mostly while some resilient branches still held on to survival with the rare few verdant leaves.

Winter was rising once more in the distant horizons; the sun's shine seemed faint and pleasing from Southern Lust City now.

And as one might expect of winter, it was a time of silence the past few days.

Even the Awakening ceremony that passed yesterday was far less lively in comparison to the usual ones, which were full of chatter and liveliness.

Having mostly been simple pleasantries rather than anything of great expectation.

The fact that another of their clan mate failed in his attempt at Evolution didn't change that one bit other than worsening the silence of snow.

But today was a different day. Different mood. Different festival.

Inside Starlight Zone stood proudly many houses, and in one of them lived Han Li's humble family. In their kitchen, filled with the coolness of the late morning, sat Liyue, Li Yao, Yue Li, and, in the middle seat, Han Li.

Today, they were all fresh after the training, and today was not a normal day for them either.

Han Li didn't speak, silent; he used Life Vision on himself.

_

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Lifespan: 300 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 76]

[Talent: Sacred]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Below Average Evolved Physique]

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin—Vibrating Skin]

[Organ Strengthening: 1% completion]

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

_

Thinking more detailedly about himself while using Life Vision, the content became more in-depth and showed him deeper details about his body.

Feeling rather satisfied, he used 70 out of the 76 to strengthen his organs, and a cool sensation traveled through his guts, making him release a relaxed breath.

[Organ Strengthening: 8% completion]

He could feel his stamina rising significantly—he had been totally drained after his extreme training today, and now he felt refreshed as if he had just woken up.

It was hard to get drained with his physique in the first place, but since he was drained and then refilled with energy, he felt relaxed like a small leaf in the air, flying high and slow.

"So, about it, Mom, ask me the question again."

"So, Xiao Li, when I cut veggies today, I had this weird feeling as if what I am cutting is not vegetable but air, and when I feel like that, I cut this air multiple times in seconds and then replace it with another air, my speed is also very… fast. I mean, it feels as if even I don't have any control over it.

"But somehow, it felt natural, instinctive even. Like my hand is the knife, gently taking the veggie, it is cut, and then I take another. It is cut before I know it, too. It is so surreal I felt I was dreaming at first."

Li Yao muttered from beside them, "I can see how you call it surreal, too; even watching it felt weird. Like, your knife was moving too fast when your hand didn't seem to."

"It means that you just tapped into High-level proficiency for a second without actually having that level of capability. In a sense, your body was on adrenaline while your mind wasn't," Han Li calmly said while sipping his soup.

"But that is our question, Big Brother," Liyue asked curiously, "I am also High-Level Proficient as of now, right? Why doesn't my spear make such miraculous things?"

Han Li nodded. "This is a valid question, and the answer is simple, too. A spear is meant to move in thrusts strongly and is not a weapon focused inherently on its speed. Whereas the knife is a totally different story.

It is fast, it is supposed to be fast, and Liyue, let me tell you something serious—you haven't used an actual spear as of yet, and it is better to remain like that till you are sure you can't have a breakthrough at all. When you are in your spear bottleneck, using an actual spear would wake you to the next route."

The three listened studiously and nodded.

Han Li then looked at Liyue.

"So, have you decided?" he asked.

Liyue nodded.

"We will have our marriage simply then. The date is three days from now. Let us have it at a good place I know, and we will consummate the marriage there too. Then, yeah, it is decided LIyue. Any last-minute doubts?" he asked.

"I am very nervous, but I want to invite some people at least to see the event, I don't really have any friends or such in the city, but still… and yes, big brother, you promised me to give some donation to poor people on our marriage, don't forget that too."

Han Li nodded.

"Let's give the whole count of beggars in the city around some food by us; what do you say, Mom?"

"It will be quite expensive but not too much if me and Li Yao handle a major part of the cooking," Yue Li said softly.

Looking at her grown-up son getting ready for his marriage, she couldn't help but feel melancholic.

Some years ago, he was just a little guy who couldn't reach the bed because of his short size; even before that, he was just a bright-eyed infant crying for no reason all the time. At some point, he had grown up. He didn't need her to raise him up for him to jump on the bed. He didn't need to cry to get what he wanted—he had grown up.

She was proud, deep in her bones. But at the same time, she couldn't help but feel as if it had all passed by in a second, like a film that was moving faster and faster.

She raised her hand and caressed his cheek, surprising him.

"My Xiao Li had grown a lot… to think he would one day get married. Such a surreal thing, far more surreal than the knife thing."

Han Li held her hand to his face and smiled.

They then just silently glanced at each other for a long time before Yue Li leaned her face closer and gave him a kiss on his forehead.

He looked at her bright face, full of melancholy, and asked softly, "Wanna marry me too?"

"Hahahaha," Yue Li exploded into laughter.

"Now that you mention it, you used to tell me you would marry me when you were small, too. But no, why would I marry you?" She shook her head.

Han Li felt the cold touch of her hands and said with a smile, "Well, you don't want to be my wife too, like Liyue? She had been telling me a lot about her wife fantasies for a while. You would be stunned."

Liyue blushed from the side and mumbled, "Why bring me into you two's flirting…"

Li Yao comforted her lazily, "They can't even see us now. They are in a different world. The weirdest mother and son you would see in your life, look and note."

"What would you do to me if I became your wife? Isn't it the same as what I am now? It's just a different title instead of Mom. And honestly, I would be horrified if you started calling me 'Yue Li' instead of Mom."

"Even if I call you my wife, too?" Han Li gently moved and brought her to his embrace. The winter had made her skin quite cool to the touch, but to him, it felt warm.

"Even if you call me your wife, it isn't any good, Xiao Li; I like being called Mom; it will be bad if you change that. Don't do it."

Han Li made her sit on his lap and gently began to feed her the soup he had sipped earlier.

She blissfully sipped it.

"So Yue Li," he said, "I had this dream once that you and I—"

Cringing halfway, he stopped.

"So lewd and in front of your future wife at that. Have some shame, you two rabbit men," Li Yao threw a nasty insult and then looked at the starry-gazed Liyue.

"You should try harder than that girl. I have never seen him so dazed looking at you."

Liyue looked at her with a smirk. "I have seen him dazed, though, and many times. In fact, Big Brother gets dazed every time when I… strip."

Li Yao was stunned and then looked fiercely at Yue Li and Han Li, who were basically salivating at each other, and cursed, "Look what you did to my pure Liyue, you cursed bastards."

Liyue coughed and then blushed.

She just wanted to tell that to someone for a long while now. She also had the right to feel pride for making him so dazed, it was natural she wanted to boast.

He had never been able to endure her naked body till today.

What did he call her the other day again?

Ah… a goddess, he had called her.

She smiled and looked at her Mother-in-law and fiance again with a face filled with smiles.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120 - 120: Ink meets scroll, the invite's sent, For a union under heaven's tent. Tea and silks, in hues so bright, Preparing for the wedding night.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The forest was silent other than the faint noise of birds from the distance and the simple movement sound of insects. From all around, the noise of silence seemed almost heavy this morning, added to the faint moisture of the late morning.

The place somehow felt blessed with calmness.

Amidst the shrubbery and darkness was a huge tree filled with vines all over and full of red fruits. It was the kind that rarely anyone liked to eat but looked extremely sweet.

And at the stems of it was a cave-like short structure where people could easily take shelter under the wind and rain.

Inside stood a person, heavy in thought.

He was Han Li, looking around curiously; he gently caressed the stems and vine as he sighed.

Pushing away the vine doorway, a woman entered, her body rather sweaty. "Ah, this is the place; ah, so nostalgic!" she exclaimed as Han Li looked at her.

"Yeah, so nostalgic! I could still remember the day I was born like it was yesterday," he said with a smile.

Yue Li kicked his butt with a swift leg and said with irritation. "Too tough, soften your ass so I could hurt you."

Han Li coughed.

"So, this is where I was born?" he asked.

Nodding, Yue Li said proudly, "Yes, this is where you were born. There was also an old woman who helped me with it, but anyway, that place is this place."

Han Li curiously looked around for a while before shaking his head with a smile. "Today is my marriage; we have no time; get me ready, Mom."

Yue Li nodded. "This is actually a really good place you chose. Good job!"

For her, at least, this place was a place of memories.

It was in the forest near Southern Lust City; it was here that Han Li was born eighteen years ago.

Han Li spread his arms wide open. "How is the cooking going? I am rather worried someone might come to ruin the whole event, even though I have my safe keys put in place."

"You worry too much. I am just worried we cooked too much." Yue Li said casually and moved beside him and then dried her sweaty face on his clothes. He smiled and helped her dry it with his sleeves.

She looked at him and then did a circle around him, checking him out.

His black hair had grown the past few months and was now long but still well-tied behind him, his red eyes full of calmness wide and curious as he looked at her circling around him; his white clothes looked plain, but that was unnoticeable when his body looked so sharp, and his sword-like eyebrows were also quite the sight.

"Completely a Xianxia Mc, Xiao Li, even I—this jade beauty of a mother, can't help but feel you look cool. You must be so full of plot armor that makes the woman around you become dumb in pursuit of you. Ah, that totally explains why I am so dumb…" she suddenly grew thoughtful.

Eh… why did that make so much sense?

No, it was just that she was his mother.

She coughed gently.

Not because she was eternally horny these days after he kept using her like a sex toy 24/7.

That can't be.

Cough.

Han Li, on the other hand, wasn't in a rush and just waited for her to end her thought.

She nodded and then looked at him seriously.

"So the next thing, son, is for this jade beauty to get you ready."

Han Li didn't understand why she was saying all of the things she said, but he had long since begun to ignore such thoughts she had or words she said. Whatever that makes her happy.

He smiled.

"Mom, kiss me."

Yue Li smiled and skipped to stand in front of him; with her hands behind her, she stood on her tiptoes and closed her eyes.

His hands slowly wrapped around her waist. She could feel the giddy feeling again—

Cough, she was not horny or addicted, one day cannot give her withdrawal symptoms. No way.

—She anticipated a warm and enjoyable kiss from the great Xianxia Mc of a son she had, but she was horrified as instead of her lip, his lips gently brushed against her neck, and his teeth grazed her skin lightly, followed by the soothing touch of his tongue. The sensation sent a ripple of shivers down her spine, her fingers clutching the fabric of his shirt.

This bastard, did he just…

Trembling in anger, she opened her eyes.

He looked at her with a smile.

"You! Xiao Li!" she resentfully muttered.

Han Li looked at her neck with a faint smile.

It was a small red mark, a testament to their shared connection. Yue Li touched the mark gently, an angered frown playing on her lips.

"I am not really against you being possessive and wanting to show them I belong to you, but this would totally be everyone's talk in the marriage if they see it. Are you trying to ruin the moment for poor Liyue? She was so anticipating this, you can't be serious!" she said in a suppressed voice.

Han Li spread his arms wide without talking.

She looked at him without moving, filled with anger.

But a while later, they sighed and began undressing him. She didn't say anything, though, and Han Li could tell she was really mad.

His clothes soon fell from his body, and he was naked in front of her, but she didn't do anything and just took out a black robe from a small cloth pack beside her and began dressing him.

She even straightened out his underwear when she was at it.

And after a while, he was neatly dressed.

A tight but comfortably loose robe, white in color, and a royal vibe of flair designs on its edges aided with his remarkable beauty—he looked like the prince charming of dreams.

She pouted her lips and shook her head. "Because you, I will have to hide it all day today. But don't worry, I also had some urges. You just couldn't hold it in. But yes, I am mad, but for Liyue, I will not make a fuss today with you."

Han Li looked at her. She was wearing a beautiful yellow robe accentuated with simple gemstones and then flower designs that were barely visible.

It was an expensive cloth.

But it looked good on her.

"Don't worry about the mark I left. It will disappear soon. It was faint in the first place."

She looked at him dubiously. It hurt just as much as last time, and last time, it remained for three days.

"You better not be lying, but I do have methods to hide it. Makeup is my weak point, but Li Yao can do it for me."

"Well, then you can do that."

There were many going around after that, and almost an hour later, Han Li and Yue Li walked into the middle of a clearing in the forest with smiles.

The place was not at all silent like the other days and was filled with people.

The old librarian, many beggars, and many of the young people whom Han Li had cooked for in the past. Some Evolved protectors of the clan, too.

Among them was Li Ming, looking at Han Li's handsome appearance with glazed eyes. "That ugly woman doesn't deserve you; she doesn't deserve you," he muttered under his breath and swallowed another cup of wine in his hand.

Beside him, one of his boyfriends poured another cup. "Don't worry, my dear, he just didn't have enough taste."

Li Ming shook his head listlessly.

Han Li's gaze briefly scanned around, and he paused at many of them. Especially some of the Evolved who threw supportive signals at him as his glance moved past them. Among the eleven, four of the Evolved had come.

Many of them were looking at him, sizing him up. While not a few gazes among all also looked behind him at his mother and hidden deep within, he could sense the carnal lust in them.

At least a quarter of the beggars looking around to get fed by Liyue's sympathy were looking at his mom with eyes he would have gouged out if it hadn't affected his greater plans.

But of course, to others, they must have seemed natural and calm gazes, but to him, they were just irritating. Most of them.

Even some young kids in the almost hundred-man crowd were looking at her like that.

'Wherever there is man, there will always be some kind of conflict. It just means Mom was lucky she had been mostly in the clan and not out. As much as the rules bind me, it protects the weak.'

But silently, he moved towards the 4 Evolved—3 men who seemed almost like triplets born from the same mother and a young woman in an iron mask—while under their gazes, he slowly activated one of his Talents.

He already had no reason to worry if the Evolved would sense him.

What to say? He even blatantly used his Soul Sense and Life Vision on them.

That was just one simple application of Heart Qi.

Just like how he couldn't sense it when The Spirit and Yang Wei came to mess with him and his mother using Heart Qi, he could also now do the same, just that he couldn't hide his own body in shadows like them.

But he could hide his own Evolved Aura and Soul Sense, and even the activation of his talents wouldn't be sensed by anyone other than people with Heart Qi.

It was a mysterious power only Transcendents had for a reason.

Talent—[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

Immediately, all the men lusting after Yue Li, and some women around lusting after him, all lost their lust as if it was drained of them. Some looked around in confusion for a second before they left the faint feeling of loss behind them.

He no longer had to worry about those coveting ruffians.

Han Li, on the other hand, humbly greeted the Evolved. "Seniors, I didn't expect you would come to this lowly-ones wedding."

They looked at him, and a buff man among them patted his shoulders. "Great job, young man; I am here to get your food, though, so that counts. I heard it was as good a food as you could get without making our inner circle chef cook."

"Oh, if so, then you are up for a surprise," Han Li jovially bowed and left them alone.

He actually felt a bit of respect for them.

Quite strong at heart.

They were much more stable in their emotions than the inferior ants around. They had no lust, or they were rather indifferent in a sense. Whereas the others were just insignificant ants.

With a smile, he looked towards another shelter-like tree covered in vine and decorated like a room.

Inside it, his bride was getting ready.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121 - 121: Red clothes, auspicious.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the tree that had been made into a dressing room, it was dark, but faint red candles hung beside a mirror set to the side, briefly illuminating Liyue's face as a woman stood behind her, gently combing her hair and making it with a golden ornament.

"To think Aunt Li Yao would walk again, it is news delightful on its own that I had yet to congratulate you. And to think the next time I end up seeing you, I would be marrying off is rather curious, too," the woman said with a smile, eliciting a nod from the seated bride.

"So, Liyue, who are you getting married to? Your cheap father didn't put you up with some miscreant, did he?"

Liyue was silent for a while before she nodded. "He did put me up with a miscreant."

Surprised, the woman gasped.

Liyue giggled.

"But the good sort of miscreant."

The woman was curious now.

She brought her face in front of Liyue, filled with questions.

"Is he handsome?"

Liyue blushed.

"Very."

"You struck gold then, little girl, good for you." The woman sighed. "Of all the people I have cared for in recent marriages, you are the most fortunate for the past decade. Honestly, I half-expected another woman crying to me, saying she has no meaning in life."

Liyue was startled. "There are many like that?"

"Of course there are," she said, looking at her own reflection in the mirror. "In your Starlight Zone alone, I know many who had been married forcefully. Of course, not all of them were against it."

Liyue grew thoughtful and then nodded. "Indeed, I am lucky, but do you know what?"

The sapphire eyes of the woman shimmered. "What? Boasts about your love story now?"

"Yes," Liyue put on her lipstick, made from pomegranate, roses, and sappanwood. These were ground into powder and mixed with oil to put a blush on her lips.

"Big Brother Han chose me from the start; my father didn't go to him, but he came to us saying he wanted me," Her voice was rather eloquent and proud, making Hua Feilan wonder behind her.

"You really like this man. Now I am quite curious."

Liyue looked in the mirror.

"I wonder what he will think of my clothes."

"You look splendid, to be honest. Even your mother will have to stand a step behind you in terms of appearances today. No jokes!"

Liyue looked at the woman with bright eyes. "Really?"

"Really."

They then once again began to prepare her for the show.

…

Han Li met the guests one by one like the humble village boy he was.

He showed respect to the elders old of age while also keeping a small eye on the Evolved at all times.

Yue Li walked behind him with quick steps like a tail before she had to go away at a call in the back of the clearing—there was smoke rising from there alongside a nice fragrance.

"Hey, Han Li!" someone patted him on the shoulder after a while.

He looked calmly at the person. "Thank you for coming to the wedding. I appreciate it," he said.

"You don't seem like you appreciate it," Li Ming coughed awkwardly. "Well, she was someone I couldn't make happy, so I hope you don't let her down."

Han Li looked around at the forested area that seemed so calm and auspicious with a smile.

"But man, you should have conducted the ceremony in the clan area. It just doesn't feel like a wedding without red lanterns flying in the air and some beauties dancing. I could've given you money if you didn't have it, you know, we're buddies and all at heart after all."

Han Li threw him a sideglance.

The man blushed and coughed. "No need to look at me as if I am some mud on the ground. Friends, nothing more than that. I am an elite of the clan, you know?"

Han Li patted him on his shoulder. "Yes, we will be friends now. Protecting each other's interests even at the cost of death."

Li Ming felt as if his heart skipped a beat, and before he knew it, Han Li was gone and talking to another person in the distance with a humble smile; it was the old man from the library who handed out Magical Resources.

"Was that a joke…?" Full of confusion, Li Ming walked towards Han Li in a daze.

"Eh… Han Li, you are cruel," He said to the accuser with a sigh. "But you are way more popular in the clan than I thought you were, even having Evolved come to your wedding. You really are amazing."

Han Li smirked. "Of course, they'd come. In fact, I am curious why the Clan Head himself didn't come."

"Oh?" Filled with curiosity, Li Ming asked, "So, are the rumors true? That you have a great backing behind you who is in hiding as of now and that you are respected secretly like a secret master of sorts and are just hiding your powers in the confusing mask of being a Spark-less?"

"You overestimate me," Han Li coolly replied. "It is just that the higher-ups want to know how my mother-in-law is walking and even cooking in the back while she was not supposed to."

He coldly smirked inside.

In fact, he had been anticipating the day for months now.

He had brought Li Yao outside on some occasions, especially the Awakening Ceremony before the last one. But other than basic rumors, nothing had happened until now.

But he knew it and was prepared. Honestly, he had expected Li Xingguang, the Head of the Starlights, to come here himself to interrogate him on 'friendly' terms, and he had cooked up an explanation, too.

With his Heart Qi, he didn't have to worry whether the Power Born would sense his hidden cultivation after all—as long as he didn't check him in-depth.

But it seems not to have picked the exalted Power Born's interest.

"So, Han Li," Li Ming pushed back his sleek black hair and said with pride, "No matter what, I see you as a friend, and a friend in need is a friend indeed. I booked some people to set up the hanging lights and such for the night. It will all be on me."

Han Li nodded.

"It is about time," he muttered.

"For what?"

"Of course, for my beautiful bride to come out looking like a goddess descended to the mortal world. And you brat, go sit somewhere else, don't ruin my image. People will talk."

Li Ming was horrified and looked at Han Li with a pale face. "Han Li!"

Han Li's eyes twitched.

But suddenly, his gaze shifted towards the bridal room.

Red qipao adorned her curvy and goddess-like physique with net-like coverings on her hands, and her hair was tied with a golden ornament while her eyes were those like the night sky itself; with graze, she walked towards him, and he walked towards her.

Most of the venue was immediately dazed on the spot.

"Shan Liyue was… this beautiful?" Li Ming blurted out in a dumbfounded expression.

The graceful woman wore a veil but somehow, she seemed divine.

Yue Li and Li Yao walked back from the cooking area while speaking about something important as Han Li and Liyue stood face-to-face. Finally.

'I am not nervous, I am not nervous, this is not scary, not scary," she murmured quietly while trembling slightly, and Han Li heard it and smiled.

In the bottom of his heart, a fire blazed—

She looked up at him with round, somewhat teary eyes filled with nervousness as she moved with a fearful pace towards him.

—a fire of protectiveness.

This was his woman, Liyue. Rather headstrong, somewhat of an airhead who thinks all the time, a hard worker, a rather fearful girl.

He gently held her hand, and time seemed to have stopped there.

It was like a curtain of silence hung in the air.

"Junior, you dare!" an old man screamed with a face full of venom.

Han Li was stunned and looked behind him to see the old man from the library look towards the sky with a face that was drained of the old calmness he had seen so many times.

Taking the cane into the air, the old man vanished only to appear in the air above the forest.

Coldly, he gazed towards the city, and the people below in the forest looked at him in awe and disbelief. Even Han Li was looking at everything with a nervous frown.

The old man coldly snorted, and his appearance slowly shifted.

From the old and haggard nature of his body, he turned into a cold-looking young man in white clothes; his face radiated the energy of youth, and his long black hair flew in the wind.

At the same time, Han Li looked around him.

"It is the Clan Head," he muttered to his bride and, taking Liyue's hand, shouted coldly to the people around him, "Do not worry and forget what you just saw. It is the Clan Head who just had some emergency. The event continues!"

Han Li's gaze, full of hidden coldness, moved straight towards the Evolved, who all looked up at the sky and, one by one, transformed into starlight and then vanished.

The iron-masked woman said before vanishing, "Do not worry, we will take care no trouble reaches here whatever the issue was."

And after mumbling something—

Low-Level Magic Power: Movement of Starlight.

—She also vanished with a yellowish-white light in her wake.

Han Li's gaze shifted around for a bit before it came back to rest on Liyue.

"Don't worry."

His worried glance then focused on Li Yao and Yue Li, who were staring around in nervousness.

"Everybody calm down!" Li Ming yelled from around them and said with a laugh, "As long as the Clan Head is here, what have we got to worry about!"

Han Li nodded, but deep down, he had a bad feeling.

This was not in the script.

Something had changed.

Again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122 - 122: Hua Feilan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li, Liyue, Yue Li, and Li Yao got together in the dressing room alongside Hua Feilan—the marriage-handling woman, and sat in silence.

The candles on the side flickered, lighting Han Li's contemplative face cupped in his hand.

'What had changed? And how did Li Xingguang transform his appearance so well? Moreover, does he know something I missed? Why is he acting like the librarian when he has no need to?'

His mind was full of thoughts and ideas, but none seemed coherent enough to be the puzzle piece he was missing.

'I don't have to worry about it as long as it doesn't affect me.'

He cleared his mind off the questions and, with a sigh inside, looked at the woman in front of him.

"Miss Hua, thank you for the assistance throughout this event, and sorry for the trouble at the moment," he said with a short bow of his head.

Hua Feilan quickly shook her head. She was seated on a chair, and her sapphire eyes looked at him curiously while flickering with candlelight; her hair was a brownish black tinged with orange specks here and there, and her skin was fair.

"You guys paid me for the event, and even if you hadn't, I would've come solely to help Liyue marry the man of her dreams," she said politely, smiling at Liyue, "Right, girl?"

Liyue blushed and looked at Han Li while he looked at her. Her pearly hands were now held in his hand tightly, and they hadn't yet let go of each other—the wedding was far from over.

Looking at Liyue, Han Li sighed.

"I always knew you were much more beautiful than you seemed appearance-wise itself, to think that you would be far more deadly when you use make-up and such. I was dazed there for a bit."

Liyue smiled nervously, "I was just super nervous. I thought I might faint at some point when that yell came."

Yue Li was on the side, and she said with curiosity, "And the Clan Head even said, Junior, YOU DARE! I was so startled… cough. And before I knew it, he was flying in the air too, so cool!"

Li Yao ignored them and looked at Hua Feilan. "So, Feilan, how is your marriage service going these days? It's been so long, and nobody even came to visit me after I healed."

Looking embarrassed, the woman replied, "I am too busy. In fact, you walking again seemed more like a ridiculous rumor than anything. And you know what we are like… sigh…"

Li Yao nodded with a sigh, too.

Starlight Zone had many women she knew, but at this point, some of them whom she considered friends in the past were long behind her—they had revealed their true faces when she became crippled—and the rest of them had drifted apart from the city.

Women were not the sort to have many friends in Starlight Zone in the first place since mostly, it is a patriarchal rule there, and most of the time, women are just tools for the men.

That was why all women of Starlight respected 'Fang Li of the Iron Masked.' The only Evolved woman of the Starlight Clan who was so young and vigorous. The pride of them.

Of course, it was not an absolute fact that the women were always the ones in the lower stage.

Han Li's and Liyue's relationship was a prime example.

In other people's gaze, Han Li was just a Spark-less brat while Liyue, in essence, was an inner circle clan member who had passed the ice flag test. So, of course, the dominant one was probably Liyue, with Han Li being her obedient husband, at least in people's thoughts.

So, usually, women having much of a friend circle was rare if it was not laid by a capable lead.

Even if they had some circle going, the narrow-minded husbands usually cut it off. So, Li Yao's friend circle was low in number, if not nonexistent, just like Yue Li's was. But in her case, she did know many people, but she wasn't friends with any. When young, she was afraid of her secret Transmigrator identity being spread around, and when old, she had all her friends in Han Li.

And, of course, if it came to it, she did have people with whom she could go out on something like a shopping trip. Yes, and that was why this woman Hua Feilan was so famous around, not only in Starlight Zone but the whole city.

She was a big shot.

Nicknamed The Friend of all Women.

In fact, even if the woman looked and acted young, Han Li's [Life Vision] showed him the truth very simply.

[Hua Feilan] [Age: 51]

[Current Cultivation: Evolved]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Evolved]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Power Born, Fire Great Dao.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 399 in a fight with the Demon Han Li, killed in cold blood with one slash of the Life Sword.]

A gentle smile stretched across Han Li's face as he spoke some simple things with Liyue and Yue Li while Li Yao conversed with Hua Feilan.

In fact, Hua Feilan and Li Yao weren't really great friends, but Hua Feilan liked to act as if every woman in the world were actually her friends, and subconsciously, they end up acting that way.

Even Liyue just had two days of familiarity with her and was speaking with her like they were long-time friends. But Han Li wasn't worried about her intentions. He was the one who went to her Marriage service asking for her to handle his marriage; he had also paid heavily.

Thus, he didn't actually worry about any bad intentions this woman might have; if he knew someone who would die for righteousness—this was that woman.

She had died against him in his past life for righteousness alone.

"So, Miss Hua, how does the marriage ceremony continue from here?" he asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123 - 123: When my big brother gave what I asked for.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, Miss Hua, how does the marriage ceremony continue from here?" he asked, and finally, all four women's gazes came to rest on him. That was a serious question.

Liyue held his hand tighter and said with worry, "We really seem to have chosen a bad day, Big Brother; I hope there are no big issues."

Han Li didn't reply to her, and his gaze focused on Hua Feilan.

"Young Master Han, we do what we are paid for, and you don't have to worry," Hua Feilan said with a graceful smile. "I have by now managed 3998 marriages, and none of them had failed. What to say, even though the Hua Matchmaker Association is just budding its roots in Southern Lust through the last decade, we have been doing business outside for years."

Han Li nodded. "Miss Hua and her association have great prestige; I have often heard of its great stories."

Pleased, Hua Feilan nodded and looked at Liyue. "I might seem like a simple woman because I am your close friend, but don't think so simply of me. I am an Evolved, and I have also called for backup just in case to my Association manager; he is also an Evolved. So, you have two Evolved protecting this place from here, and then there is also the Starlight Family Evolved who would protect you, too.

There is nothing to worry about in that regard."

Liyue nodded, feeling less worried. "But does such things happen often, Big Brother? This seems so sudden and so out of nowhere; I wonder why the Clan Head was so angry."

Han Li shook his head.

"Something significant must've happened for the Clan Head to lose his temper and reveal his appearance, but I don't think it will affect the ceremony."

Hua Feilan noted how Liyue seemed reliant on Han Li a lot in her mind and said duly, "The next part of the ceremony would be the blood oath event, and after that, the groom and bride will kowtow to their parents and get their blessing. If it is completed, that means you are married. Then we can serve the dishes to the guests. It is all set."

Han Li looked at Liyue's veiled face. He could feel how tightly she held his hand.

She was really anticipating today.

"Shall we begin?"

Liyue nodded like a bird pecking race.

Han Li held her hands and looked at the mirror for one final time.

He silently connected telepathically with Liyue. "Are you nervous, Liyue?"

Liyue was a bit surprised, but she held on to her big brother's hand and just tightened her hold to show her response.

"No need to be nervous, Liyue; your big brother is with you. Just leave everything to me and follow in my footsteps. I'll lead you."

Liyue looked at him.

Then she looked around at all the people around.

They were each looking at her with supportive expressions. She smiled under her veil.

Then walked in front of Han Li and hugged him.

Han Li was a bit surprised but gently patted her head.

"Liyue, have some confidence in yourself now. For me to show off at least how great a wife I had gotten," Han Li said to her calmly. But to Liyue, she could hear how much confidence he had in her.

Honestly, she was an unconfident woman to herself. Incapable of much greatness. But her brother Han had far more belief in herself than she herself did.

Images flickered in her mind.

He had always cared for her like a younger sister, a baby of his. He was so caring and gentle that she sometimes wondered whether he was really her… fiance.

Was she that lucky?

She had seen and understood that he had another part to himself that she hadn't seen. A crueler, more ruthless part that was not anything that she or her mothers understood or knew of. But she had no doubts. In her life, her only man was Han Li. Her Big Brother Han.

Whatever he was, she had decided.

Of course, there were little ambitions in her mind, too. She did want to make her big brother more of a good, righteous man. For that, though, she had to learn more about him and understand who he was.

And she was ready to dedicate her life to that.

She said with a soft tone, "Let's just complete this and go back to our usual simple home. That is far better than here with all this."

Han Li nodded.

"Miss Hua, let's begin."

…

Han Li and Liyue stood in the middle of a crowd of people. Men, women, rich, poor—it was a mix of all that filled the forest clearing. In the birth of noon, the shadows in the forest made the whole place a comfortable area to stay at while all of them looked at the two about to become one with interest.

Even though all sorts of people were there, it was properly divided in standing.

The poor but clean beggars stood to one corner while the proper people stood to another side, and around another corner were the Clan people of the Starlight Family.

As the people bustled with excitement at the delicious smell permeating the area, Hua Feilan stood in front of Han Li and Liyue, asking, "I ask in the name of heaven and earth, standing as a guardian to your union. Say, Han Li of the Starlight Family, Son of Yue Li, do you wish to marry Liyue of the Starlight Family, daughter of Li Yao wholeheartedly?"

Han Li looked at the red-veiled, beautiful woman whose hand was now sweating in his grasp and nodded. "I wholeheartedly agree to the marriage."

Hua Feilan nodded seriously and asked Liyue next. "Do you agree to the Groom's proposal?"

"Yes, I do." Liyue nodded.

"Please conjoin your blood."

Hua Feilan then cut a small wound on their thumbs, and Han Li and Liyue gently touched it together.

A long silence followed before Li Ming started to clap from the side while one of his many boyfriends rubbed his wet eyes.

"Both the wife and husband may now kneel to their parents or guardian."

Han Li and Liyue moved to stand before Yue Li and Li Yao, who were standing together beside Hua Feilan.

Then, they both gently kowtowed on the grassy ground, and with moist eyes, their respective parent pulled them up and gave their blessings with pure love.

"Serve the dishes!" someone yelled, and it was soon followed by many uniformed men coming out of the forest with trays of food and tables.

It was men of the Hua Matchmaking Association.

In Liyue's mind, Han Li gently whispered, "Little Wife, there are many things that follow marriage, so be prepared. But for now, let's just eat."

Han Li smirked as her hands tightened his hand.

She leaned towards his ears and asked with a smile, "I was thinking I needed something as a wedding gift. Can I get something? To remember today…"

"Oh, when did my Liyue start to ask for things herself?"

"When my big brother began to give her what she asked for."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124 - 124: Interrogation by the sister. Leave him.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The beginning of the marriage was rather tame in comparison to the grand weddings the rich men usually held, but as the food was served, the people from all walks of life slowly began to settle onto the ground and just eat.

Many had tears going down their eyes as they ate; many were just children who were being given something good, something really good, to eat after days if not months. And to such people who struggled to make ends meet, the food they ate today was well and beyond something heavenly.

Not all people of the Seven Continents hailed from a clan like the Starlight Family, Ravens, or Rocks. Such clans came to be because of strong Power Born individuals like the Clan Heads. If they were not there, such clans wouldn't have existed.

But they all had a Spark in their soul from birth that they could Awaken to grow stronger. They also had the right to dream.

But as Liyue's gaze moved from one beggar eating Yue Li's special dish that was served with teary eyes to another, she couldn't help but feel bad for them; she couldn't help but pity them. She was eating such things on a daily base, and she had never even stopped to appreciate it.

She couldn't help but see another side of life she hadn't seen yet.

Maybe her big brother being cruel—at least in his own words—might also have reasons she didn't understand completely.

Among these beggars, a vast majority were crippled. Some had immovable hands, some had actual physical deformities, while some more had issues on par with her own mother, Li Yao, and were being dragged by children to sit and then fed the puffy white race and the side dishes.

'As Big Brother said, the world is cruel, and we could only attempt to have some semblance of control… with what I am given, if I don't do my best, it is a sin on its own.'

Her husband was not beside her; he was on another side, talking with some of the guests and inquiring around to get a sense of what had happened earlier, but she didn't mind; he had promised to give her a wedding gift, and she was anticipating what it would be.

She could also see some children beginning to hang lanterns around the area.

"Liyue, what are you thinking?" Hua Feilan, her friend, asked from the side teasingly, "About how tonight would be?"

Liyue shook her head. Somehow rather comfortable around this woman. Like a person she had been familiar with for years.

"I am wondering what our children would be like. Would they be like him or me or my mothers…" she wondered really curiously.

Hua Feilan chuckled. "Fantasizing about children even before you bed him. Gotta leave it to you for having found someone you liked. And I did research on him on my own, too, for your sake if you want to know."

"Oh?" her interest sparked; she looked at Hua Feilan curiously.

"Han Li, son of Yue Li and some mysterious person. He had no Spark from the day he was born, was ostracized by the children his age, and had many weird rumors going on around him and his background. Even his mother was a source of rumors, too."

Seeing Liyue was listening, she nodded and continued. "But he is known for his uprightness in relationships and his cooking in the Starlight Zone, and now known for something rather weird, which I would like to confirm from you, if I am not rude, that is. Of course, I like to believe there is nothing like rudeness between friends."

Liyue tilted her head. "Why are you doing such research, though, Big Sis?"

Hua Feilan patted Liyue's head without roughing up her hair. She was tall enough to do that.

In fact, Han Li was a bit shorter than Hua Feilan.

"Liyue, this world is vast and everyone is not the way they seem. Especially men. They can be animals, demons even. How can I hand a cute girl to someone I couldn't trust? My conscience would kill me if something happened to you because I was too lazy to research."

Liyue smiled wryly at Hua Feilan through her red veil. "Brother Han won't harm me. In fact, I can guess what you are about to question too… but go on, I will answer."

"What happened to your Father, Pang Li?"

Liyue shook her head. "I had thought till today that he had just gone up and walked away from our lives one day, but supposedly, that was not the case. But only Big Brother knows the full picture, and he has yet to tell me. But he did say it was not as it appeared, though. And he also told me father's current location, which I would like to keep to myself."

"What about…" This time, the ever-heroic voice of Hua Feilan seemed a bit softer: "What about that man's relationship with your mother? There are these weird rumors going on that he also uhm, has your mother under his wraps."

Liyue blushed furiously under her veil and looked away, muttering inside herself, 'How shameful… I should have let Big Brother Han handle her.'

Hua Feilan squinted at Liyue and nodded. But asked in a faint voice, "Are you against that relationship? Are you being forced in any way or form?"

Liyue looked at Hua Feilan like she was looking at a fool.

"Even I could see how happy I look at marrying him. Is that question even necessary? In fact, my brother Han and I had been living together for months now. This marriage is actually just a formality and not anything like you think. So no need to worry about me."

Sighing, Hua Feilan nodded.

"He did seem like a decent person; now, my last question, Liyue, and the most important."

Liyue was curious now.

"Liyue, do you know the consequences that may follow by marrying a Spark-less?"

Liyue was startled by the question, and Hua Feilan could see right through it. She frowned.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125 - 125: Deal or no deal?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Spark-Less are those hated by the heaven or, for better terms, those not loved by it."

Liyue looked at Hua Feilan's attractive and beautiful face, which was full of sighs.

"If your father, Pang Li, were to be here, he would have never let you marry someone so useless; not to be rude, Liyue, but the truth is the truth."

Liyue was a bit flustered and looked away. Her big brother hadn't taught her what to say in a scenario like this.

Hua Feilan, on the other hand, continued seriously. "I do accept that he looks handsome and has all the redeeming features you would want in a husband. But as you said, your children… what assurance do you have that they won't inherit his traits and be Spark-Less, too? In fact, I just came to know this, or I might have acted rather differently to him earlier in the dressing area."

Liyue asked, a bit nervous. "But isn't not having a Spark and having failed Evolution the same… don't people marry after failing if they don't have some really bad crippling issues?"

"No, Liyue," Hua Feilan said even more seriously but faint enough that the people near them didn't hear her. Luckily, the bride won't be disturbed much before the night ends as that was considered disrespectful to the husband.

That was the reason she was wearing a veil in the first place. It represented her maidenhood—of course, her maidenhood was quite unique since she had experienced the forbidden fruit (only in the back) already.

Hua Feilan spoke, "Sparks are most of the time inherited from the parents, and usually, your Starlight Spark and your previous fiance Li Ming's Starlight Spark becoming one would have given birth to an even more talented Starlight member. But this one… maybe your child might be born with a Starlight Spark, or maybe none, like him."

Liyue took a silent second to ponder it.

Hua Feilan rationally told her even more of what she was missing.

"I know people like Han Li might look pitiful to you and you might have already grown close to him. But don't be blinded by how he supports you, he is not worth it. I will find you a better man, in fact, I know someone who will fit you perfectly. Don't mind the marriage since I have ways you could undo it just as easily as you were bound."

Liyue sighed. "What can I do at this point… I am already pregnant with his child…"

Hua Feilan was stunned and looked at Liyue with a pale face.

Liyue sighed once more. "I am becoming more shameless, and that was a joke…"

And she really did feel very comfortable around this person to the point it was becoming slightly suspicious. She wondered if she was being played around with some Magic. But that shouldn't be, not when Han Li was around.

Hua Feilan breathed out in relief and looked at Liyue.

Liyue smiled. "Sorry, but you will have to talk with my Husband before introducing another man to me. I think he is the sort that gets angry when other men approach his women, and well, it is hilarious to think of, though."

"What is hilarious?"

'That my Brother Han could be even considered inferior,' Liyue said in her mind.

She then smiled and looked towards Han Li who was talking with a deep frown with his two mothers at a distance. She could see the faint sense of anxiety on the two women's faces. She furrowed her brows.

"And Big Sis, were you ever in love with someone?" she asked, a bit worried.

"Me?" Hua Feilen sensed how she wasn't being taken seriously and stopped bothering—she could take a clue. "I do not love, and I would not love. But you are far too young to understand my dilemmas, so well, since you do not mind any issues I mentioned… Liyue, I can only bless for you a great life full of luck and fortune."

Just as they were about to continue speaking, they saw Han Li coming towards them while Yue Li and Li Yao followed behind him nervously. Many people's gazes were on Han Li and the core part of the family where the marriage was happening, but now, Han Li didn't care.

He walked with them and told them to gather in the dressing area once more.

Hua Feilan was curious and Liyue nodded worriedly.

…

Inside the Tree Hollow.

Han Li took a deep breath and then breathed out.

"Miss Hua, did you receive any intelligence about what is going on?"

Liyue was sitting at his side; today was her day, so Yue Li wasn't one to be stubborn—even though she was already wishing for the day to end already, she was growing uncomfortable and tense; what Han Li said earlier didn't sit well with her.

Liyue muttered in Han Li's ears, "She did gather information, but not about the situation but about you, big brother."

Hua Feilan saw it and felt as if she was betrayed, but she sighed. "I have no guts to go investigate a clan; I value my head quite a lot, you see. So, any way that I could learn something about it?"

Nodding, Han Li leaned towards her and looked into her eyes. "What do you say about a deal? A deal that would net you ten times the amount that you earned through this marriage?"

Her sapphire eyes sparkling, she looked back at him, and an intimidating Soul Sense surrounded Han Li. "That would be nearly twenty thousand Sacred Coins. Are you sure?"

Han Li smiled coldly. "I am sure, and in fact, I am sure it won't be much of an issue for you to complete the mission, too."

Curious, the Soul Sense vanished, and she looked at him with a tilted head. "What is the catch? What is it that you want the matchmaker association to handle?"

"I want you to protect my family for the next three days. It might be less days, but not more. And for just that, you earn 20000 Sacred Coins."

"I have no proof that you own such wealth," Hua Feilan's orange-specked hair seemed to brighten as if it was a flame; her sapphire eyes, on the other hand, seemed like molten rock.

Han Li put his hand to the side and brought out a small bag. It was all the money he had collected from around the area with his future knowledge, and it contained five thousand coins.

He dropped it on the ground, and the coins made jingling noises.

"I am willing to pay before I go, but I would want you to take a vow."

Hua Feilan scanned Han Li from top to bottom. "You seem like the other rumor of you more than the one I believed in."

Han Li shrugged. "All of them are people's pastimes, so say…"

He paused.

His eyes grew a calmness that not even his mother noticed.

"Miss Hua, what do you say?"

Pondering, Hua Feilan nodded. "I can see something is going on, but I have no plans to waste such good money. You have my word."

Han Li's eyes grew even calmer.

"Can we talk somewhere else private?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126 - 126: Han Li had a guess
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is going on?" Liyue asked nervously to Yue Li and Li Yao, who were in the tree hollow.

Both of them looked at each other and then back at Liyue. Han Li and Hua Feilan had left earlier and were supposedly going to someplace private to speak about what was going on now. They had been talking with Han Li regarding it anyway; Liyue was the only one in the dark.

"Xiao Li got some information earlier from your previous fiance, Li Ming," Yue Li said, worry etched on her face: "He didn't tell us exactly what is going on, but Li Yao heard a bit of what Li Ming said, and we just confronted Xiao Li to tell us what is going on, but he didn't tell us at all."

Liyue could see the worry, and she had a bad premonition.

"What did you hear, Mom?" she turned to Li Yao, hoping it was not as bad as the places her mind was going.

Li Yao chewed on the thought for a while and sighed. "I think we should wait for your brother Han to come and explain; it is not good news at all…"

"Tell me!" Liyue said, calming her nervousness.

A long silence hung in the air, and Li Yao finally relented, "Deeper into the forest, a caravan full of traders were attacked and then killed, a river of blood was left behind.

Supposedly, for a while, there were sounds of earthquakes echoing out from around there… that meant two people at the Power Born level were fighting, and the next news I heard was that, currently, the entire Southern Lust City is in a lockdown; no one is allowed inside, and no one is allowed outside."

"Lockdown? Who is locking it down?" Liyue asked with a frown.

"It is the Rock Clan. They erected huge rocks across the entrances of the city, and no one is allowed in or out now. Moreover, each area has an Evolved guarding it."

"…Why would they lock the entire area down? And… it had to be today…" Gritting her teeth gently, Liyue held back the desire to curse and asked, "What did Big Brother say exactly?"

Yue Li looked at her and said word by word, "Don't annoy me for a while, something interesting is happening, and I am wondering how I am supposed to not piss off my wife if I go away now. And then he came towards you and talked about that deal with Hua Feilan."

Liyue frowned and then gloomily looked down at the ground. "So he really is going to go away somewhere… today…"

Yue Li coughed awkwardly. "Don't tell him I told you that."

Li Yao sighed. "Liyue, those dead traders of the caravan also included children of tender ages, and moreover, there were even pregnant daughters inside… someone came and murdered them all in cold blood. They were all people like us, alive, breathing, hopeful of something, and they died that simply. It is not time for you to be selfish. I think he is as reluctant to go away as you are.

He must have his reasons."

Liyue nodded and then paled as the realisation struck her.

It was hundreds of life that was lost there.

…

The shine of the sun streamed in through the canopies of leaves and was then reflected off of the still pond's surface. Looking at it, Han Li was silent.

"May I know what you wanted?" Hua Feilan asked.

She would have acted coldly earlier, and even now, she still felt a bit that Han Li was taking advantage of Liyue when he was a good-for-nothing.

Han Li was silent for a while and chewed on many considerations. Then, finally, he asked, "My deal stays, and I would like to bind the contract with you. But not some verbal contract, but an actually binding, Magical Contract."

She frowned.

"I don't see what you are talking about."

"Hmm, have you heard of Heart Qi?"

"…Heart Qi?" confused, Hua Feilan asked.

"Yes, it is a power only those great Transcendents have," Han Li looked on distantly, filled with desire. "Someone among them once gifted me a jewel of Heart Qi. Only they know how such powers work and all, but with this jewel, I could bind people's agreements. So much that if you go against it, you will die on the spot."

Hua Feilan's sapphire eyes shone with surprise. "Such things exist?"

"I was also surprised, but sadly, it only works once." Han Li took out a blue gem from his pockets. "Well, I want to use it on our agreement today that even if hell is let loose, you will protect my family at all costs till I come back."

Hua Feilan frowned and grew thoughtful.

"Such precious thing, using that would be a waste…" she muttered. "You can actually just believe me and give me that gem instead of the sacred coins as payment. I am a forthright person; I have never gone against any of my promises."

Han Li coldly looked at her, but she didn't notice it.

If she wouldn't accept to bind a contract with him, he would kill her here and now. There can be no one who knows he had Heart Qi without being bound by that knowledge itself.

Not everyone was Yang Wei. This woman just had Average Talent as a Transformation Type Cultivator. Her Dao Soul was Fire Peacock, and she could transform into one.

But with her Average Dao Soul, her cultivation was as good as none against him. His body was stronger than hers, and he could see the tender neck clearly—one thought, and she wouldn't even have a chance to resist.

He smiled.

"This is the final deal. Let us vow with each other using the gem as our intermediate, and you protect them for the next three days. As simple as that, and for your understanding, let me also tell you this: the chance of something dangerous happening is almost zero, but I just don't feel comfortable with the city the way it is now."

She looked at him with a sigh. "The gem is such a waste, but I can see you might be suspicious… I would be too… but before using it, may I know what is happening?"

Han Li nodded. "Demons. A horde of them. Evolution Stage mainly, and some below it too, are joining together in a hunt of young children of all three clans of Southern Lust City."

She frowned heavily. "You mean?"

"Yes. So many evil men," he chuckled inside at the wording, and then continued, "so many of them waited inside the city and outside it, capturing Starlight, Rock, and Raven Clan children one by one when they got the chance before running away."

A silent second later, she said through gritted teeth.

"Magical Resource refining using children as the base. Repulsive!"

Han Li nodded solemnly.

Now that he thought of it, he had also seen someone like that in the city, but to think there were tens of them all in cahoots was news to him. Something that he was sure had not happened in his last life.

"These demons seem to be aiming at our city mainly, and the most fearsome fact is not that. There is something scarier. Something I can't figure out why."

She gulped. "What?"

"There is a Power Born behind them. And this guy is strong enough to keep escaping the three Power Borns of all three clans while keeping the Demonic Evolved protected. And he is doing this on purpose and leading the Power Borns away one by one."

She paled. "A Power Born Demon? Aren't we supposed to notify the Demon Restraining Temple immediately? And shouldn't you also notify your clan head that you think they are being led somewhere?"

Han Li chuckled.

"They are all smart men. They must know they are being led. And Miss Hua, here is where I need your help."

"In what?" she asked, her forehead covered in sweat now. So many things were happening.

"I want to go out for a while," he said, "but I am worried about those demons entering the city seeking revenge or anything along those lines. I am sure the Power Born backing won't do that openly, but some Evolved might come, and if they do, I want you to protect my family. In fact, you should stay in hiding with them till I come back."

"Where are you headed, and why today of all days?"

Han Li smiled.

"Well, you see, that is not part of our deal. You just have to protect them till I come back."

She frowned and thought for a long time. Then sighed.

"It is deal, bind us together or whatever. I would have gone into hiding in such a situation anyway, and this information is really valuable knowledge."

Han Li nodded and extended the gem towards her.

Releasing his Heart Qi, he swore on it as a deal, and sensing the weird power, she also nodded and recited what he told. It was a simple deal that would expire in three days. But even after that, they were not allowed to expose today's events to anyone else.

Han Li could have tried to take advantage of her, but he didn't. At the same time, the gem in his hand vanished into his Empty Space.

She looked at his bare hand and nodded.

"Three days. I hope you tell me what was special about today then. I cannot use the information against you now, after all. I am rather curious."

Han Li said coolly with a chuckle. "I won't mind if you become my woman. What do you say?"

She shook her head.

"Not possible."

Han Li chuckled.

"Well, consider it a goodwill from an old friend; if you see something around that flies off like a firefly but is the size of a head, catch it and hide it. If someone sees you with it that is not my family, kill them immediately or at least bind them. That thing is a treasure Power Borns would kill for. And now, around here, tens of them are running like fallen coins."

She was stunned.

"So you are going in search of this thing?"

Han Li wryly coughed.

"I am, but I have to speak with my wife first."

"Isn't it… too dangerous for a Spark-less?"

Han Li sighed.

"I have my ways…"

She nodded, and then they walked back the way they had come to the wedding area.

Han Li muttered inside himself, 'Maybe it is finally a chance I will get to have some practical training before I fight Yang Wei.'

Just as he reached the clearing of the marriage once again, he saw the chattering crowd and the people around once more. His gaze roaming, it finally landed on a young man who was being fed his dishes by another mature man.

"Li Ming, any other news you got?" Han Li asked with a smile.

Li Ming looked at him curiously and then nodded. "I just got more news…" he looked at Hua Feilan inquisitively.

"Speak, she is not an issue."

Li Ming raised an eyebrow and then nodded. "That Power Born is a woman. One of my boyfriends, this uncle, just came from that area. And he says he saw a glimpse of her and the Starlight Head fighting in the distance before he ran here."

Han Li looked at Li Ming and asked, "Nothing more?"

"Nothing more," he shook his head.

Nodding, Han Li walked towards the tree hollow with a thoughtful mind.

'Woman, Power Born… at this point in time, who was here that matched all the details…'

Pushing aside the green vines, he entered, and immediately, three gazes focused on him.

Especially intense was one gaze that seemed to look at him with all sorts of emotions.

"Liyue…" Han Li smiled wryly. "Don't worry, I have an idea."

Liyue looked at him with tearful eyes, and he could see they had a lot of questions.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127 - 127: Hidden Undercurrents
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Liyue…" Han Li smiled wryly. "Don't worry, I have an idea."

"What idea? What is happening in the first place?" she asked, seated on his lap now.

Hua Feilan had already taken her leave for now to prepare some things, and their family was the only one currently in the hollow. Yue Li and Li Yao sat to the side, looking at them focusedly.

Han Li pondered for a second and looked at his wife.

How weird.

Even though he had seen such things as mere titles, there was still a warmth to the name. Maybe it wasn't all meaningless wording.

"Let me first tell you what is going on." He stroked Liyue's hair. "And you can decide my actions from here on since I am also a bit hesitant about the choice, and the benefits barely match the risk."

Feeling the warmth of his hand as he glided his hands across her head, she grew silent and listened for what was happening.

"Basically, many cruel cultivators are attacking the city, and all three clans are in a startled state. Some of even the Starlight Clan kids are in their hands, supposedly—kidnapped. And we can't enter the city now; most probably, some of the demons are inside the city, too."

"Why are they attacking?" Liyue asked, grasping her brother's robe. Nervous.

Han Li thought about this question deeply for a second and then spoke out his thoughts, "Detached Empty Spaces. Have you heard of it, any three of you?"

They shook their heads.

"The empty spaces inside us is a mysterious space that holds our Sparks, Dao Souls, and everything of that sort. And when someone at the stage of Power Birth or higher dies, their empty spaces disintegrate into the atmosphere, while their sparks or dao souls rise to the sky—in myths, they are said to one day transform into stars."

They nodded once more.

They had heard of it before.

"But there is a rare chance of an Empty Space not disintegrating, and then it transforms into a treasure. A physical orb that could actually be touched physically. The Dao Soul inside it would still phase through its physical bounds and fly off into the sky once the cultivator dies, but not the Empty Space in itself—that is, if the rare instance occurred in the first place."

"What can it be used for?" Liyue asked softly, feeling him stroke her lips through her veil with his own lips. She could also feel the warmth of his breath.

Han Li smelled the unique scent of his wife and spoke, "It can be absorbed to gain a hell of a lot of energy, and I can absorb it slowly over some months; even one of them would cause my cultivation speed to skyrocket for a few days. And not only that, it can be used to cook some special recipes in my hand."

Yue Li asked, feeling something amiss deep inside her. "I don't know Xiao Li; I don't like what is happening."

Frowning, Han Li looked at his mother. "Why?"

Li Yao and Liyue also wondered about that question. In Liyue's mind, she had already accepted that her Big Brother wouldn't be there today on their own first night, and she was planning just to have a good time before he went away and wait till he came back. As frustrated as she was, he had taught her to seize opportunities when it was before her; she can't contradict him now.

But it would be better if some kind of actually good reason made him decide not to go today.

"Xiao Li, I don't know… something about this whole thing seems very unsettling to me."

Han Li frowned deeply.

"For no reason at all?"

She nodded.

He frowned even deeper.

According to his thoughts, the only treasure that was around here at this point in time that could incite a Power Born level battle was the Detached Empty Spaces that was supposed to be near this city, hidden somewhere even he didn't know, not yet excavated or usable.

The only reason he came to the conclusion that it was these empty spaces was due to one single thing. There was nothing around here worthy of Power Borns taking action except that—rarely would people as intelligent as the Power Born willingly risk their lives. Petty things normally never bothered them.

They wouldn't fight with another Power Born even if their Clan Children were stolen at times. People below Power Born didn't really matter to them at all—it was that simple.

'There were no eternal enemies, only eternal benefits.'

For people the age Han Li had been, revenge and emotional things were never worthy of their life, if they still lived without offing themselves after 500 years, they had a reason, an ambition, worth living for.

Then it could only be that particular treasure which he wasn't sure when it would pop up. Detached Empty Spaces.

'Mom's instincts…' he pondered.

"So here are the losses and benefits: if I mess up, I might get my identity of an Evolved exposed. If I don't and everything goes well, I can lessen tens of months of cultivation into months or even days if luck had it. And I am more than 60% sure everything will go well."

Yue Li and Li Yao looked at each other nervously while Liyue looked at Han Li's face.

"What will happen if you fail and you are exposed?"

"Not at all worth the risk!" Li Yao said calmly. "You would become the complete attention of the whole world around us. Many will come to kill you."

Han Li remained silent.

That was true.

Being too much of a genius was not good.

18 years of age was too young for an Evolved.

But the reason he was even considering it was one fact.

If the Power Borns aren't included, he had a 100% chance of returning as if nothing ever happened.

"Liyue, so, leave that behind you; I was just speaking to clear my own head. But I will leave you the chance to decide. No matter what, I won't die, so don't worry. Would you mind me going out for a while and returning on a day I promised to be with you? When I return, I will devote all my time exclusively to you for three days. Not even bothering with the other two."

Liyue remained silent.

Even if he said it in a joking way, even Yue Li and Li Yao didn't consider this a joke. At all.

He was doing something dangerous.

Yue Li worriedly asked, frustrated, "Don't you usually do such things without telling us? You even evolved that way. Why the change now?"

Han Li looked at her.

"I wouldn't have told you this, but you see, you have to stay three days somewhere else hidden, and knowing everything is better than not knowing."

Yue Li snorted.

"You are not going anywhere. If you do, I am coming with you, and that's it. You have no reason to risk your life when you have me."

Li Yao and Liyue were startled at the words, wondering about the hidden meaning and blushing slightly. Indeed, he could cultivate faster by bedding them after all; that was enough.

Han Li, on the other hand, thought about the [Luck-Chat System] he hadn't used at all the past few days. If he had the right resources, maybe he could trade it for a detached Empty Space, too. He had never tried that in the past life—so maybe.

'Hmm, so stubborn…' He chuckled inside, 'Maybe I should do it another way. In fact, I had been a bit blinded by greed and…'

His eyes darkened.

It was not his mother's instinct alone that had noticed it.

Something was happening that was making him unsettled deep down. Something that he couldn't quite put his fingers on. There was this gnawing sensation at the depths of his heart that just wouldn't go away after the timeline changed this time.

And there was something hazy about everything, as if he was missing something or as if his head was being led astray by some magical force from the actual truth. Something was going on that he didn't know about.

And that, more than anything, made him want to participate in this fight some way or the other. Only then could he know this thing—that might as well be a wrench in his plans if he let it play as it wanted—clearly.

Until he was sure of what it was and he was under control, his sleep wouldn't be peaceful, no matter what it was.

Sigh…

Even his deals were ignored. They really didn't want him to go.

So, more than the tangible benefits, he had to go fight to understand what the change was in the timeline and what long repercussions it might have.

"Moms, Liyue, this wedding is far from over. We would do it once more, and next time, 10 times more luxuriously—and our First time Liyue, I will make it a memorable one that we will remember even eternities later."

Yue Li got ready to block his path. She was a bit agitated, and she was ready to actually fight. "Xiao Li, listen, stop. I am coming with you."

Han Li chuckled.

He wouldn't have normally let her come, but this time, he had a plan.

"Okay."

"Big Brother," Liyue called out from his lap.

He looked at his wife.

"Can I come too?"

He shook his head.

"Mom would be helpful, but you will be a burden."

Her heart shivered.

She nodded.

Han Li kissed her gently through the net of her veil. "But don't worry, I love you. I really do. In fact, I wouldn't really mind staying behind and hiding with you if it weren't for some doubts I have."

"...You love me?"

Han Li smiled.

"What? You still feel that distance with me you once talked about that I need to spell it out for you?"

Liyue sighed.

"3 days... my first night is ruined... what a bad day... my wedding gift better be grand. Or I might get mad at you. And I think I am better at being mad than Mother Yue."

Han Li awkwardly brooded.

Liyue brushed aside her hair from near her nape and showed it to him, her eyes shining gently.

"And also, give me that hickey thing."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128 - 128: A little hidden truth Han Li was just told.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li and Han Li were in a part of the forest that not many came to; they were holding each other's hands and waiting patiently. His mother cheerfully said, "I thought you wouldn't let me come, to be honest."

Smiling to himself, Han Li threw a side eye at her. "Want to go back?"

Yue Li pouted.

"I am finally getting a chance to do something interesting, so don't you dare change the plan mid-way." Her eyes lit up while talking, and she murmured in his ears, "I can pay with my body. A lot. You see, a lot!"

Han Li chuckled and shifted his gaze to the great wall in front of him. This was the wall of the Sothern Lust city. In fact, directly beyond it was the Starlight Zone. At the moment, the Zone was protected by 3 Evolved on all sides, and any suspicious movement was being inspected with scrutiny.

Truthfully, if he and his family did want to go back into the city even while it was in lockdown, it was not impossible. They were not ordinary people in this city; they were the members of the Starlight Clan, and the Rock Clan would let them through after enough bargaining and inspection. No matter what the situation was, they had some basic rights that others wouldn't have in their homeland.

But Han Li liked to keep his family off of a possible crossfire. His wife, her mother, and Hua Feilan had already moved to somewhere where they would be completely safe—they had ridden on a carriage to the west, towards a hidden cave that Han Li knew about. Through a way that most wouldn't choose to go. They were safe.

Even if somebody wanted to go find them, it would be impossible unless they had a map or knowledge of the place he had sent them to, and so far in this timeline, he was the only one who knew of that place. And even if, by some abysmal chance, someone found Hua Feilan and the others, the one protecting them, Hua Feilan herself, was no weakling.

She was a proper Transformation Type Evolved. Fire Peacock Dao Soul she had could help her fight or even call for help just in case, and her connections were far and wide as the one nicknamed the Friend of all Women.

"It is here," Han Li smirked to himself.

Atop the fifty-meter-tall walls, something dark gently slipped through and silently moved out. Falling towards him. Han Li held out his hand, and the flying sword gently closed in, defying the restraints of gravity.

"So cool!" Yue Li exclaimed, filled with envy.

Han Li's outstretched hand gently wrapped around the hilt of the rusty sword and then rested it on his back. "Cool indeed," he replied.

"But wouldn't the guards have noticed?" Yue Li worriedly asked.

Han Li looked at her in surprise. "Wow, you can think?"

She clicked her tongue in disapproval, but she was generally happy now, so she didn't make a fuss and squinted at him. "What did you just do?"

Han Li took her hand and walked the opposite route from the wall.

"You see, Mom, this dull and rusty dark sword has many abilities. It is a simple thing of wonder that I don't know the limit of."

"Oh?" Yue Li skipped on her feet with him.

"Mainly, the sword has three functions."

"Ah, I love this magical stuff. Go on, go on."

"One big power it has is that it or its use cannot be sensed using Soul Sense easily, especially if that is my intent—if I wish to hide it, no one in this whole world can sense this sword using their soul sense."

Yue Li released her Spark out into her hand and tried to sense it.

In fact, she couldn't sense it at all as she expected.

"So you flew it here without caring about someone actually 'seeing' it with their eyes?" Yue Li curiously questioned. Her son was smarter than her, so he wouldn't miss something she didn't.

"I did, but there is a catch; I flew it near the darkest area of the wall, so it is rather inconspicuous there, so no worries. Even if someone did see it, it happened far from our home, and no one would suspect us; by the time someone is atop the roof to check, we will be far gone."

"Smart." She chuckled.

Han Li shook his head.

"Not smart. Experience."

"You have done this before?" Yue Li grew curious.

Han Li nodded.

"I have done this and a lot more; I will tell you someday."

"So you have indeed been keeping secrets. I knew it, though…" she said in a gloomy tone.

"You knew?" Han Li smiled.

"Of course I'd know…" She gave him a gentle fist bump on the back of his head. "I might be dumb, but unlike Liyue and Li Yao, I know you. There are a lot of changes in you subtly that I kept track of; if you wanted to hide, you should have hidden it better."

Han Li was surprised. A bit.

"So why didn't you ask?"

Yue Li smiled, too. "Even though I made you promise not to keep secrets between us anymore, I did keep that secret of me being from another world and such, and you didn't mind and allowed me to do whatever I wanted without asking and even waited till you were a whole eighteen years old without asking me a single time who your father was."

Han Li paused his step.

"I am not so ungrateful, and you remember when I had the depression and such…" she coughed slightly, "I thought a lot about it then, wondering what my little boy was hiding from his mother so much… you know, other than the negative emotions I felt towards Liyue and Li Yao, that hurt me just as much at that point, I just didn't tell you, and surprisingly, you didn't notice."

Han Li began walking once more with her hands held tighter in his.

"So that is why your heart healed faster than normal, no wonder. I was rather confused about the whole thing, you know? I had a feeling it healed before I licked your f—"

Yue Li tightened her hold on his arm. Filled with shame. "Don't say that."

"Okay," Han Li smiled. "So, even before I did that, I had a feeling you had already healed, and I was right, so I myself was also a core reason for your so-called depression other than your own lack of self-worth then. What helped you in the end? And you should have told me this sooner."

Yue Li followed beside him and then said with a sigh. "I had been keeping it in me for a while, you see. I was thinking along the lines of, 'Why is my baby not telling me his secret?' and 'Does he feel distant from me?' and so on and so forth, along with feeling mad at Liyue and Li Yao—ashamedly so—for slowly stealing you from me."

"So it was even worse than how I saw it…"

"It was. A bit. And then I had this thought, 'Ah, my son is so worried about me. I can see him often frowning, far more than he usually does, and he is thinking of it all the time.' And there was…" she blushed in shame, "There was also that promise you gave me at the start when I was just heartbroken, saying you would do what you did at the last. Both combined, and something clicked in me."

Han Li felt her movements lighten as they moved further into the forest. By now, thick trees covered their paths, holding them in the embrace of their shadows and all around, the amount of different fauna and flora that was only found deep in these areas.

"It finally clicked. Xiao Li, ask me what you did."

"What did?"

"It clicked in me that you loved me the same when I kept the secret of your birth and my system and even my origin. So why can't I love you and you love me when there are a lot of secrets about each other that we don't know about? And I was also sure that you wouldn't keep such a secret for no reason."

"So you felt much lighter after that, and you still made me lick—"

"Xiao Li!"

"Well, don't keep secrets from me even if you are thinking such profound things with that dumb head of yours."

"Then don't keep secrets from me too. What is your secret?"

"I will tell you when the time comes. Not now."

"Argg, bastard, I knew you'd say that… even when we're having such a heart-to-heart moment. Bastard! A stingy bastard who doesn't even reciprocate his mom's love!!"

Han Li shook his head. "I didn't make you lick—"

"Stop right there!" She snorted. "That was a mistake that we both have to forget. A big mistake, I say, and you have to forgive me for that."

"Ah, I hope I don't do that mistake by mistake again then."

"Don't. It frightens me to even think of it. Even if you liked doing such things, please forget about it. We would never do it again. That is over."

Han Li's eyes twitched. And she didn't think at all about his own feelings like that when it came to her blowjobs.

"More than that, what are the other powers of your sword? I will wait for the secrets, but not these."

"Ah, this sword can show me the whole life of anybody I slash it once with. I used it on my previous enemy, too," Han Li chuckled. That was why he was so sure the current things were totally unrelated to the mysterious Spirit and Yang Wei.

He knew everything about that rival of his.

"Whole life?" She gulped. "Super OP power. And…"

She grew thoughtful.

"Xiao Li, when we are back home, use that power on me and try if you can see my other life."

Han Li was a bit hesitant but asked, "Are you sure?"

She scoffed once more.

"Unlike a certain someone, I don't have anything to hide."

Han Li coughed awkwardly and changed the subject.

"The third power of the sword is that it can fly. In fact, if I think of it as a power, I have a connection to the sword even if I am far away, so I can always call for it, and it will act like it has intelligence and come towards me."

"Hmmm… maybe there is a sword spirit inside it?" Yue Li asked.

"What is that?" Han Li curiously asked.

Yue Li coughed. "You are uncultured. And whatever, where are we going?"

Han Li smirked.

"To the Elephant Rock."

"Oh…!!!" Yue Li exclaimed. "What is that?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129 - 129: Smoking head.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh…!!!" Yue Li exclaimed. "What is that?"

"You will see when we reach there, and Mom, can I tell you something now that we are having this heart-to-heart and all."

"Hmm, tell, tell."

Han Li was silent for a second and then said, "I have already told you this before, but I will tell you this once more. Don't box in your thoughts to things in a limit of 'Evil' and 'Righteous' so much."

"Uh… what do you mean?"

Han Li pushed aside the grass and, without leaving marks of his passage by doing something rash, like cutting off the branches before him, moved forward.

"Not only you, but Liyue also has this issue, you see," he said, "But she is a girl who has a knack for learning things by herself after some bit of leading, so I had never told her this, but you are not like that. You are a little dumb animal who only knows what is in front of you."

"I am not that dumb!"

"Continue being delusional, then."

Yue Li was irritated, but she knew her son had labeled her dumb years ago, and unless some miracle happened, that wouldn't change.

"So what are you saying anyway? I could, at least, try to learn."

"You see, calling something Evil or Righteous is stupid. There can never be such light and darkness so simply. Let me ask you a question now: if a savior has to kill a single infant in order to save a million people, what is the right thing to do then?"

Yue Li grew thoughtful.

"In fact, the choice I mentioned might seem wild and so far from you now, but reality is like that in almost everything. I won't really say moral virtues are meaningless, Mom, since I would find it harsh if you or Liyue became a Demon who has no morality. But in the end, there is a fine line of understanding that most people lack."

"That is?"

"The righteous code of conduct was built by thousands of years of understanding and comprehending civilization. You could say it is a way of conformist thinking that makes you want to do what others think you will do."

"I don't get it."

"I mean the process by which people change their beliefs, attitudes, actions, or perceptions to more closely match those held by groups to which they belong or want to belong or by groups whose approval they desire. Honestly speaking, our little Liyue is a great example.

"She is a nice person, a very good, loving, and righteous girl. But she loves me a lot and loves the family we have built just as much. What do you think she would become if I was a demonic and uncaring husband who would only care about her if she also became like me, a demon who murders others?"

Yue Li swallowed a wad of saliva.

"In fact, Mom, what would you have done if I would only love you if you killed others?"

A long silence passed as they left behind one tree after the other.

"If you would only love me if I did that…" Yue Li's hand trembled slightly. "I don't want to think about it."

"It's alright, don't think about it since I don't want you to go kill someone. But you see the core point: you want to be accepted by me, and thus, you willingly consider your options rationally—they are to either be demonic like I want you to be or forget about me."

Yue Li nodded; she could see he was leading her somewhere.

"Just like that, all living things are thrown an option as they age: righteousness and demonism. But this time, it is not to be accepted by their lover but to be accepted by something far more gigantic, something almost fundamental to their existence—the world itself as they see it.

"And that is, Mom, to be accepted by the society itself where we live. If we choose Righteousness, society will accept us; it will embrace us like its child that we are, but if not? It will hate us; it will be our enemy. Our mind handles it perfectly; just like all the others, we will come to think of things as 'good' and 'bad' based on what society tells us.

And more often than not, the highest powers decide what the society even thinks. So, we choose what is 'good' and 'bad' based on that higher power's wishes."

Yue Li held his hand tightly.

"Just think of it, Mom: all around the world, people would think that our relationship is weird and uncanny—something that shouldn't be. But why? What if the rules, the higher-ups that created the rules that people are said to follow, told that the rules had changed and now such familial relations are a must, and that is what is righteous to do?"

Han Li mocked, "You would see far too many like us, if not in love, in lust. The news would change the world in two days at most.

But since the higher power says it is bad, everyone thinks it is weird; you also think it is weird; you are wired that way from the start because you had chosen, or in other words, it had been branded into you, that belonging to society is your purpose in life from the start."

"Branded?" Yue Li asked softly.

"That is simple—even you had told me to be a good boy a thousand times, to act according to the goodness of society, have you not? All of us are grown that way, and the option of demonic beliefs isn't even a consideration in the whole scheme of things. From the start, people are slaves to the thoughts of society."

Yue Li sighed. "I really am having a hard time picturing your ideas. I can feel there is something profound about what you are saying, but I keep missing it."

Han Li chuckled.

"Maybe someday you might understand. Anyway, whatever may happen in the future and whatever you may become, Mom, just know that your son will be here for you. Even if you are the worst of demons or the most righteous of saints, I will be there; never think you are not what I came to love, no matter what you may become as years pass."

Yue Li smiled. "What? You do know to be nice at times, don't you? Be like that all the time, and stop teasing me like you do. I know you think I am beautiful even when you say something looks ugly anyway; might as well be straightforward."

Han Li sighed.

"All those meaningful things said to a monkey would only be like throwing it a banana. What a dumbass. All of it went over your head, didn't it?"

Yue Li coughed.

"No issue, this buddha has learned her lesson."

Han Li's eyes twitched.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130 - 130: Reaching the Elephant Rock
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In an underground cavern.

The walls were covered with humid moss; it was an expansive space. The world here was usually barren and empty, full of darkness, but today, a bonfire brightened it.

Liyue and Li Yao were taking warmth from there while Hua Feilan burned some mushrooms with it. Silence hung like that for a while, with the sound of wood burning echoing silently until it was broken by the soft words of Hua Feilan.

"Tell me, Liyue." she asked, "I underestimated your man, didn't I?"

Liyue had already changed from her conspicuous wedding Qipao and was looking at the bonfire with a distant gaze. Her head was filled with fantasies and a rather glum feeling; in fact, the best way to explain it would be to say a fishbone stuck in her throat.

Li Yao, on the other hand, had a pipe in her hand that she was curiously examining.

"Underestimate…" Liyue muttered, her clear gaze reflecting the fire burning high. "Why do you say so?"

Hua Feilan shook her head.

"Even this cave in itself is an answer, such a great hiding place even my own hiding places that I have accumulated through decades pale in comparison. And his way of handling himself in itself gives me the creeps for some reason, now that I think about it."

"Yeah, he is special." Liyue sighed. "I wonder what he is doing now…"

Li Yao stretched her back and looked down at the comfortable sheets spread beneath them. She fell on the sheets and put the pipe aside. It couldn't possibly replace her liquor. She should have brought some liquor.

She wondered why she didn't.

It had been missed by her.

"What can that brat be doing?" she scoffed at Liyue's question. "It's already been hours. He would either be flirting somewhere with his mom or speaking some kind of profound thing that is of no use to us."

"Mom…"

"Sigh… Yue'er, he is not someone you need to be worried about; in fact, I am worried about others."

Liyue threw a glance at her.

"No wonder I always felt that you and Big Brother had a problem with each other. You guys don't see eye to eye, do you?" she asked softly.

Li Yao was silent and thoughtful.

"You think so?"

Liyue nodded.

"Not exactly eye to eye, it is like you often avoid him or he avoids you… it could be a misunderstanding on my part, though."

Li Yao nodded. "It is a misunderstanding. We get along as much as you do, just that I don't like public show of affection like you both seem to do."

Liyue swallowed a wad of saliva. She was talking about such things with her mother. Her heartbeat quickened. "So you do like his non-public show of affection?"

"We're not having a conversation about that unless it is important," Li Yao sighed. "And I should be the one asking such questions since you are with him more than I am."

Hua Feilan also curiously looked at them as the mushroom burning began to release popping sounds. Whatever it was, and however she felt about Liyue's and Li Yao's situation of both a mother and daughter sharing one man, it was not a super rare event in the seven continents.

Yes, it was a bit rare, but some influential people did have such relations, unlike a sexual relationship with their own actual mothers, which was super rare. At the moment, Hua Feilan was thinking about Li Yao's remark about Han Li flirting with his mother with a thoughtful face.

'So there are children in this world who can see their mothers that way?' she sighed. 'This person really is rather… unconventional. I wonder what Liyue saw in him to be so swooning.'

"Mom," Liyue smiled. "I think you shouldn't bother about public affection and such if you are not really too bothered. You could be much more outgoing that way. In fact, as of now, you seem more in a shell than I was."

Li Yao sighed. "But there is a difference; I can speak with anyone with confidence and do anything I want, unlike you, who is unable to do it even now. And don't get me wrong, Han Li and I have a really good relationship that we don't show much outside—which I asked him not to."

Liyue shyly scratched her cheek. "That is true; I am still nervous thinking about how we stood in the middle of others and declared each other wife and husband… Ah, we will have to do it again. Argg, I want to do it once more, but I don't want to either."

Li Yao chuckled. "I wonder how you are so comfortable around Feilan in the first place to speak about such things before her."

Hua Feilan chuckled. "That's because she is my friend."

Li Yao rolled her eyes but didn't say anything further.

"Leave that, Feilan. Can you arrange for some Liquor? My daughter's husband will pay you handsomely. I assure you."

Hua Feilan chuckled. "Of course, I have some with me. In fact, a lot."

"No way, where? I didn't see any."

"My liquor looks and smells like water…"

"Wow, such things exist?"

"Of course it does. You see, one of my friends even makes these amazing fruit wines whose effect can last for seven months if you drink them."

Li Yao's eyes lit up in excitement.

"Tell me more about this stuff. Unbelievable!"

As they were deep into their conversation, Liyue smiled and looked at the mushrooms.

"Looks tasty. Can I have some?"

Both of the older women laughed.

"You know what that mushroom is?"

Liyue shrank.

"I don't want to know now."

"It is a beautiful thing," Li Yao smiled, "You should try it, Liyue."

Liyue had creeps all over and hid in her sheets. "I don't want any!"

***

Han Li walked under the shade of dawn in the shadows of a heavy jungle. He was carrying his mother on his back; she languidly wrapped her hands around his neck, and her legs dangled to his front, but her thighs were gently supported by Han Li as he walked forward silently.

She was asleep and even gently snoring, so he didn't bother her awake.

Barely anyone could handle trekking for more than 3 hours without getting completely tired. And even though his mom wasn't exactly tired, he felt like he wanted to pamper her for a second, and this was the end result.

She had been nibbling on his nape till now, trying to exact her 'revenge' for the hickeys he had given her, but her son's skin was too thick. After miserably failing for a while and feeling her teeth ache, she had fallen victim to laziness and comfort and slept just like that on his back.

Han Li didn't mind. In fact, he felt a calmness he didn't want to break so quickly.

"Mom, we're near our destination."

Yue Li dazedly opened her eyes but then fell asleep again.

Smiling to himself, Han Li walked past a great tree, and finally, a huge mountain rock came into his sight. It looked like a wide, green elephant.

"The Elephant Rock," he muttered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131 - 131: Inside the rock.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li woke up half an hour later, her gaze blurry; she found herself lying against her usual bed—her son's chest. Dazedly gazing up, she found his eyes were closed as he leaned against the dark stone; he was taking a rest.

She looked at him for a bit, a second later, smiled, and went back to sleep on top of him.

"If you had a father, he would be cursed to have a son like you," she muttered.

Maybe Han Li had heard it; he cradled her gently in his embrace, and she silently snuggled deeper into him like a squirrel in its nest. Just like that, more time passed.

Once again, Yue Li woke up, dazed to find that familiar sensation of her son's tongue gently exploring her lips and fighting with her tongue in a battle for dominance. A battle where the son always conquered the mother. But she didn't push him back instinctually; her instinct had long become one to continue the kiss.

Some seconds later, he broke the kiss, and they breathed heavily; she looked at him; somehow, he seemed to shine with a green light, filled with an ethereal aura.

"Ah, I missed that kiss," she said in a voice evident she was waking up from a deep sleep.

"I missed it too."

"Where are we?" Yue Li asked, looked around, and her eyes grew large with fascination. It was a small cavernous room of sorts, filled with shining moss that leaked a gentle green light all around them.

"No wonder I felt you looked ethereal, Xiao Li, so beautiful."

"I told you. You would like this place," Han Li laughed. "I once had this weird daydream of bringing you here and stripping your clothes gently as you looked at me with surprise."

Yue Li looked at him with surprise. "Daydream?"

"Yeah, gently breaking your defenses as my hand gently roamed through your back to your butt, caressing it gently and asking for your consent, which you will not give because of your shyness, but I would continue regardless… and haha, that's it."

Yue Li swallowed.

"Getting me horny right after I woke up; wanna do that?" she groggily muttered.

Han Li smiled. "Nah, not yet time to be horny. We have to wait till midnight to do it."

"Midnight?"

"Hmm, yes, midnight. We are, at the moment, inside the Elephant Rock, and it is already nighttime outside, just one more hour for midnight."

"What will happen then? Speak about it."

"We will make love. Like usual."

"Then?"

"We will make more love."

"Fufu, why not now?" she seductively whispered in his ears.

"If we do it now, we can't get poisoned, Mom. Until midnight, the poison here is inactive, and it has specific conditions of getting triggered; someone must have intercourse here at midnight for the poison to flare, and I want to make it flair."

"Poison?" she looked at him curiously.

"An Aphrodisiac of sorts, a very powerful one. But we are not doing it simply to get turned on; we're doing it to bring something out: this Elephant rock is not an ordinary rock. I don't really know what it is, but I know this thing is strong enough to resist Power Borns for 10 minutes or so. It can't fight, but it can resist. We will wake it up and release it."

"Wow, so many mysteries. But Isn't this rock just a cultivating animal? A Beast? I've heard of them from Liyue once."

"Ah, no, no, it is not a Beast." Han Li laughed. Thinking about the Bear King who had once torn his face out as he tried to find a lifespan-increasing way for the exact woman frolicking on his lap now.

"Beasts have a uniqueness to them, Mom; they have Beast Cores inside them instead of Empty Spaces and Sparks we humans do, and they do not cultivate as we do; instead, they can Evolve. I've even heard of Lizards Evolving into Snakes and Snakes into something bigger called Imoogi. There are a lot of things you haven't seen, but I will show it all to you one by one."

Yue Li looked at him curiously. She just wanted to hear him speak now, so she asked, not wanting him to stop speaking: "Interesting, tell me more about Beasts."

"These Beasts have 4 Stages of Evolution. Animal, Beast, Beast King, and finally, Beast Emperor. Animals are ordinary animals; Beasts are animals who have eaten some Magical Resources or absorbed enough Energy somehow to create a Beast core inside them; beasts are as strong as Evolution Stage Humans when it comes to their bodies, often time stronger.

Of course, they would lose against us humans all the time as long as we are not dumb. They only have bodies, after all, unless they are not so unique like a Blue Whale or something that had created a Beast Core inside it; they are inferior to us in strength."

"What if a Blue Whale created a beast core?"

"They already had such great bodies, to begin with; a Beast Core would make them undefeatable even for greatly talented cultivators after they evolve to become a beast. So usually, people don't go trigger them for no reason."

"Very nice, so what about Beast Kings?"

"Beast KIngs can only be defeated by Power Borns. And they are strong."

The beast bear who had hurt him then was one like that.

"They are strong then; talk more," she caressed his chest gently.

"The Beast Emperors are a myth. It is a theory that no one knows about; what if a Beast becomes as strong as a transcendent? no beast had ever achieved that feat, though, since it requires a precious Transcendant Orb. Some guess that beasts would gain intelligence if that happens, and some even say the beasts might gain an Empty Space and create Dao Souls of their own and such."

If that happened, in theory, they would be almost as good as the Seven Demon Inheritors. Having both the advantages of Transformation and Ethereal Paths and also unique bodily advantages. But they still wouldn't be able to turn Magic Powers into Talents, which Han Li now regarded as something all 7 Successors of the Seven Sacred Demons might be able to do, just like him.

Maybe he was the only one able to do it, but he was used to thinking in a worst-case scenario.

But he was also a bit curious about the Beast Emperor theory, yet in the end, even normal Transcendants don't have a limit of Transformation or Ethereal, so humans and Beasts wouldn't be that different, he guessed.

"Good info, Xiao Li, now tell me something else."

Han Li smiled. "What do I tell you?"

"Tell me something about your current plan and this rock we are inside," she said, but Han Li could see her face was reddening, and her movements were turning a bit suspicious.

Still, he spoke.

"This rock… everyone believes it is just a rock, but it seems more like some kind of machine, and don't ask me how it is built, and so on, I don't know. I just knew how to enter inside it and nothing else. What I do know of, though, is that it is not alive, and it doesn't have any Beast Core or something like that.

But of course, it is not under my control or anything; I just know a way for it to go berserk. And after it does that, it will once again return to this unmoving state after a while, and yeah, that would be its final use."

"What are you gonna do with it, Handsome?"

Han Li could see she was too turned on to care about what he was saying. He smiled and simply told her what he was about to do, "We will sow chaos first."

"Okay, now talk about something else. Tell me, is your cultivation as an Evolved going well?"

Han Li nodded. "It is going well; my body is also growing stronger, and I am fine but far from my best state at this stage of cultivation, though. So, in your words, I can be cooler. Much cooler than my current state."

"Talk about that best state. And… just don't stop talking."

"Ah, that," Han Li chuckled. "A good cultivator has a balanced way of seeing things that I haven't gotten into while teaching you two or in my own methods yet—Attack, Defense, Movement, and Utility. I will perfect each of those areas, and then my Evolution Stage cultivation will be perfect once my body is as strong as it can be. I have to cultivate Magic Powers on each of those parts and such.

Which I can do some parts at least any time now, by the way."

Even now, he had [39 Dao Crystals]; if he wanted, he could turn a Magic Power of 3 sorts any time he wanted into a Talent by using it while in battle. If such a scenario came, and according to the situation, he could choose the best option.

"Okay, now, whatever, just kiss your mom," she said, moving her face aggressively to nibble on his lips.

He could only let her do whatever she wanted.

Fortunately, she still had a bit of patience and held back with just nibbling on his tongue.

For now.

But he also had a good view of her nape, so he didn't really stop himself either.

Who would, in the face of such a delicacy?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132 - 132: Crimson Night
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The moonlight struck against the Elephant Rock, gently lighting its contours as time gently trickled towards midnight. As serene as the place seemed, though, it was still in the middle of an expansive jungle, and it was a night.

Snakes crawled the ground, hissing as they moved past. Night birds cried and flapped their wings, some hunting, some being hunted. And among all that, or under all that, a conflict was also happening that had the benefits of the greatest powerhouses around the area at stake.

Inside the Elephant Rock, Han Li and Yue Li were leaning against the rock's hard surface, and his mother was assaulting him with kisses and pushing him down to play around with him. sensing it was around midnight, Han Li was just about to forget the last thing that bound his hand. But then, he stopped and pushed his mom's mouth away from his.

Then, he covered her mouth with a hand tightly to silence her.

His heart-qi-tinged soul sense, hidden from normal men, slid out of the Elephant Rock, and his senses expanded. At the same time, a gentle transmission echoed inside his mom's mind: "Mom, someone is coming. Probably a runaway, but let me see, and no matter what, don't make a single noise."

She nodded and pushed down the lust inundating herself at the moment. Han Li focused on his Soul Sense.

Wobbling on his feet was an old man, his body covered in wounds and his grey robes full of blood. On his face, there was a long cut that went deep enough to show his skull. With a single glance, Han Li recognized the man 10 meters away from the Elephant Rock.

'Hou Mang,' Han Li determined. Stunned. Evolved are already escaping?

This was also the route towards another city, so it was reasonable that someone chose this area to escape. Does that mean the conflict was already over, or was this guy just running away in fear?

That was the Demon he had seen in the city who would go on to murder the seven-year-old young boy named Hou Jing to gain more power. But the man seemed haggard and near death; he was holding on to his left hand, which seemed as if it was on the verge of being severed.

'What is going on?' Han Li's eyes sparkled, and he pushed his mom towards his chest. She silently looked at him, her heart beating wildly with excitement and nervousness.

His full focus then moved to the outside world.

…

Hou Mang breathed heavily and walked a step at a time, and as he reached the Elephant Stone, he leaned on it, his blood marring the pristine stone surface.

"Gr…" he groaned.

"What a bad time. I should have just moved the other route."

He leaned back and took a small pouch from his side. With a further grimace, he pulled out a yellowish flower from inside it that seemed to lighten his body in a star-like essence.

"What a waste, what a waste," he muttered and looked at the sky. "I hope this heals me entirely."

Inside the rock, Han Li grew contemplative as the man got ready to eat the flower.

'Starlight Flower. A Magical Resource that could heal the wounds of people on a surface level. It might not be able to heal everything, but it can heal simple wounds like that and make him at least a bit functional.'

It was a resource that came under the "Light Great Dao."

He gently closed his mother's ears with his hands, and outside the rock, a dark thing slowly flashed towards the old man. The old man was an Evolved of the Ethereal Path, and his Dao Soul was of the Smoke Dao. According to his understanding, the reason the old man was grooming that young boy was to strengthen his body—as in, it was not strong yet.

His sword could hurt such flimsy bodies as Top Notch Mortal Physiques even without him using his own hands proficiently.

He hoped that was still the case as his Soul Sense covered the old Hou Mang from all sides, ready to stun him with one of his Talents if need be. But as the Life Sword flashed forward, it gently sunk into the old man's flesh, into his heart, and as his eyes widened and he shrieked, Han Li's cover over his mom's ears tightened ever so gently.

A second later, Hou Mang gently fell to the ground, as dead as dead can be.

The sword circled in midair, cutting off the small pouch in Hou Mang's hand, and, once more, pierced into the body. Its pure strength was based on his Soul's power; it could easily carry a weak body to around a meter height.

It took the body and flew away for a while before dropping it under a small hollow tree, and then, it came back to rest, hidden under the Elephant Rock.

Han Li sighed inside.

'There is a lot of blood around; if someone checked, it would be easy to figure out something happened.'

But his goal was not to hide things from others; as long as the one who hurt Hou Mang couldn't even kill Hou Mang entirely, Han Li believed they couldn't do anything to him either. But he wasn't one to move without being cautious.

Now, he finally had a way to realize what was happening.

The sword moved and pushed up the 'belly' of the Elephant Rock, and as it continued to do that for about 5 minutes with almost all the strength that an ordinary adult might have, a doorway suddenly appeared, and the sword entered, having already shaken off all the bloodstains. It also carried the small pouch with it, whereas, a hand moved out the rock to grab the flower.

Han Li took hold of it, and a second later, the entry closed with a dragging sound.

Chuckling, he closed his eyes and said calmly, "You can relax, Mom."

Yue Li looked at him curiously. "What happened?"

Han Li sighed. "A secret."

Yue Li frowned.

"I also want to use your sword to see your memories someday, or it will be too unfair, Xiao Li."

Han Li saw that she was no longer so aroused and couldn't help but feel it was a pity. He shook his head and said calmly, "Don't worry too much about it now. You are not capable of doing that either."

"Someday?"

"Sure."

"What now then?" she languidly asked, not knowing that a man had died outside. If she had known, she might have been frightened, or maybe disgusted at her son and probably angry too. Even if the person outside was a Demon, his mom would never approve of his action.

She was too naive.

Han Li caressed the back of her head. "Now, I want to do something for some time. I want to check the memories inside the sword that I just absorbed; wait till then, and we will continue."

Yue Li's eyes brightened.

"You wounded our enemy?"

Han Li sighed and took the sword; as it brightened, his senses slowly shut down, and he entered the land of those memories. Yue Li frowned, feeling her gut wrench slightly.

Just before completely falling into the memories, Han Li muttered, "The person outside was a Demon who planned to kill a seven-year-old boy. And probably, also involved in killing the caravan full of people too."

Yue Li frowned even harder. Feeling her skin crawl slightly.

Han Li never wanted to show her the dark side of the world like he wished to do with Liyue. He wanted to keep his mom who she was unless it was her own decision to change.

But she would have to see some things regardless of whether he wanted or not, and today, her being here was important since he would have to use the Luck-Chat System to keep himself safe, so using it to keep his Mom safe was the same as that.

His Mom's presence made both of them safer rather than her being a burden, especially since he had already gotten something as good as a Light Type Magical Resource this early on to trade with. Not that he had thought of this in his plans; it was just a very good addition. With it, he could get something that would help them escape faster. Even if it would only be for one person.

And this would only pile up to be more advantages if he could gain something more; that was why he had brought her here in the first place, especially with the Elephant Rock as a distraction; he was rather sure of his success.

But in the end, bringing her would also mean showing her a bit of his 'other side.' The part of him that was not the gentle son she knew.

***

In a faraway city existed a small clan, the clan barely had 20 people living in it. The family of twenty named themselves the Smoke Clan, and they were rather prosperous. Some time ago, exactly one hundred and twenty years from today, a baby named Hou Mang was born there.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133 - 133: Hou Mang
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In a faraway city existed a small clan, the clan barely had 20 people living in it. The family of twenty named themselves the Smoke Clan, and they were rather prosperous. Some time ago, exactly one hundred and twenty years from today, a baby named Hou Mang was born there.

The day he was born, Hou Mang's father crowned him as the one who would go on to become the next Clan Head—someone who would one day become a Power Born. All of the clan's resources were to be used on him, and all his brothers and sisters could only look on in jealousy.

Hou Mang was born of their father's favorite concubine, and they could do nothing. But at age ten, he awakened his Spark, and his intelligent father understood a great fault.

This son of his had the worst talent.

His Smoke Spark was barely a baby fist size; he could barely sense a meter around him with his Soul Sense. More than that, Hou Mang was not as intelligent as he expected him to be, either. Unlike the cunning concubine, whom he had come to swoon so much.

But still, Hou Mang wasn't treated badly, and he slowly grew up to be a youth of 18 years of age. In the City, he had a great reputation; to build a clan, someone had to be a Power Born, and his father was a Power Born, even though an ailing one.

No reputation was better than that in his city.

The old man was at the end of his lifespan and would soon die. But even a dead camel was thicker than a horse, and his father wasn't dead. With that reputation, Hou Mang began to grow a bit cocky.

He began to take away young girls from their homes and murder husbands wantonly as he wished to, but his father was a righteous man; he saved the girls from him and made him officially take them under his wing. And he was given a strong warning to never, ever repeat it.

He agreed with a bowed head.

He was sure as long as that cunning fox of a mother was in his back, he could do anything.

Then, he slowly grew up to be more righteous. He killed bandits from around their city and saved the woman they stole. Some women among them became his through 'rightful' ways, and this continued for three years when he lost interest in such things altogether and focused on becoming a successful cultivator instead.

And that was when it happened.

No, his father didn't die.

The Concubine cheated on his father instead with an Evolution Stage and even an extremely ugly cultivator who had hopes of becoming a Power Born, and more than anything, his father caught it red-handed.

One greyish Smoke had covered the whole city, and in the man's wrath, many had died. But for some reason, the man didn't kill him and let him escape.

At age 32, Hou Mang became an Evolved and returned to the city. His father was too weak even for a power Born now, and he himself had let most of his wives and concubines take their leave—to do whatever they wanted.

Hou Mang was disgusted at his father's hypocrisy and went to meet him, but unexpectedly, they ended up having a long conversation about the fate of human life and how fickle it was.

Hou Mang's father then gave him an old scroll filled with random details.

"This scroll contains a method of Body strengthening that is far superior to the ones available around us. You can gain a very strong body that can withstand about ten or twenty full-power attacks of a normal Transformation Type cultivator, but it needs you to have children of your bloodline with similar cultivation to you.

No need for them to Evolve, just Awakening is enough, and a half-assed Awakening at age seven would do the trick."

"When had you entered the demonic path?"

"I never did; that was a mistake; for me, kill as much as you can."

And that was what Hou Mang did.

He went around in cities, killing mortals when he felt like it to complete the demonic technique, and slowly, even without any resources, his body became as strong as Top Tier Mortal Physiques, but after that, it got stuck, and he needed a child.

But he was attacked by a powerful, Righteous woman, and then, even though he escaped, he had to be bedridden for 59 years, and when he was able to walk again due to a miraculous Magical Resource, he was more than 100 years old. But he had no bloodline of his own, so he went around, and a child was born to him, Hou Jing.

A young boy who called him Grandpa.

Seven years later, he was walking with Hou Jing all over the cities, collecting materials he could; slowly but surely, he was reaching his goals, and soon, he was near another city, Southern Lust City. The city was at the southern edge of Sacred Lust Continent.

Some distance away were the rivers and ocean; he was rowing a boat gently while telling Hou Jing some stories, slowly nearing that city, when suddenly, a dark-robed woman appeared on his boat, her face cold and her eyes colder.

"Hou Mang, right?" she asked coldly.

Hou Mang shivered and answered, "Yes."

"My lady says to give this to every demon I come across. If you speak of this to anyone else, the trap worm technique I just planted into you will be triggered, and you will die. Do what you are asked to do, and I will come to remove the Trap Worm." She threw him a letter and, with a swoosh, vanished herself. Shivering still, Hou Mang nodded.

Even without him knowing, a worm had appeared in his heart; he could feel it crawl inside him. Warning him not to do something stupid.

'Was that how strong a Power Born was?' he breathed heavily and looked at the oblivious boy beside him; he hadn't even known something like that happened. 'What Dao Soul does this Power Born have? Invisibility? What is that?'

How did she find me?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134 - 134: Li Shuanwei
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He laughed wryly inside himself at some ideas and smirked painfully as he looked at the letter. But then, his eyes widened, and his heartbeat quickened.

"Li Shuanwei, a filthy rich young master of these areas. A close son of the Starlight Clan Head, a silk pants who had often been said to be idiotic or stupid. He was by today more than 30 years old, but the man hadn't even Awakened for once yet.

"Not because he had some kind of issue regarding his cultivation—the man just hated cultivation, supposedly. Someone who intentionally avoids all kinds of conflict no matter how they came. A man who likes to sleep at home rather than wake up to eat.

"But that is bullshit; that person is not who he seems to be. He is a cultivator, but just not the way we know it. If you can find some details about this, you will be paid handsomely, and you might not have to kill that son of yours if you do. Do not try your filthy tricks, demon!

"Do not also try to meet with other Demons like you; keep your distance and also try to kidnap some of the three clans' children and ask them about our question."

With wide eyes, Hou Mang looked at the letter and then looked at his son. He bit his cracked lips and growled slightly.

"What happened, Grandpa?" asked Hou Jing.

"Ah, nothing, Jing Jing, nothing."

Then, he went into the Southern Lust City, set up a small shop, and began his inspection. Just like many others spread around in the city. On one of those days, he met a red-eyed man, and his son sold him a map he had drawn, a map that he had drawn using years of travel as a foundation, something accurate to a tee.

That person was supposedly a Starlight, but just a weak one with not even a spark to his name. He lost interest. But he once again gained interest when he heard the man was about to have a marriage outside the clan in the forest.

He would surely have protection and such, so he didn't want to mess with the people there, but what better day to have his checking out than on that day, on that marriage? He got ready to visit with a smile.

But as he was heading there with happy strides, the boy hanging on his back with some sweets in his mouth, a shout echoed from outside the city walls, full of wrath and hatred. "Junior, YOU DARE!!!"

And his gaze instinctively moved towards the Starlight Zone.

There was a young woman in the air, her icy blue hair flying in the wind as she held an unconscious young man hanging on her side disdainfully. With victorious laughter, she flew away, and just behind her flew another young man.

At one glance, he knew who that was. 'Starlight Clan Head.'

So the boy stolen must have been that 'Li Shuanwei.'

His heart went cold, and with the boy in hand, he immediately left the city. He sighed when he understood that mere minutes later, the Rock clan locked down the whole city.

He didn't want to participate in this any longer, but just as he wanted to run away, a pigeon flew and dropped a stone in front of him. He nervously took it to read.

"This is the location of a Caravan. Kill everyone in there, and the worm inside you will vanish."

Hou Mang immediately did exactly that, and there, he had to fight with another Evolved, but the person was just a youth with not much experience; he easily fought him, and when another Demon came to help, it became even easier—in the end, they massacred the whole Caravan and left with the Sacred Coins.

They also felt the Worm inside them vanish. They joined an alliance to escape together and ran away.

But as they passed the Elephant Rock and went past a cliff, another Demon ambushed them, and one of them died; Hou Mang could only run away with injuries while his son Hou Jing was left behind.

The last thing that happened was a sharp black sword piercing him from the back.

***

Inside the Elephant Rock, Han Li opened his eyes, sharp and calm.

'So it was not related to Detached Empty Spaces, as I assumed.'

But that only made his expression become as worse as someone who had just been forced to eat shit. His [Life Vision] had shown Li Shuanwei to be an Unawakened.

What was going on?

Was it not 100% accurate all the time?

"He cultivates, but not the way we know it."

What did those words mean?

He clenched his hand, and his mood worsened when he thought about that woman in the sky. She was a strong woman, he knew who she was—she could kill him easily. But then he thought of the woman from that boat.

They were both different people.

That woman had one of the best Dao Souls he knew of; just thinking about it, he felt another headache. 'Illusion Dao Soul.'

Even though she was just an Evolved, she had used illusion to create the worm inside Hou Mang's body and presumably all the other demons around and kept it as a complete truth.

How bold and what a nice scheme!

He only knew about it because he had experience dealing with similar opponents.

That woman was just an Evolved, and probably not a Sacred Talent one, but Han Li knew she would be troublesome to deal with if he had to fight her—especially since he would not want to fight her when his mom was with him.

Not when she was that Flying Woman's accomplice. That was a straight death-courting scenario. She was a Demonic Power Born who didn't care about the Starlight Head, Han Li, as he was now, would die before he knew it.

"Mom, we're going back the way we came. I misunderstood what was going on, and we're about to get into something that would be of no benefit to us."

Yue Li confusedly looked at him. "What happened?"

He looked at her curious face, and sighed as he explained.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135 - 135: Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained; fight not unless the position is critical.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li raked his brain and understood his situation soon enough, and explaining it to his mom seemed a good choice, too, since it made it clearer for himself. Currently, there is an ongoing conflict between two Power Born.

The Power Born Woman, whom Han Li knew by the nickname—Demonic Ice Fairy, was going after Starlight Clan Head's Son, Li Shuanwei, for some reason while also stirring up the other two clans using her underlings.

And then, there was also that Evolution Stage woman with the Illusion of Dao Soul, for whom he had special consideration due to how dangerous she was to him when he had to protect his mother. So overall, he was in the middle of a quagmire if he decided to move.

And even if he won, he wouldn't have much substantial benefit to show for it. It would be a wasteful way of putting himself in danger—not to mention his mother. So, there was only one thing to do: get out of this situation and get back with Liyue and Li Yao.

Then, he simply had to wait for the storm to calm down.

As simple as that.

Honestly speaking, one choice was to lay low inside the Elephant Rock for some time and go out when it was all over, but that had a lot of issues: the blood outside for one, and the second, he would be in a very passive situation.

He can't make the Elephant Rock fight without it being midnight, so he would be utterly passive. He chose to run back instead, of course, not in plain sight; that would be stupid.

Yue Li was carried on his back, and he gently got out of the Elephant Rock, his heart calm, his Soul Sense expanded and searched for issues and, without stopping, ran away, as alert as he could be.

His mother looked at the blood on the ground around him and hugged him tightly, but she didn't say anything, and before she knew it, Han Li was running at full speed. The fact that his Soul Sense was entirely hidden helped him have a huge advantage in the area of the senses, so he didn't fear an Evolved finding him.

The only fear he had was a Power Born finding him, in which case, he would have to scheme or show them one of his cardinal secrets.

One tree after the other flickered by, and Yue Li wondered how fast they were going.

As fast as a car?

Suddenly, Han Li came to an abrupt halt, and his face paled slightly.

The ground was shaking slightly.

"Power Borns are fighting around this area," he muttered and turned around resolutely. Without pause, he ran towards the Southern Dragon River.

That was the only place he was sure no one would be fighting at. After healing himself, Hou Mang planned to go there.

Soon enough, he reached the Elephant Rock and ran towards its left, thick with rocks and forestry. Jumping down a meter-long cliff, he asked his mom. "Mom, trade the Light-Type fruit in your hand with Rainbow Leg Fruit."

Yue Li could see he was serious and didn't waste time. She turned on her [Luck-Chat System] and wished for a Rainbow Leg Fruit in trade with the Starlight Flower in her hands.

The resource in her hand vanished, but Han Li didn't stop and ran towards the river non-stop. He didn't even bother with hiding his tracks anymore; he knew once he reached the river, he had a hundred escape routes, whatever that may happen.

Just like that, minutes passed, and suddenly, he smelled a faint scent of blood. His expanded Soul sense blasted towards the source, and he halted his steps.

"What is it?" Yue Li asked.

"Don't expand your Soul sense. They can sense yours but not mine." Han Li warned while his Soul Sense checked around what he found with scrutiny.

It was a caravan turned upside down, as tens of corpses lay strewn around it. Dead horses, dead men, dead women. But what he found next made his heart clench. Stuck to the slowly rotating caravan wheels was an inconspicuous fruit, almost crushed but not at all damaged.

He changed his route and ran towards it while saying calmly, "If you love me, Mom, close your eyes."

"What is there?" Yue Li asked, her face paling. "Another died? But you were always with me; how can you kill when…"

She stopped while Han Li looked at her briefly.

He could see she was traumatized by him killing someone, and that was still in her thoughts.

He knew it would be.

It was her first encounter with death, after all. Naturally, it will stick to her like gum.

"Mom, just listen, okay?" the dark night made his red eyes rather scary instead of the gentleness she was used to seeing in them. "We are now in the middle of a quagmire, a shithole.

If we just as much as touch it, it will start to stink, and the next thing we know, we will be in one hell of a lot of trouble, so just know that you can convert me into a good samaritan back when we're home, for now, stay calm and listen to me till we are safe."

"Xiao Li…"

Han Li sighed. "Close your eyes; I will do the rest."

She clenched her teeth and hid her face into his back, closing her eyes.

Han Li walked into the middle of the caravan, full of fleas and a disgusting smell, and gently picked up the inconspicuous fruit near the caravan wheels. He wondered whether it was here before his mom used the System.

Or did it just… pop up?

Then it would have been better to pop up in Yue Li's hand, so it must have been here. Looking at its position, it was just in place to get crushed and was just lucky to have survived by a hair's width.

Immediately after, he shook his head and ran away from there, back towards the river area. He would care about it some other day. For now, he had to get safe first before anything.

Handing his mother the fruit, he said while on the run, "If I end up having to fight, use this and get to a safe distance; eating it will temporarily make your speed even faster than me. Don't worry about me. I have myself to rely on."

In his original plans, he would go to another area where he knew he would probably find another Light Type Resource, but there was no need now; now, it was best to run straightforwardly.

His mom nodded silently, but he could feel her tears streaming down his neck. "Xiao Li, it stunk there," she muttered.

Han Li ran faster, silent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136 - 136: In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took about an hour of running, and even though he came across some minor inconveniences like snakes attempting to ambush them or some tracks left behind by fights, he didn't stop and, while always keeping his surroundings in check, reached the bank of a majestic river.

Yue Li looked at it with relief while Han Li calmly looked around his surroundings.

"As I expected, nobody is here," Han Li said, his red eyes glinting mysteriously. His voice was calm as he looked at the flowing water that stretched far into the distance. It was the Southern Dragon River, a river that had no ruler but a lot of resources.

Calmly, he walked into the river, the water climbing up to his thighs in no time. "Xiao Li, what are you doing?"

Han Li smiled.

"Underneath this river, there is a cavern; if we enter it, we can walk through that, and no one will find us. Just hold on to me and hold your breath."

Yue Li nodded and took a deep breath, puffing her cheeks full.

Han Li expanded his Soul Sense into the water and, with a smile, walked deeper into it. Soon enough, his head was underwater, and they were holding their breaths. Both of them had rather powerful Endurance; Yue Li had eaten the Fruit that made it better, while Han Li's body was superior all around.

He swam deeper and deeper, his hands moving like an experienced swimmer while Yue Li held on to him for dear life. Her swimming was far below par, so her lifeline was Han Li under the heavy water of the river.

Even Han Li was cautious inside the river. He had to be.

He was not a Power Born who could fly; if something held him back long enough, he would die, and his mother would die even sooner. But he was confident in his experiences.

While on the surface, a bloody, rusty sword gently jumped into the water along with them. On top, a man sat in the lotus position, his decapitated head calmly held in his hand.

That was the person who had injured Hou Mang. He had been waiting here to ambush Hou Mang, but of course, he could do that in the underworld now.

Deep in the water, Han Li felt his sword sinking towards him and smirked while swimming faster to the center of the river. By now, he was deep in the river, and his cold red eyes found what he was looking for.

A dark abyssal entrance tucked between two obsidian underwater rocks. It was a long distance away, and he could feel his mother growing restless behind him. With a simple move, he snatched the rainbow fruit and quickly devoured it along with some water.

His speed increased quite a bit as if his weight had lessened, but his strength had increased. He moved swiftly, and as his mom was growing even more restless, he entered the cave.

The dark rocks surrounded him in darkness, and even his Evolved eyes found it difficult to pierce, but immediately after, he and his mom surfaced their head out of water in an underground cavern, shortly followed by a dark sword.

Han Li's chuckles echoed while his mom breathed heavily.

"Scary," she said, leaning on him while water dripped from her wet hair.

"Don't worry, I know how deep this river goes, and even if you did grow breathless, nothing a kiss won't heal."

"Would it really?" Yue Li scoffed.

"I would not dare put you in danger. I was not sure of escaping."

"What would you have done if a Power Born attacked us?"

Han Li smiled.

"Starlight Head won't attack us; Raven Clan Head and I have a short relationship; I could leverage on that, and the Rock Clan head is a genuinely benevolent man; if he sees us, he will understand we're no demons after seeing your Awakened Cultivation and my 'No cultivation at all,' so he won't do anything either."

"…what if we met the villainous Power Born, that woman Li Ming talked about."

"If that happened," Han Li's eyes flickered. "I would have had to tell her about some secrets. I am sure she is a curious woman, so it won't be that hard to keep her engaged for a while, but it would still have been rather worrisome. So you wanna know what I did?"

"What?"

Han Li showed her the Life Sword.

On its dark surface was a small note written in discernible letters. `Follow this sword to find the Power Born Demonic Ice Fairy.`

"I would stall her while this sword would alert the other Power Borns without her knowledge. They will come for rescue, and she won't even know we were the culprits so that she won't release her anger on us; she wouldn't want to lose her box of secrets to unveil after all. An Evolved at the age of eighteen is far too interesting. So she would protect us if it came to it.

And just in case she planned to threaten me with you, I will tell her you have a bigger secret than me. She would be stalled. In the middle of the chaos, we will escape and let loose the Elephant Rock, then escape to somewhere they can't find us."

Yue Li sighed. She was leaning on him as he floated atop the water, and she couldn't help but think, for the first time in her life—her son had grown up.

For some reason, that realization was rather painful. Especially because he had a lot of secrets.

"But these schemes have a lot of loopholes, Mom. Improvisation was the key, and I am sure I would have been able to, so don't rely on selling your secrets; it is a cheap last resort I like to use that is rather effective once used well," he said and swam towards a rock.

"Xiao Li," she made him pause his words. "Let's talk when we're safe."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 - 137: Han Li attacks in the dark (R18*)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and his beloved mother were soon out of the water. Yue Li panted a lot, but soon, she was all right. The underwater cavern was dark, really, really dark. It was the sort of darkness that was not dim; it was just the actual lack of light. This was the true darkness.

Here, both of them could see nothing of each other even with their great senses unless, of course, they released their Soul Sense. But it was in such times that the true face of a soul sense was revealed, even that relied on the eyes to provide color.

They could understand what was going on with the soul sense expanded, but in a dark where the eyes couldn't distinguish this from that, it was normal they only felt as if shadows were moving around, even Yue Li was just a bundle of warmth in his senses. But Han Li wasn't weirded out; he had seen it already a "long time" ago.

"So creepy, this place is," Yue Li said with a sigh as she undressed her clothes and began to dry them, while Han Li simply took out a dry towel the size of a small piece of paper and began to dry his mom's head. She was surprised.

"Ah, is that a cloth, Xiao Li? Was it inside your Empty Space?"

Han Li nodded. "My Empty Space could barely absorb something the size of a hand or two at the moment, or I would've brought a better towel."

"No, it is comfortable; lucky you brought that," Yue Li felt his hand gently dry her head, and her heart, full of turmoil, slowly began to settle. A long silence passed, and after seeing he had done what he could, he left the hair and dried her skin.

Deliberately, his hands were slow on her sensitive parts. He gently squeezed his mother's boobs; they were so malleable. While every one of his squeezes made her realize once more that, indeed, her son hadn't changed much from the way he acted at home, he was still that lustful boy. Just that he… seemed to be hiding something.

No, she won't ask.

She didn't know when, but when she knew it, she could feel someone nibbling on her nape, biting gently, and she could also feel his hand wrap around her waist strongly. His heartbeat was powerful; it banged against her own heartbeats. Was it this? Was she going to be rewarded for not asking him?

She wondered, feeling a powerful lust stir within her.

His hand gently slid down her stomach, past her belly button. Gently teasing, the hand came back. Playing with her button as if it was the most interesting toy. Then, she could feel him licking her nape, almost like a cat, and as her senses fluttered in confusion about where to focus, he finally moved down.

She did want to talk. No, she needed to talk to him. But the pent-up desires made her stay silent. Whatever they had to speak, let it be after her son had had enough. No, after she had had enough.

Maybe he might stop now?

Saying some other excuse like her still rather wet body?

Saying she might get a fever?

He liked to tease her that way. Spoiling her with his attention, she hoped he wouldn't this time; she craved the touch. And this time, he didn't. His hand gently moved near her damp vagina, and another cloth magically appeared there; he gently wiped her crotch with it, drying off the water before he stored the cloth back in.

'What will he do with it?' Yue Li wondered, but her thoughts didn't last long as a finger gently entered inside her; it was a sort of satisfying release that she felt unlike the usual euphoria at her son's finger, and he seemed aware of it, he gently made her butt rise, and she could see she was now seated on his lap, on her rightful throne.

And that girthy, strong, and hard thing, she could feel it against her butthole. And he already seemed to have used some lubricant on it; she knew what to expect now.

With one hand, he spread her asscheeks and forced the head of his cock to his mother's asshole before she was forced to sit. By now, her ass had become his cock's favored spot; it was no longer as tight as it used to be; it had adapted to her son's size. And when it was in and comfortably pushing against her inner walls, she felt her mind roam.

Annnn~

She moaned softly, and that one hand under her butt left its spot, making his dick enter some more. "You are so aroused today, full of lust, Mom; I wish I could see your face now. Is it hot?"

Yue Li leaned back on his chest. "It feels amazing to do it after a break…"

Mnn~

She moaned as his free hand gently caressed her breasts, picking on her erect nipples. But the most powerful of all her son's weapons was surely the one trembling inside her back; even his fingers inside her vagina were far from matching that. As euphoric as her son's touches were, his cock was stronger.

She instinctively began to move up and down, and Han Li could feel his mother's ass tighten around his cock as she moved. He began to use his hands more skillfully, his fingers twisting inside her fold and his other hand gently but powerfully grabbing her boobs.

She moaned repeatedly, calling out his name and moving desperately as she reached neaarer and nearer to release. Han Li paused as her body trembled, and she fell back on his cock; it once more entered her completely; at the same time, her juices trickled out of her vagina, hot and with a sweet smell against his hand, with an added touch of sliminess.

Tiredly, she leaned back on him; her legs hurt from being squatted in that position for so long. And her considerate son gently laid her on the ground and set her up in the missionary position. Darkness didn't let her see his face, but she could hear his words.

"I love you, Mom."

She chuckled wryly.

"Now the front, I can't wait."

Han Li smirked and, with little effort, pushed his cock into his mom's sacred hole. Before he knew it, he was enjoying the most forbidden of pleasures again. He was hearing the most beautiful of voices, too—his mother's moan.

And the powerless hand lovingly pushing against his chest and the smirk he could see even without seeing only made it better. Man, how much he loved his mom.

If she didn't understand it today, her vagina should have.

No, her moans meant she really must have understood by herself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138 - 138: Twin Hearts Fruit and the Undying Ceremony
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mom, you're crazy today," Han Li muttered, feeling Yue Li's weight against his chest as she lay cuddled to him, languid and drained after hours of intense work.

She had never been this sexually active. Even when it must've hurt, she didn't make him stop. In fact, he had to stop it himself, or he might have fucked her till she passed out. He wondered if this was a way of revenge for her, was she doing this to show something?

Yue Li tightened her cuddle and muttered, a pout in her tone, "Shut up, let me sleep."

Han Li was a bit surprised, but smilingly, he kissed the top of her head.

"Are you angry?"

"Why would I be? That felt amazing." Yue Li shook her head.

"What are you feeling right now?"

"A lot, many things. Especially pain, it hurts, you idiot, you were too rough the last few times."

"Am I the idiot now? You should have told me it hurts; you were just moaning, Mom."

Yue Li scoffed, planting a kiss on his naked chest. "Don't worry about it. I forgive it because if you didn't act as my meat bed, I would've had to sleep on the cold hard floor."

"No, it feels nice for me too, you don't know, but honestly, your boobs feel very nice against my chest. So, it is a bonus for me. And I am a filial son, I can't be disrespectful and make my mother sleep on the ground when I have such a well-fed body."

Yue Li scoffed at the sarcasm in his tone. "What filial son would fuck his mom, you are no filial son. And jokes aside, you are still certainly the less sincere one among us. I might be a fool, but I am an honest fool. I don't say I love my son to the moon and keep secrets from him. Vital secrets at that.

So you do deserve to be trashed, not just my bed, you deserve all the bad things I do to you."

"You did keep secrets at some point," Han Li muttered in dissatisfaction. 'And you never do bad things to me, usually.'

"I don't have any secrets now, so you can't call me out on it, but I can call you out on it till you stop keeping it, too. What to say, you even know where my secret moles are, don't you? So what is there more to say about?"

"I told you I would tell you someday; you seemed satisfied by the answer then…" Han Li hugged her closer to his chest. Yue Li turned silent for a long time. Once again, she remembered the source of her restlessness that she had briefly pushed away from her mind using her son's warmth.

"Xi… Xiao Li, did you…" she stuttered slightly, and Han Li could see she had been avoiding thinking about this. "Did you really kill someone?"

Han Li silently pondered the question.

"Mom, do you really want to know?"

Yue Li's energy deflated like air from a balloon. She breathed heavily. In fact, Han Li could feel her heart thudding dangerously inside her ribs. He grew worried.

'Was this too quick?' he sighed inside his heart. In the previous timeline, his mother had seen a lot of murders—especially when he had become the Slave of the Wisdom Seeking Villa, but his current mom hadn't gone through the harsh times yet.

She had not seen the darkness beyond the veil of peace.

"Have you killed anyone else before this?" she asked, her clawing hands against his chest made him understand just how restless the event had gotten her.

'Tell me this was your first!' she screamed inside herself. Her son was so, so innocent. Someone who saw 'Have sex with a virgin woman' and went 'I have to get a wife' immediately after getting that book. What had changed that gentle soul so much?

She knew he was somewhat indifferent but never so cruel.

"Mom, whatever I do, it is for us."

"Do we have to kill?"

"We will if they threaten our lives."

"…if not?"

Han Li wondered about that question. In honest terms, as long as it didn't benefit him, he wouldn't bother killing. But if it benefitted him and if they didn't threaten him or his beloved at all?

"There is a ceremony, Mom—"

"Don't change the subject, or I will just jump into the river."

"Strong threat there, but listen."

"One chance, and if it is something unrelated to the current matter, I will take it as you don't consider me your equal, and that will break my heart."

"So dramatic," Han Li sweated slightly. "But listen, there is an ancient ceremony called the Dao Companion ceremony. Which is nowadays called the Twin Hearts ceremony. It needs a unique resource to accomplish, but we can do it if we get any sort of 'Life Type' magical resource. We can Luck-trade it after all."

"Tell me, what does this ceremony do?" she asked, her tone rather suspicious of his intent.

"It is a ceremony that a person can only go through once in their life; if you conduct it, there are a lot of benefits; in fact, conducting it is one of my greatest goals."

"…What happens if you conduct a Dao Companion Ceremony?"

"You and I will become one. Entirely. In fact, we will be like twins then. We can split into two whenever we wish to and be one single body once we wish to. The greatest thing? We can also use both the power of the Lust Spark and of the Rainwater Spark, which will both later evolve to become Life Great Dao and Water Great Dao.

We only have to fuse when we are about to fight. And then there is a scarier benefit to it, something that I want more than anything."

"…What is it?" she asked, her heart was beating wildly.

"Heh, even if one of us dies somewhere in another part of the world, as long as the other is safe, we will be reborn in each other's Empty Space. Powerful, right?"

"What a broken power. Why don't we do it immediately?"

"One of the reasons is a lack of life-type magical resources. What I need is a Twin Heart Fruit, but any Life Type is enough for us. That is still only one issue; the second is—that I don't know how to do it. I just know about two people who would do this some years from now, and they are far away from here."

"Uh… so you don't know how to do it," Yue Li grumbled. "And this really had no relation with the current matters. Are you joking with me?"

"We will go through the ceremony or something similar one day or the other, and you have to understand that becoming one is not just physical—our mind, our spirit, our thoughts, everything will be one in that fused state. So, you will know what you want to know at that point."

"Till then?" Yue Li blinked, finally understanding his scheme.

"I won't tell you anything. You have to endure the secrets."

Yue Li breathed out. Rather calm. "Okay, but I have two conditions."

"Which are?"

"First and foremost, no more killings, and no question about this part. Second, I am entitled to anything I desire regarding you. If I want to… lick something, you are not allowed to resist or decline."

Han Li's brows twitched.

No wonder she was his mother, taking advantage of the situation.

"I can't agree with both of these. Both are unfair!"

What if someone attacks them?

"Okay, I am a reasonable mother, and as far as I saw," she sniffed, still rather unsettled deep down. "…my son is a sort of psychopath at the moment who didn't even say he won't kill unless he is threatened, so I am worried. Even though I feel calm when you are here now, I am sure I will panic from now on when I let you out alone, so Xiao Li, promise me you won't kill again.

At least, forget about the second thing."

He coughed and muttered, "I wonder how the fight outside—"

"Xiao Li, I really, really don't want to be scared of you, not even a bit, and honestly, I feel a bit scared. Not for myself, sure, but for others. If you don't promise now, I promise you, it will hurt me. Do you really want to hurt me?" Yue Li said with moist eyes.

Han Li cursed, "This is emotional manipulation."

"Promise now, in the name of your love for me."

Han Li was in a dilemma. He became super silent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139 - 139: Vine attack
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the deep forest area around 10 kilometers away from Southern Lust City was a pond, its surface covered in solidified frost. Suddenly, two people jumped out of it, one shivering in the cold on the other's back.

Han Li's hand clawed at the mud, and he climbed up the pond with one heavy lift, his mother tightly holding him. Once out, he laid on the ground and breathed heavily, his heart thudding against his chest.

"We could have died there just now." He breathed heavily, his heart full of trepidation.

Yue Li felt irritated at the dead leaves and mud sticking onto her, but she shared his sentiment. "Yeah, just miss."

They would have drowned to death for sure this time. Yue Li had been caught on a vine when they were swimming underwater towards this place, and even with Han Li's enormous strength, he couldn't undo it because it was strangely rubbery, as if it had both the properties of gum and rubber.

No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't get rid of it, and only then did he realize it was a unique type of tree that had become a Beast, having somehow absorbed enough Energy to create a core inside it. It was a goddamn living tree!

And of all things, he had almost lost both of their lives to it, which was supposed to be merely a better Magical Resource above water. Cursing his bad luck, he smirked, "But I killed it in the end. Can't fight your son when he grows serious."

Yue Li gave him a smack on the face. "What can't fight my son? It would have killed us both if that sword hadn't arrived in time."

Han Li chuckled.

"I am not joking, don't laugh!" She beat his face again. "Don't laugh, don't laugh!"

Han Li laughed for a second but stopped with an ouch when she poked his closed eyelids with her pinky. "So dangerous, so dangerous, I was half scared to death when I thought you were injured by that vine. Damn it, I am never letting you leave home!"

Seeing his restless mother try all sorts of things to hurt him but fail, he hugged her damp body to sleep above him, and she finally stopped, glaring at him with nervousness.

"How was your first brush with death?" Han Li asked, his heart pounding inside him.

She took a deep breath and turned silent.

In that dark underwater space, she could remember it, something tugging her leg and pulling her deeper while he desperately clung to her, and his eyes suddenly shifted. It was not the eye of the gentle son who had exasperatedly promised her he wouldn't kill again unless it was absolutely necessary; it was the eye of something dangerous.

It was so abrupt—she had felt her hand detach from his, and the next thing she heard was a dying screech that a plant couldn't have released, not underwater, at least. Yet it did, and before herself, its body burst into green blood, and with a simple snatch, he collected something round from inside it.

Those eyes had shifted back to her, the ruthless shine replacing itself with a warm and relieved one. Really, it felt reassuring how crazy he suddenly was—she even wondered if he would be screaming if it was above water.

"You looked cool," she said, "Honestly speaking, I would be now head over heels at the moment, swooning how cool you were, maybe even holding myself back from doing something even worse than that licking thing I made you do… after all, I am a normal lady, I won't care for some plants dying, but after learning you killed a human, I was a bit scared."

Han Li looked at the new morning dawn. It had been two days since the wedding had been interrupted by whatever was happening. They had stayed in the underwater cavern for a whole day, not just being rabbits, all the time fucking, but actually just waiting for the chaos to calm.

Most of the time, Yue Li was introspective, so they laid in silence with the darkness of the cavern and the sound of the river bed as their only friend.

However noisy Han Li seemed around his woman, deep down, he was a silent person. He liked silence, but after a while, after waking after sleep, Yue Li had had enough of the lightless place. So they had to leave, and then they were on their way back outside.

"Scared," Han Li sighed. "I don't know why, and it is the second time you've said it too; such a bad word. I hate it."

Yue Li chuckled.

"But in the end, it comes down to one thing. You looked cool. I am a dumb woman, so I easily swoon even when I am scared."

Han Li shook his head. Feeling a bit dejected.

He had promised her he wouldn't kill anyone unless absolutely necessary, too, so that was another dilemma he had to go around. Maybe just not doing what he promised was the best choice now.

"I am not worried about that, but something else, Mom, it bugs me constantly. I am a bit worried," he said, sitting up and taking her leg to see a round mark around her foot and angle. That vine did hurt her. His blood boiled at the thought.

"No licking," Yue Li warned, making Han Li roll his eyes at her.

"Shameless Mom," he said, "Just listen now. Such things can be done later."

"I don't want such things!" she grumbled, "What are you worried about, anyway?"

"That instinctual feeling that we both had that something bad was going on if I alone had it, sure, but we both had it when this event started, so I feel a bit worried about why that was."

He gently warmed her legs using a towel, thinking with a sigh, 'There is also the 'change' that I am unaware of. What happened in this timeline that caused this? Was it the simple changes like butterfly flapping wings that had now changed the entire future already?'

And can his Sacred Eyes be trusted now?

[Life Vision], was everything always as it showed?

What was it that was different?

He had gained more questions rather than more answers after he headed out this time. The only good things were Hou Mang's pouch, which he had yet to check, and the Water Type Beast King Core inside him. And hatefully, he can't even absorb the Energy in the Beast Core since it would be Water Type whereas he needed Life Type.

Lust Spark can convert Lust into usable Energy for him, but Beast Cores has no lust.

A silence reigned for a while before Yue Li said, "I also learned something Xiao Li. Something I hadn't noticed till now."

"What?" he asked.

"Higher Stage Cultivators are not always omnipotent, you see," she said, "Even though you are Evolved, you can't do everything; you can't even create fire out of nowhere; only Fire-type Sparks can, and everything is like that."

Han Li frowned. "Wasn't that… super obvious?"

She coughed gently. "Let me finish."

"Just like that, everything is similar; each Spark is meant to help someone in one way, and yours is Lust, so beyond the bed and home, it is weak. Our cultivation method in itself is different from something like Mages, Xianxia Cultivators, or such; we are rather weak even if we break through."

Han Li frowned even more. "Not really. Once we reach Power Born, anyone who has at least a High-Level Foundation can fly, and they become much stronger. Best Evolution Stage Cultivators could barely break boulders, but the Power Born stage? They can create boulders in hundreds using their Magic Powers and throw them at you from the air."

Yue Li nodded.

"What about the Stage after that? Transcendence?"

"Transcendence?" Han Li smirked. "They could literally topple mountains, cleave the sea, and more. Their single wave of a hand can create a gorge here, the entire continent would shake when they fight, not just around the area like the Power Borns."

"I see," she nodded. "Then the Sacred Demons must be super powerful."

"And Mom, let me tell you a secret." Han Li smiled. "Transcendants are not too limited by their Spark, like lust, they are trapped in lust and so on. Instead, with lust, they will create fire of lust, water of lust, and yeah, it is a whole lot of confusion your dumb head won't want to get into."

"Hmm, nice, now I feel invigorated. We should go back to Liyue's, and also, the next time you kill someone, know that I will never forgive you for betraying my trust. And as soon as possible, tell that secret to me too. And sigh…" she muttered, "Weren't you supposed to only look after Liyue for three days after returning?"

"Yes, for the next three days, we won't spend a second with Li Yao and you; for sure; my Liyue knew a bit about the secret, and she didn't even ask," he smiled, "I have to give her the love she deserves."

Yue Li sighed. "Then let's go there after a while."

"Till then?" his eyes brightened.

"Let's find a cave or something."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140 - 140: Red
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The thick forest. The skies. The foliage. The atmosphere. All of the cities in the entire Sacred Lust Continent, and anything at all that existed under the heavens—they were all red. Crimson tinted as if a red haze brightened everything the world had.

If anything, it was like a red shadow cast over everything.

Everything was almost frozen. All sounds vanished, to be replaced by a faint hum that seemed to echo from the firmament itself.

Han Li and Yue Li were outside a cave entrance, naked and interrupted in the middle of their mother-son time. He stood there, shell-shocked and filled with emotions, while his mother clung to him worriedly. Even the falling leaves seemed slower; what was happening?

Then there was that instinct that screamed inside them akin to a dull ache. Shaking gently, Han Li's gaze moved towards the sky that was at the breaking of morning light an hour ago, which had now turned into redness. Red sky, dark shadows—his heart skipped a beat.

***

An hour ago.

Han Li and Yue Li grumbled to each other, filled with things to speak about. However badly their adventure had gone, it was still a fun topic to discuss, and as they continued speaking, Yue Li's grievances vanished like a puff in the air. Her son noticed it and took advantage of the moment, making her even happier with his teasing.

They were on their way to finding some cave now, and Han Li knew one pretty close: he had stolen that knowledge from Hou Mang's memories, just like how he now had a great understanding of the dangers around the city from the same source.

"This cave is pretty humid but there is this unusual bed-like mushroom there," he said with a rather wanting expression. "Even though we had such a nice chance, we ended up not doing much, so let's do it there; I have been missing out on cultivating recently, so I have to get back on track."

Yue Li was holding his hand and skipping on her legs beside him, swinging his hand as she walked. She said with an impish smirk, "Yeah, say that, missing out on cultivation and not the actual process itself. But sure, sure, I won't say anything."

"Well," Han Li walked briskly, following her pace. "I won't say I don't miss that, but honestly, I think we should go a bit crazy this time around—it was kind of like our honeymoon after all."

"Ah, now that you say it," Yue Li paused on her steps, filled with awe. "I totally forgot you never take me on normal trips. You have to, Xiao Li. I reincarnated all the way into a fantasy world, and if I didn't get my dose of adventure before dying, it would be totally worthless."

Han Li blanched. "You are not going to die. So don't worry."

Laughing, Yue Li nodded. "I forgot you wanted to gain control over life and death, so I don't have to worry about that."

Her son looked at her doubtfully. No way, right?

"By any chance, are you mocking me?"

Yue Li shook her head playfully. "No, or maybe I am."

He sighed. "It's been a while since I spanked you; time I do it again, I will leave real handprints this time, Mom, think of it."

She blanched this time, her face twisting. "I will spank you instead, you brat! I decided to reclaim my lost honor with you earlier. Oh shit, I forgot that too. Now I, anyway, where is this goddamn cave? And I also need you to do something."

Han Li amusedly looked at her. She was wet, and dirt stuck to her cheeks too, but so adorable, damn it! So adorable, in fact, he wondered if he had fallen in love once more. How pathetic of himself.

Soon, they found a cave entrance, but it was just the size of a small squirrel. No matter, Han Li stretched his biceps coolly and slashed with his sword, creating a better entrance after about 10 minutes. Then, they squeezed in. He squinted when his mom struggled past the narrow path, her boobs that were so filled getting squeezed as she cursed how narrow it was.

With a pull, she was in his embrace, and a second or two later, they found themselves atop the mushroom bed. She whistled in amusement while he pushed her down.

"Wait a second, Xiao Li!" she exclaimed.

"What?" Han Li asked in dissatisfaction, squeezing her beautiful booba after effortlessly getting her naked. His manhood was now gently brushing against her wilderness, and he could feel the amazingly slick sensation inviting him closer—to become one.

"I want you to see my memories with that sword before we begin; you see, you'd know me better and all."

Han Li squinted.

"Is that necessary now? We are already turned on. Let's do it at home when we're both free."

She shook her head adamantly. Han Li clicked his tongue and gently walked back, brushing his lips to the bush on her crotch. He murmured, a slight wind arousing her. "A very nice smell."

With a simple kiss on his origin, he stood on his knees, and the sword flew to him. Gracefully catching it, he breathed out roughly, using [Lack of Lust] on himself to remove the Lust in him temporarily. He asked: "Mom, are you sure?

I would know all of your dirty secrets, and I hope you didn't have some kind of boyfriend in your past life; I would go there to kill him if something like that existed."

Yue Li smirked. "Such a shame; I wish I had a huge harem there so you could bring me there to beat them all up."

Han Li's cheeks twitched. "Nah, if you had something as filthy as that, I would destroy that world all in itself."

"Oh?" Yue Li laughed. "Possessive bunch, are we? Not that I mind. I had no boyfriends, my lord; You are my first and last from the start. All right now?"

Han Li mocked. "I knew it from the start, idiot; you were far too inexperienced on our first day; how can I not be your first? I was joking with you."

"Fufu," Yue Li mocked back. "You say that, but you were worried if someone had ever kissed me or something, right?"

Han Li looked at her impassively. He knew she didn't do that, of course; she could be called a homophobe if he wasn't included among men. She just had a natural talent for hiding it. He had never even seen her talk with another male naturally before, now that he thought of it.

Of course, she could still talk to merchants and such, but that was for business; outside it, she didn't even have real women friends—she should learn something from Hua Feilan in this aspect. As for Li Yao?

She was family.

Anyway, how dare she tease him with something so horrible?

"Nah, you have two lives of experience, and you still made me lick your feet, though. How bad can you get after that? I am your own son, you know, so I am not worried about anything you might do anymore," he teased.

Feeling betrayed, Yue Li stopped her flirting and glared at him, her eyes a bit tearful. "I told you not to speak about it anymore. You are cruel, exactly what I would expect of a murderer. Bastard! And I am so loyal and even helped you make your own harem! You would never get another woman like me, and yet you have zero gratitude!"

Han Li leaned closer and brought his face near hers; their breaths mingled.

"That's true. I am lucky I found you on my day one; there is none as good as you in the entire contine—"

Suddenly, his breath got caught in his throat as he saw a red shadow cast on his mother's gentle and blushing visage, her roughly breathing self was now bathed in this light. His neck mechanically shifted towards the cave entrance, his eyes as wide as saucers.

Scooting out from the mushroom bed, still entirely naked, he walked out of the cave. While collecting her clothes to simply hide her body, Yue Li followed him worriedly. What was this sudden red light that ruined everything? She knew he hated what she said, but it did agitate him, so it was a benefit she would have in the bed; her body would apologize for what she said—but now? All ruined.

Han Li stood frozen there, his hands trembling with disbelief, and he quickly took hold of her hand. "Mom, quickly get dressed, quick!"

"It's still wet," she said, somewhat fearful.

"Just do it," he breathed heavily.

More than ever, he felt his heartbeat quicken.

Yue Li didn't play around and began to get dressed, but even when she was doing that, Han Li didn't dare let go of his hold over her wrist; no matter how uncomfortable she grumbled, it only tightened.

The wind kicked up all around, and deep inside his Empty Space, his Dao Soul throbbed in excitement. His skin felt as if it was charged with electricity, while his stomach felt as if it had a lively banquet in front of it.

"The… Heaven Rising," he muttered, his red eyes roaming around nervously as a small dome began to cover him. As if red smoke curling around a smoker, it gently wrapped him and his mother together.

No, this couldn't be….

How had the future changed so drastically?

He grinded his teeth.

What the fuck had changed?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141 - 141: Jumping into a Demon's Mouth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All over the Sacred Lust Continent, people stood frozen and in fear. One by one, they started to get wrapped up by the red veil like a chain of smoke, and as all of them nervously waited, as if a cold demonic maw hung on their necks, it happened.

The first it happened to was a baby. Just 6 or 7 months old, the little thing rose to the skies alongside the smoke, but his parents could do nothing except watch as he floated up, slowly and gently but somehow untouchable, as if he had turned into a ghost.

But the baby boy was not alone; more soon followed. The less you weighed, the sooner you rose. As panic, screams, and shouts rang rampantly, the people who rose continued to rise, and in the thick red light, their silhouettes vanished.

—

Outside the Demon Restraining Temple stood an old man, his eyes as deep as an ancient well, his white beard stretched down to touch the ground as he walked forward. His words were a murmur, but they echoed like a small hymn as he counted.

"36, 37, 38," suddenly, he stopped. "So a total of 38 people rose up from my sect, but 3 of them are children who hadn't even awakened… sigh, they would probably die."

A small voice asked him from his back, stumbling in the red light. "Master! What is going on now? Isn't the Heaven Rising supposed to happen at least a decade later?!"

Laughing aloud, the old man said calmly, "Something seemed to have happened; I think someone triggered it by themselves. We will know when the people who rose come back."

"Master, can I also go? Why am I not floating?" asked the voice once more.

"Your master is a Transcendent little girl; why would you need to fight tooth and nail in such a barbaric fashion? It's going to be full of death, and you don't have Sacred Talent yet, only those people will raise up."

"So that is why the babies are also flying away? Can't you stop it?"

"Let fate run its course. There is no way I can do anything against things set up by the Sacred Demons. Since it has begun, we can only wait for the results now."

…

Such conversations happened all around the four sects with all sorts of important people, while the unknown parents in random villages could only stare as their babies floated up, crying as they flew away as if held by invisible hands.

…

Han Li and Yue Li both held their hands tightly as the red light coiled around them and soon enough, Yue Li could feel something pulling them up while her son held her closer than ever. She could feel his anxiety ooze straight out. He was afraid.

Their clothes slightly flapped as, with some mysterious power, they began to float up. One meter, two meters, Yue Li's heart skipped a beat, but looking down, the red darkness had already hidden everything from their sight.

"How ominous," she said worriedly, her own hold over her son tightening. Her heart tightened at the weightless feeling while she tried to push out her soul sense. But she understood. Even Soul Sense was completely useless in this red light.

"Hold on tight. From now on, Mom," Han Li said, his voice abnormally cold and serious, "you listen to what I say, no questioning, no hesitation. It's gonna be rather dangerous now—and for this period, forget any promises."

A chill went down her spine, and she asked, "What will happen now? Where are we flying to?"

Han Li looked up at the sky, his gaze utterly cold and calculating.

"We will soon be in a completely different world; after we pass this red mist-like thing, we will be still flying for some time, but then… we will enter there. And after that, we will have to be extremely cautious. Everyone we meet will be our enemies."

"There?" her voice was laced with worry.

"The Empty Space of the Sacred Demon of Lust, we will enter it."

This time, her heart thumped. "That means?"

"Yes, we are up for an adventure that you wished so much."

Just as they were about to continue speaking, the red light suddenly vanished as if they had surpassed a cloud layer. And once above, Yue Li's eyes widened as she looked at the red clouds under her and the blue expanse above. But Han Li's gaze coldly moved around.

Far, far in the distance, he could see a small dot flying up just like himself. The one person in this world who had Sacred Talent and was the closest to himself, and in that direction—Yang Wei.

His gaze shifted to another angle, and there, in the distance, he could see small black dots, too. But in his vision, that was all the Sacred Talents. But he was sure that at least tens of thousands existed with this level of talent across the entire continent—and all of them would fly up today, rising to the heavens.

"When people die, Mom," he said calmly, "they leave behind their Empty Spaces and Dao Souls just like they leave behind their bodies to rot. The Dao Soul floats up to the sky and according to the legends, become stars. Empty Spaces either disintegrate; transformed into Energy that joins back with the Energy of the World.

Or they become Detached Empty Spaces, which are unique resources that other people could use."

Yue Li nodded, hesitant. Unknown emotions were roiling inside her chest.

"But that is for us normal people at lower cultivation stages. As for the Sacred Demons, their Empty Space in itself are different; none of them disintegrated, all of them are Detached Empty Spaces, and all of them float above the Demon's respective continent. Above Sacred Lust Continent floats the Empty Space of the Sacred Lust Demon."

"So we will… enter it today? That Dark place?"

Han Li nodded. "But not in a way you might expect; soon, we will be pulled into it. Even now, we feel static, but we are flying at a speed we simply can't even comprehend; you only have to know this much for now. I will tell you the rest when we reach there.

***

Yang Wei looked at the distant black dots in the sky's expanse, a furrow on his face while his white robes were covered in blood. "How peculiar, huh, to think Han Li's city had two Sacred Talents, amusing indeed."

A voice inside him spoke. "This is no simple matter, Yang Wei. This is the Heaven Rising!"

"Yeah, Yeah, shut the trap." He laughed, his dead fish gaze focusing on the skies. "What will we gain from this? I want to know that. All else is just air."

"Not what you have to gain," the voice of the Spirit hissed, "What you have to lose is more important. Sacred Talents will be here, all the way from new borns to Power Borns, and all of them creme of the crop. And it will be a trial, and the chance you will die is too much."

"What are you telling me to do then?" He laughed, uncaring. "If I die, I die, but if I die, I will first kill too."

"You should allie with Han Li or people like him. I have been having this bad feeling for a while now, and this seemed to be the crescendo of the feeling. What happens here might as well determine the future of this continent."

"You haven't told me what we stand to gain." Was the cold reply.

"Plenty. Magical Resources, Knowledge, and most of all…" she hesitated. "You can see the true essence of cultivation and understand what makes a Sacred Demon, a Sacred Demon."

Yang Wei was about to question the statement when his head grew hazy, and his consciousness faltered; a second later, he was unconscious. He couldn't even last long to realize.

***

A hazy feeling assaulted Han Li's psyche, but he activated his Talent Seduction on himself multiple times, and his body warmed up to an extreme. But that was far from enough to endure the sleepiness, so he gritted his teeth, and his skin vibrated all over.

It was hard to stay awake, but with all his strength and resolve, he held back from falling asleep; he even used some other Magic Powers that he had never used before. Especially the Magic Power—Sleepless Lust that can remove sleep to some degree. Luckily, his will was iron strong after the struggles he had gone through in his previous life.

His Mother, on the other hand, was already unconscious, so he held her strongly against his chest as her head fell to his back. And just as his eyes grew blurry, he saw it, a red light blinking in the sky like a distant star.

It brightened shortly, completely overwhelming his senses with a red hue, and a second later, Han Li, along with all the Sacred Talents under the Transcendent level in the Continent, vanished from the sky.

Into the "mouth" of a Demon, as some old guy mockingly commented.

But then, a silence ensued.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142 - 142: What the... F*ck? Was I that much of a fool in my past life?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sound of the rolling waves rhythmically hitting the shore filled the air, accompanied by the distant calls of seagulls. As the sun began its descent, painting the sky with hues of red and orange, the beach was transformed into a canvas of serenity. Yet, stranded on the shore were a young man and a youthful woman—Yue Li and Han Li.

A dark sword laid just beside them.

Both of their bodies were gripped by the sea foam and then released right after as the wave tried to climb higher and higher. But both of them were out cold. A black seagull-looking bird gently landed atop Han Li's body and was just about to peck at his cheek when its feathers suddenly stood up and looked towards the sea as if about to flee.

It wanted to fly away, but it was too late.

A hand wrapped around its neck and squeezed, and before it could even squeak, its whole neck exploded into bits and pieces. Two cold red eyes opened and then looked at the sea—something shivered inside the water, and Han Li could feel it running away.

Shrugging and sitting up coldly, he looked at the dead bird in his hand. Then it moved to his mother; she was also completely bloody. "What a good start," he coldly said and stood up in a single jump.

Taking his mother on his back gently, he moved towards the sea and used the water to clean both of them. Their clothes were already wet, and it would be troublesome if his mother caught something like a cold or something similar—even though Awakened rarely was susceptible to such things.

After cleaning themselves, he looked around and soon found a forest some distance away; without any wait, he ran closer and, soon enough, vanished into the woods.

Even though he had managed to stay awake while on the flight, and even when the red light completely overwhelmed him, he had fallen unconscious right after entering the world. But just because he had not fallen asleep when the red light overwhelmed him, he and his mother were now together. Or they would have both been teleported separately.

He had just woken up some seconds ago and was waiting for the thing in the water to jump at him, but the Black Seagull completely ruined it. And in a rush, he crushed it before it flew away, which made both him and his mom bloody.

That was a mistake.

Running through the forest full of vibrant greenery and life, Han Li was focused to a point he had never been since his rebirth, and soon enough, he ran into something. His soul sense focused on that place, and he coldly shifted his route.

In three seconds, he was standing in front of an unconscious young-looking man.

[Yang Jue Ying] [Age: 97]

[Current Cultivation: Power Born]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Power Born, Great Dao of Life]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Power Born, Great Dao of Life.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) at age 116, died in the Transcendence War in an attempt to steal the Transcendance Orb.]

Han Li gently touched the man's skin, and understanding his sword was sharp enough to cut him, ran away from there. The dark sword flew behind him and, as it moved past, cut the man's head off. Clean and in one slice.

Running back to the place, Han Li coldly collected the blue martial robes of the man, got into it, and then threw the body aside. He didn't even get any loot.

With his mother unconscious behind him, Han Li did this three more times. Two Evolved Cultivators and another Awakened Cultivator. He had no mercy, nor a warrior's shame. Later, they would be his enemies—none of them knew what awaited here, but he did.

And because he had worked hard to stay awake then, he was awake now.

As for his promise to his mother?

This place had no place for the weak-hearted. If he followed that promise, by the end of this, there wouldn't be a Han Li or Yue Li; they would both die 100%.

Having found nothing else, Han Li found a safe place with a wide view and settled there for a while, he had to clear his thoughts. After getting seated, he first undressed his mother; she was wearing wet clothes, and he had to change them.

He made her wear the clothes that he had gotten after killing the Awakened old woman, the clothes were shabby and old, white servant clothes, but better than the wet clothes.

Then, he laid her head on his lap and let her sleep for now.

For the next 30 minutes, no one would wake up. But going around killing anymore wouldn't be wise; thirty minutes weren't much, and if he ended up in front of a startled Power Born, he was done for. Even Evolved here wouldn't be Evolved from the Southern Lust City; each and every one would be dangerous. In one way or the other.

He closed his eyes and began meditating. But his senses were alert, and he didn't plan to stay here for more than 15 minutes.

…

First of all, he had to think about his future knowledge regarding this situation.

Heaven Rising.

It was a major event in the future with continental repercussions.

In his past life, 15 years from today, the Transcendental War would commence, and almost a decade later, it would end. And then, a revival period would begin, with many visits from other continents and so on, and so forth.

Nothing major would happen after that, until 45 years from today, a red veil blankets the whole world. Lives started to rise to the heavens.

Not many traveled to return; most of them who entered ended up dead, and those who didn't die became great men or women who were all feared for their power.

Han Li looked up at the setting sun, the sky, the land, the foliage of greenery, and even the black mud under his lap. He couldn't help but fall silent.

This was an Empty Space.

He was inside the Empty Space of the Sacred Lust Demon.

There was no darkness here, no Sparks in sight, no Dao Souls, No Dao Crystals. This here was a world unto its own. Something beyond his understanding. And inside it, he was just like an ant, nothing more than that.

He breathed out as his mind delved into other thoughts.

According to his future knowledge, the Heaven Rising happened because before the Sacred Demon died, he had set up some kind of mechanism inside this place to make the Red Veil fall down exactly at that time. But today, Han Li could understand there was no way that was true.

There must have been a mechanism, but surely not the kind that was automatically set to activate in time, but something that was supposed to be triggered. The question was, how?

Or maybe… who?

He gently caressed his mother's hair, and his heart started to beat faster and faster. It was in such moments that he was reminded of his significance, of how worthless he himself was—he didn't know everything.

Returning back to time didn't mean he was now the most important person in this world, nor did it mean he was the main character of some story, as someone great once said, everyone was a main character, just like how everyone was a side character.

And in the triggering of all these great events, he wasn't the major character.

A cold shine simmered under his red gaze.

He smiled calmly. As long as he got the greatest benefits here this time, it didn't matter who the one to trigger it all was.

'According to the future,' he contemplated, 'there would be hundreds of Life Type treasures in this world, and all of them are quite easy to get. What I have to do first is get some of them before the actual trials begin.'

This world had some trials set up by the Sacred Demon that the people could complete to gain certain rewards, like Magical Treasures, Cooking methods to create unique Magical Treasures using materials, and much more.

But the Trials would only begin 24 hours after everyone wakes up, which means the next sunset. After that, Power Borns can't kill Evolved, while Evolved can't kill the Awakened, but until then, chaos will prevail.

'One step at a time,' he thought calmly. 'What I want from here is information on why all this is happening suddenly, Magic Resources, and then win the Trials to get the best I can."

Without waiting a second, he smiled, and feeling the eagerness of his Dao Soul, he began to cultivate. But a second later, opened his eyes in shock.

He had barely cultivated for around 10 minutes, and a Dao Crystal had already formed inside. And more were forming even faster. And there waas zero strain on his Dao Soul too.

Immediately, he understood why after using his Soul Sense.

Spread all around this world were not chaotic and unusable energies that the Spark or Dao Soul inside him refines into usable energy. The energy spread around here; he knew what it was—Energy solely meant to be used by those who cultivate under the Life Dao.

"Sacred Demon…" he mumbled in shock, "Of course, his Empty Space would have energy that is comfortable for me to absorb…"

That also meant that all the Life Dao cultivators inside this 'Demon World' would experience explosive growth. His heart thudded inside his chest, and he ran away with his mother on his back.

This was news to him, but it was no wonder. 45 years later, when the Heaven Rising happened in his past life, he was a heavily depressed man; at that point, it was just 15 years after his mother's death, and there was also the death of his wife Ruo.

So, with a heart that had barely any desire other than a faint hope of achieving some ungodly level someday and reviving his mother and wife, he didn't care much when he rose to this place, and that time, the only thing he did was drown in Magical Alcohol and wait till the trials began. Only now that he experienced this today did he understand how much of a great fool his younger self was.

He was borderline ashamed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143 - 143: Sorry for killing you.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A heavy waterfall, almost akin to the Niagra Falls on Earth, was the first sight that Yue Li witnessed as her eyelashes fluttered open. Then, as the panic started to rise, she felt herself leaning against her son's chest and immediately breathed out a sigh of relief.

But once more, her gaze shifted to the great waterfall and panic once more rose up in her guts. She also realized that they were now high up, on top of a large tree, to be exact. It was so tall, looking up, she felt as if the clouds were not that distant.

She felt Han Li gently kissing her nape and turned back to him, her eyes bright.

"Where are we?" she asked.

"Inside the Sacred Demon's empty space," Han Li replied, a slight smile on his face.

Yue Li looked towards the sky, the sun was still barely visible, but it was already nearing dark.

"So realistic, Xiao Li, it's almost like the real world," she said in awe, full of reverence. "Will your Empty Space become like this too?"

Han Li looked at her curiously, not interrupting her amazement. With a smile, he said, "I don't know, maybe it might. But my theory is that all Sacred Stage Cultivators have Empty Spaces similar to this, a World of its own inside them. Maybe that is their source of god-like strength."

His mother nodded enthusiastically and decided. "When your Empty Space becomes like this, we will set up a mansion in the middle of the world, and then, I don't know… we will do something interesting."

Han Li couldn't help but smile. How cute.

"After I get it, sure."

She squinted at him. "So tell me, what will we do in this world? Explore? Have sex? You were so stiff when we were flying. But you seem to be in a better mood now.

And why are we on top of this tree? Also, how long was I sleeping?"

"In this world…" Han Li grew serious, "we survive."

Her words got caught on her throat and she looked at his red eyes with a frown. It was also then that she noticed her son was wearing something she had no recollection of buying for him or him buying. He was not in those clothes when they came here too.

"Where did you get those clothes?"

"I told you when we were flying here, until we get out, no questions, and you will obey all my words," he replied calmly, looking far west, on the opposite side of the waterfall.

Yue Li looked at him with a disgruntled expression, even a bit pale. "I am not your slave, bastard. Tell me, did you kill once more?"

Han Li looked back at her. "Look west, I mean, there." He pointed.

She looked west, and Han Li said calmly. "There is a Power Born there, and there, inside the cave behind that great waterfall, a Power Born also flew into it a second ago."

"So what?" she asked.

"So, my lovely mom, tomorrow, they will come to kill us. In about 24 hours from now, a Trial will begin, but before that, there will be many fights, and today, at least thousands will die for no reason. I killed, yes, I killed. But due to that, I might not have to see you die, understood?"

Yue Li took a deep breath and, deep down, felt a coldness take hold of her heart. She involuntarily slapped Han Li. He looked at her calmly.

"How many did you kill?" she asked.

"Three today."

"Do you know? They might have a mother like me waiting for them to return home, a family that is reliant on them to survive. How…" she gritted her teeth gently, "could you break our promises so coldly."

Han Li didn't speak; he was far beyond such simple guilt. And as his mother started to tear up and sob, he could only comfort her silently. He knew this would happen. That was why he had climbed up the tree even when there was a chance he would find a precious Life Type resource if he took the chance. But of course, coming here had its use—they were rather safe up here.

It took about half an hour for his mother to calm down even a bit, and even then, her face was still very pale. "…Xiao Li, you killing them is the same as me killing them. I failed to teach you, *sob* I feel sick…"

After that, she fell onto his chest, crying, making Han Li feel slightly guilty for the first time. Not because he killed, but because he made her sob. But she would get through it, he knew.

"Me killing is just that, Mom," he said, "Nothing more, nothing less. You have no part in this."

She shook her head. "I always remembered it when I read fantasy novels on Earth: all of the main characters slowly become like you. Black-hearted and callous, only caring about their own benefit… our world is different from those, but it has its similarities and... I don't want you to be like them! Even Liyue would hate you if she knew this."

"Do you hate me?" he asked.

She looked at him coldly and slapped him once more. She was angry as much as she was sad. Han Li understood that just then.

"I… know, Xiao Li," she said, biting her lips. "I always knew we would have to kill one day; that was always how it had been in those books, and they were all written by people much smarter than me. So, I always knew this would happen. I am more affected that you don't feel sad than even killing, and I feel horrible for saying that, too."

"What about this?" Han Li asked, looking at her calmly. "I will kill anyone I feel threatened by inside this World, and after this event, both of us go to some temple and become monks for a while. Does that help?"

A long silence followed. He looked at her intently, too; he knew her morals were different from just simple things like obeying the laws. Anyone who based their morality on legality was an idiot, and even though his mom was a fool, she was foolish enough not to bother with the rules.

Her morals were simple; she wished to live happily, but in that, she never wished to hurt anybody. It was not that she hadn't taught him her morals well; it wasn't that she failed as a mother; it was just that he had seen the world for what it had to offer.

He didn't mind being a monk, even the most righteous man alive, if that would help him achieve his goal of eternal life and gain control over life and death. But he knew the easier path was being a Demon—and he felt no regret in being a Demon.

Other than hurting her, that is.

It wouldn't matter who he killed or who he saved after he achieved that level after all; then it would be easy for him to change anything. Heck, there might be people out there who could already do that; from a small speck, he had to become a giant; that was the only way.

He loved his mom. He loved her really much. He hated seeing a wound on her fair skin; he didn't like seeing tears on that fair face, and he didn't like how her voice broke.

But he knew.

'No one saves us but ourselves. No one can, and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.'

"So here is the deal, Mom, I will not kill unless they threaten me, and in return, you accept all that I say. Once outside, I will do what you say."

Yue Li saw the plea in his face, and her own gaze lowered.

"…You will also help, not half-heartedly, but with full heart, every family that you hurt by killing them. If you lose money or even pride, let it be."

"Okay."

"Do you remember the names of the people you killed? Were they unknown?"

"I know who they were."

"Okay, we will both bear this sin together. Remember Xiao Li, now it is also my goal to make you have the power to revive people."

Han Li looked at her, and his heart skipped a beat. Her eyes were sparkly with tears, but her words didn't stutter.

"I had always wished to be a part of that great ambition of yours, so now, it will have one more meaning." She closed her eyes, settling her heart. "You will one day become the controller of Life and Death and will revive each and every one you killed. And I will apologize to them for the mistakes my son made."

This was the difference between a person with a Heart of Cultivation and one without; she could keep calm in confusion; if it was Liyue, she would be jittery now, but not Yue Li. She could atleast process the information and think.

She had at first seen his ambitions as a joke, but she wasn't his mother for no reason. She had seen him train like a madman, and if that was a joke, she didn't know what wasn't.

"You will… apologize to the people I killed?" he asked, amused.

"You will, too. And then only will I consider you a great son. So work hard."

Han Li chuckled with a rather amused expression and gently cleared her tears using his sleeves.

"That seems interesting. We will make Liyue apologize too. It was her husband who killed them after all."

"Then, you might as well include Li Yao, too. She is your mistress? Is that the word? Or Mother-in-law, I guess…"

"Then I have to make Ruo apologize, too."

"…Ruo?" Yue Li frowned, a displeased expression immediately plastering itself on her face. "Who is this wench I don't know about?"

"I haven't seen her yet, either, but she would be in this Demon World. You won't call her a wench once you see her; believe me, she is gorgeous."

But he was a bit worried about her situation in this world. It could totally end up dangerous.

"Mom, it's time to find a Life-Type fruit and trade it. Then we go find our Little Ruo. It would still take hours for Power Borns to begin their rampage. We have to find her before that."

But he had some confidence she wouldn't be in danger at this point—or he wouldn't have wasted time sweet-talking his Mom, and there was a reason for that confidence. ill-placed as it was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144 - 144: Legs pause, heart stutter, mind pause.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Exactly 33 minutes after climbing down the tree and running around in search of Life-Type Magical resources, Han Li caught the whiff of something pungent, and his nose felt a stinging sensation. On his back, his mother also frowned.

Without any hesitation, Han Li shifted direction towards the scent, and just as he reached closer, he heard the sound of a fight ongoing. With his expanded Soul Sense, he saw that the fight was just between two Awakened youths, both older than him.

He almost flourished his sword but held back. They were no threat to him.

With a cold gaze, he decided to use Magic Powers.

At the moment, he solely had 33 Dao Crystals inside him, and one of them vanished.

Magic Power—[The Elusive Movement.]

The Power of the Lust Dao induced lust in the two people and made them dizzy; the only thing they felt was that Han Li was too fast for their gaze to focus on him, whereas it was just that their minds were being messed with. A second later, when they noticed the egg-shaped flower that they were fighting for had vanished.

Some distance away, Han Li and Yue Li stopped, and he heaved a sigh of relief. "Something so goddamn rare in the outside world that Power Borns would bite each other's bones to get it, a Life-Type Magical Resource, and puny Awakened are fighting for it here."

"What is this Resource?"

"Life Type Resource The Egg Flower. It is a resource that, if you use it once, will make your youthful face remain youthful till the day you die. Even if you only have one day of Lifespan remaining, you will look just as young as you look today. Just as beautiful."

Yue Li blushed meaningfully. "So what do I trade this for?"

"The Brain Teaser Vine. Trade for it."

Yue Li nodded.

He passed her the Egg Shaped Flower, and as she took it, she opened her [Luck-Chat System]. Clicking on "Luck Trade," she began to wish.

'I wish I get a Brain Teaser Vine, I wish I get a Brain Teaser Vine…'

The Egg Flower vanished from her hand like colorless smoke, and she looked at her son curiously. He seemed to be pondering for a second before he looked down with a sigh.

Below him were a lot of dried leaves, and under these dried leaves was a small, worm-like vine, the same as a palm that had fallen off of the tree just beside him. With a deep breath, he took it.

"What does it do, Xiao Li?" she asked.

Han Li calmly took the vine and placed it on his forehead.

"It is a very unique resource among all Life-Type resources. It can help the user find the living being they are searching for, wherever it is. As long as they are in one continent, it will work. Just one condition: you must know everything about whom you are searching for, their body proportion, moles, and everything.

If they do know it, it will search for that person, beast, or whatever you are looking for and show you where they are as instinct."

"Hmm, so you know everything about this Ruo woman even if you haven't seen her? That is… odd. Are you messing with me, you bastard?"

Han Li smiled.

The Brain Teasing Vine entered his skull through his pores, and his head started to pound in pain, but he calmly stood and thought about his Ruo's body. He was honestly worried about this part the most. He knew how she would look about three to four years later, but at this moment, he didn't know. He hadn't met her at this point in his life.

But he thought about everything he knew about her.

Brown eyes, always curious, with white hair that always fell to his mouth when she jumped to kiss him. But at this point, she should be in the worst parts of her life. He smiled to himself. Due to this event, he could save her earlier. It was better.

She had a mole under her chin, one on her spine, another on her butt, one on her nape, and then there was one under her legs. She had this scar inside her mouth that was harder to find unless you had spent years with her. It was a scar left behind after being forced to chew glass.

Just as his image started to grow more and more vibrant and the fading memories of that girl came to life, a thread seemed to pull him somewhere.

With a heart full of turmoil hidden under a veil of calm confidence, he ran so fast he was close to becoming a blur on his own, just not nearly at that level yet. Nevertheless, he didn't care. That thread was farther away but nearer than it had ever been.

***

A young girl was crouched in a shadowy hole; her eyes were dazed, and her mind was hazy. Suddenly, some kind of pull made her look to her right, but it was the same as earlier. Nobody was near now.

Nobody had come to beat Ruo yet.

She felt her heartbeat calm down.

Regardless, she hid deeper just in case, hiding herself in a place that stank the most always took them the most time to find her, so she was exactly in such a place.

But what was this… unknown warm feeling on her forehead?

As if someone was patting it gently.

***

Han Li's heart beat faster and faster, and he became a little reckless in his run. Usually, he would have checked tracks and anything for that matter to know of possible dangers ahead of time, but his heart was way too uncalm. Nevertheless, as a cold blade suddenly came just in his tracks, an inch away from his face, he didn't even flinch.

A jump.

Everything slowed down.

With his mother behind his back, he rotated just enough to see the man's face and name before a dark fell vertically on his head, piercing straight through him like tofu, splitting him into two clean pieces.

Time moved at its usual pace again, and he landed on his feet, without stopping, he ran as fast as he had been running. His gaze might waver, but the Soul Sense that could see everything without being seen wasn't something any Evolved could take on.

The moment that The Ethereal Cultivator attempted a close-range attack on him, he was dead. There was no other option there for him. Even if he was a Sacred Talent, that didn't mean he could underestimate others.

He must have been dominating the place where he came from, so it was natural he was arrogant, but Han Li didn't care. In fact, if his Mom wasn't biting him on his nape and trembling in fear on his back as he ran, he would be laughing demonically, too.

"It's close, Mo—"

Suddenly, he came to an abrupt halt, and his foot slid on the dry leaves. His cold gaze looked at one man in front of him, and his heart grew cold and ruthless but calm.

The man looked back at him with a smile, a 2-meter saber with a skull handle dripped with blood on his side. His pale eyes looked at Han Li with a smile that was not a smile.

"Han Li."

"Yang Wei."

They muttered.

Then, with smirks, both laughed out, laughter that resounded through the forest like two blades clinging together and ran away in different directions without a single word. Han Li towards his Ruo, Yang Wei, to wherever he planned to go.

"That," Han Li said, "is an Enemy you have to love."

His Mom wondered what he meant.

While Han Li, jumping across a boulder, looked westward.

There she was, just around 200 meters more.

He ran.

The next intrusion was a bald woman with yellow eyes.

Magic Power—Elusive Movement.

A blur later, Han Li and Yue Li were past her.

She turned back with calm, cold eyes.

A sword flashed past.

***

"I wonder why these Ethereals are so confident," a calm youth sighed to himself.

"Are you going to attack him?" An old man asked, standing beside him with a cane and a calm smile.

"Hmm? No? Who wants to stand infront of a charging bull? He seems like trouble."

"Then why are you aiming your bow at him?"

"I don't know, I feel like he is watching me, and it is irritating."

"How scary. I would've tried to steal that sword, though, seems a bit interesting."

"He is stronger than you Old Man, you should know that yourself."

A bone blade sank into a tree beside them and both of them turned to look at a pale eyed Young Man. "And he is stronger than you, too."

The sharp eyes of The Bowman turned to Yang Wei.

"But he is not as strong as you."

Yang Wei smiled.

"Who knows? But hear me out. Want to team up?"

***

Han Li stopped infront of a stinking swamp.

His gaze wavered slightly, but he looked under a boulder, there she was, closing both of her ears tightly, covered in swamp mud to avoid someone's sight at first glance in a place stinky enough to make the woman of the city frown at just the mention of it.

This was why he was so sure she wouldn't be in trouble.

She was the sort to hide like this in fear when he met her too.

And the place hadn't descended to killing hidden people as of yet.

Moreover, even if it did, she wasn't hidden in a place people would want to visit at the start.

His heart almost melted as he gently walked closer.

Yue Li looked around for a while, and only when she used her Soul Sense did she finally find who she was looking for. Shriveled to a corner, slightly trembling.

"Like a stray cat…" she murmured and bit her lips. "And she is just a kid. Are kids here in this Demon World, too? Will the kids also die inside here?"

Han Li didn't speak anything and came beside the little girl.

Tears unconsciously streaked down his cheeks.

"…No wicked thoughts, Xiao Li, she is just a child whatever you say," Yue Li softly said from his back, her heart feeling happy at his emotional face even though she didn't know why he was so emotional.

Han Li wiped away the tears in his face with his sleeves.

"I won't feel such things now even if I want to, Mom, but my hand is currently full of blood, and it's too cold. Go, carry her. Let's go somewhere else and wash her up. It is full of wolves out here."

Yue Li gulped and, pushing away all her emotions, did just what he told her.

A black sword flourished beside Han Li, and he sighed.

It was a bit reckless to reveal himself and his treasures when Power Borns were around, but he rarely ever did anything without a plan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145 - 145: Calm before the storm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and Yue Li ran once more, this time, he didn't carry them on his back but instead walked behind them. He often changed his position just in case some other crazy Cultivators planned to attack him.

Demons were sane cultivators, but for them, killing people for no reason when they find themselves in unknown circumstances was an ordinary thing.

Wasn't it logical?

If not, it was very logical for them.

To kill for fun or just for a better sense of security.

Not all of them here would be sane, especially if they had any knowledge of where they were and what might await them. That also went for if people had found any Life-Type Magical Resources already.

If anyone had found it and the news was out, it would only get more rowdy, especially because of a simple fact that Han Li was all too aware of. Sacred Talent cultivators were arrogant almost all the time.

From their earliest ages to this very day, they probably didn't see any other Sacred Talent Cultivator or anyone who could actually put them in their place at their own level. And when they see someone running at them or someone they perceive as "Interesting," they would attack.

He knew how far such idiocy went.

Or there could also be the other type, the type who would lust after his mother. Or even… Ruo. She was a child barely at the age of 13 at the moment, but not all of the people here would see her the same as he did.

Especially Demons. They would, at most, see her as a beautiful tool at best.

And in a place out of sight of forces like the Demon Restraining Temple who would list them as wanted Demons across the continent once they go against the law, it would become all too clear, very soon, how far even the 'righteous' men could go.

Han Li didn't speak on the way while Yue Li held Ruo safely in her grasp and walked forward. No matter what was happening, she felt secure as long as her son followed them.

Even though she felt as if corpses were pulling her leg from the ground, she pushed that feeling away for now. Her conscious felt torn between her son and morality, but her son had way too much of an advantage when it came to her mind.

"There is a stream near us, to your left, walk to the left," came his transmission straight to her mind, and she walked to her left without a word.

They soon found themselves near a stream.

Han Li's gaze briefly examined the surroundings.

It was a small stream surrounded by some meter-tall buffs; Han Li sighed to himself as he told his mom to go and wash Ruo clean. She looked at him for a second and went down to wash Ruo.

At the same time, Han Li turned his focus to his surroundings.

His gaze was deep red; it roamed left and right while his Soul Sense covered the whole area in a 10-meter circle around himself. No matter whether they were a threat or not, they would be killed as long as they entered it.

But he hoped no Power Born would come with his deepest heart.

'I should quickly try to find another Life Type Resource. Only then will I have something to use against the Power Borns if it all goes down. And then there is also Ruo…' He turned towards them but smiled and looked away.

His Mother was covering them with a cloth that they had taken on the way and cleaning the dirty swamp mud from her. He wondered when his own mother had grown so untrusting of himself.

'Or maybe she is doing this to avoid others seeing anything they shouldn't if they come?' he thought of that and felt much better. Overall though, even he could tell he was avoiding thinking about his first conversation that would soon follow with Ruo by thinking about all of such things.

Deep feelings lay buried in his heart, and he knew his first conversations would poke a hole in his defenses. But this was not a place for the weak; he was just one of the small players in this game, and he had to be cautious.

Even if he gained a Life-Type Resource, there was nothing that could outright protect him. All of the Life-Type Resources were utility sort most of the time; at best, potent poison or something similar would be the best choice to trade with, but even that had its limitations.

Life-type resources were rare, but that didn't mean they were the best for all situations.

It was related to Life, and they were life forms; that was it.

Light would have been much better.

After thinking while being just as alert, Han Li thought of what to trade for and just then, his mother called for him. "The clothes you took are far too big for the girl but enough to cover her, but don't go steal them from other children," she said and walked out of the small stream with a dressed-up Ruo.

Just the sight of her now clean face and wet white hair made Han Li remember the last time he saw her. A cold corpse hanging from the tree.

But even now, the girl's eyes were blank; she looked at Yue Li with a rather strange gaze, but Han Li could guess what she must be thinking.

'Why is this woman not beating me?'

"Mom, handle her with care…" he said softly, "she—"

"Don't teach a mother how to care for children."

He nodded.

"Now what?" Yue Li asked.

Han Li took a deep breath and looked at Ruo. He had the urge to say, "It's just mere Life-Type resources that we would lose; let's go find a hidden place and spend the day there; we will complete the Trials tomorrow safely without putting ourselves at risk and go home."

But he knew what these 'mere' Life-Type Resources could do. The lack of one had cost him his Mother's life last time, and he didn't wish to go back without atleast one in hand.

As much as he craved to make Ruo at him, he knew they were just emotions, and he had experienced pushing away similar emotions many times. He knew how to handle it in such situations.

Pulling his eyes away from the dazed girl. He took a deep breath. "I want to find a Life-type Magical Resource, but it is quite dangerous from now on… maybe, some of the Power Borns have already realized that there are Life-Type resources around; if so, it would be…"

Yue Li looked at him with a pale smile.

He sighed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146 - 146: Getting the fruit without sowing the seeds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li hesitated a lot, but in the end, decided to take a strategic retreat. Life-type treasures were important, but not nearly as important as his mother's or Ruo's life, his too.

Greed could kill, so he has to be greedy with a plan. And he decided to go with the simplest of plans.

He would let his good brother, Yang Wei, work his skin and bones to collect the Life-type resources, and when it was time for a harvest, it would all come to him naturally. It was not like he would use all the resources immediately, and for Han Li, the resource in itself didn't matter as long as he had a decent quantity.

Once again, Yue Li and Han Li found themselves in a cave. It was such a well-hidden hideout, full of hidden routes and winding tunnels and so hard to find that Han Li was sure he wouldn't find it by himself half as quickly. Nevertheless, he had used a simple cantrip to find this place.

The "Demon World" was not without its own aboriginals. Nonsentient as they were, there were many creatures in this world, for example, the Black Crane he killed just after waking up here. Han Li just found and wounded a sort of rabbit with his Life Sword and used the sword's ability to see its memories.

Soon enough, he found this underground cavern hidden under a rabbit hole.

It was dark, but with their senses, it might as well have been bright. It was easy for them to see through it.

After killing or wounding dozens of animals, this was the safest he could find, and finally, here, Yue Li sat down on one of the hundreds of tree roots spread around and, with a sigh, murmured, "This place is really cool."

Han Li nodded, sitting before her. While in the center sat Ruo, still looking at his mother in wonder. He couldn't help but feel that pang of guilt again.

"Are we safe here, Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked.

Han Li nodded, pushing away the thought of what he would miss due to not fighting outside at this moment with the thought that his mother and Ruo were safe.

"So can I lay down for a while?" Yue Li asked.

Han Li looked at her with a soft gaze. "You don't need my permission for such things, why are you acting… so dramatic?"

Yue Li pouted her lips, unamused. "It's natural. My son killed so many people today, and I am almost starting to feel numb; we're both wrong; of course, I knew it was all wrong, and in a sense, I even approved of it earlier…"

"But because I killed without batting an eye, I was able to save Ruo."

Yue Li looked at the girl looking back at her with that weird gaze and felt a bit smug inside, but she pushed such thoughts away, wondering why she was not feeling so worse now after basically watching her son kill others just half an hour ago. With her own eyes, for the first time.

Han Li pointed out. "Don't push yourself too much. They are all just dead till I gain the ability to revive them anyway."

Yue Li blinked and nodded. "That's true, I forgot."

"And I went out of my way to remember their names…"

"Yeah, I was just too preoccupied with what I was feeling like, you know? It's natural that I forget some things, my head hurts thinking about all this… I've heard about such defense mechanisms that would trigger when you see someone close doing something you don't want them to. Like my love for you is too much; it makes me not see your flaws or something like that."

"…is that so," he could only awkwardly shift his gaze back to Ruo.

She was still staring at his mother. Probably the first person to show her kindness.

"Can I know this girl's story?" Yue Li asked, gently caressing the girl's hair. She had never seen such beautiful white hair. Was it natural?

Probably, she guessed, she herself had red hair when her Spark activated after all.

"What is your name, girl?"

Ruo just looked at her with that weird gaze without any words, making Yue Li speechless.

Han Li gently took out a sweet candy he had made the other day using Sea Serpent Honey from his Empty Space, and immediately, a sweet smell started to spread around the area. Ruo smelled the scent and looked at it with wide eyes.

His heart beating like a drum, he extended his hand towards her to feed her, but her face paled instead, and she moved towards Yue Li with a frightened face, almost making Han Li flinch out of his seat.

Yue Li smiled and brought the girl back into her embrace. Gently coaxing her with her head pats, she could feel the girl's heart, and it was wild, making her wonder what kind of experience such a small child had to have been through to make her like this. So frightened and so… weird.

She was like a cat, in all sense of the word, mind included.

Yue Li said with some amusement, "Children don't like Demons. Especially not a mass murderer like you. Don't come close, bitch, get lost."

"I murder for you," Han Li said with a speechless expression. But he could feel how Ruo was in Yue Li's embrace. She was calmer, less trembling.

'Even last time, you always liked to be coaxed like a child by Mom,' he smiled inside.

He felt a bit of relief for some reason at the fact that she didn't accept it from him. He also realized how truly he felt undeserving of Ruo's trust once more.

"Tell me the girl's story, and I will give you a chance to feed her. I am pretty sure I could help you there," Yue Li said joyfully, feeling like a mother once again.

Instead of a damn motherfucker's wife, that is.

Han Li smiled and snorted coldly. "No need, you old hag; coax her for now, and let me think of how to get the Magical Resources."

His mother's eyes widened in anger. "Wha..What did you just call me?"

"Only you can call me hurting names and slap me, but I can't. Did you think I only know the curse words stupid, dumb, and idiot?"

"Of course, I am the Mother, not the other way around. I have no reason to respect you, but you have a lot of them, damn you!"

"Well, cry about it. Like you always do anyway."

Yue Li glared at him with real anger this time, while he delved into his thoughts.

With a chuckle, he exclaimed as he stretched his back, "Yang Wei, all my hope rests on you, do your best!"

He couldn't wait for the trials to end and his harvest to arrive. 'But for now, let's use the chance to cultivate...'

Sadly for him, his mother didn't seem to be in the mood to let him immediately cultivate.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147 - 147: Ruo. Not of the Fang Family, but my Ruo.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li harassed Han Li a lot that day. The word 'Old Hag' seemed to have really pressed some buttons in her. She, as usual, tried to beat Han Li up, only to realize once again that his skin was too thick; then she tried to bite his hand, only to realize her teeth were too weak, and realizing that nothing worked on him, chose just to use Ruo to manipulate him.

This devious woman!

Han Li was, of course, not an easy man to trick into something, but pretty soon, he was talking to Yue Li like he was a vassal and she was a queen. The most amazing part?

His mother almost seemed the part in her mockeries. But when he would be about to reach his 'annoyed' level, when he might probably stop caring about the game and just start sexually harassing his mom, she would stop.

As usual, she was an expert when it came to him. Even though she would be quite foolish otherwise…

Anyway, just like that, Han Li had to waste about an hour of precious meditation time, but he was pretty sure that he couldn't focus anyway with Ruo being so close. Every time the girl's gaze moved from his mother to him, he would feel his heart thump and his hand clench.

He wished to hug her. Tell her it was alright now. Tell her that her big brother had arrived to save her. Feed her the tasty candy. Show her what lay beyond survival. But he didn't dare to even go close enough to touch her.

Her frightened face gave him bad memories.

By the end, even Yue Li realized how profoundly impactful the little girl was to Han Li and grew more and more curious while also thinking about why the girl was so weird. But Han Li seemed to avoid the matter for a long time before he sighed at her glare.

"So, here is the proposition, Xiao Li," Yue Li said, closing Ruo's ears with her palms. "If you tell me her story now, we will end the bad tension brewing between us with a kiss, and that's it. You and me stay the same, fooling around couple of a mother and son. If not, I bet you I won't let you touch me in any way that is even a bit sexual."

Han Li clicked his tongue. "There is no tension between us. What are you talking about?"

Yue Li smiled. "You know, so many hidden secrets, so many confusions, so many doubts. And I don't deserve to know this, too?"

He looked at his mother with a sigh. "Your cheeks have accumulated a bit of fat after eating all the time. So cute."

"No, I puffed it by myself, but don't change the subject."

"Ruo…" Han Li said, and the girl looked at him with wide eyes, almost making his heart jump. 'Damn, I am almost afraid of her at this point…'

Sighing aloud, he murmured, "Ruo is a very pitiful child, as pitiful as they come. You won't believe, or you won't wish to believe her true story."

"Tell me," Yue Li said with a solemn tone. "I expected to see some kind of wounds or something when washing her, but other than her acting meek and fearful, she seems entirely healthy. That is even more unnerving though… and the fact that she lacks the intelligence to even speak clearly makes me worried too."

"There is this tradition in some of the Brothels across Sacred Lust…" he looked at Ruo, knowing she understood what he was speaking of even though she seemed rather unwell in the mind department. "The brothels create some families solely meant to generate beautiful women throughout the ages, and one of these families was the Fang Family in a faraway city from here.

They have all sorts of beautiful women and handsome men they use to gain beautiful and handsome offspring."

"For what?" Yue Li asked with disgust.

"To sell, to use as 'vases,' or to just become usual brothel women."

"Vases?" Yue Li asked, feeling the girl shiver on her lap.

"Basically, they would be the most beautiful of all the brothel's women and would not be allowed to be touched by any man but instead used as an advertisement. Just due to their beauty and attracted by their purity alone, hundreds would visit the brothel, it is a marketing method."

"And Ruo… she?"

"She was born to this Fang Family, and from the day she was born, she decided to be a future 'vase,' her beauty was too powerful, and her talent even more wondrous, as you can see, since she is here, she obviously has Sacred Talent. And even her Spark is special. White Sparrow Spark is a transformation spark of the bird variant. She could fly when she becomes an Evolved."

"I don't care about her, Spark; tell me why she has this kind of mental scars."

Han Li's gaze grew cold. "The Fang Family saw potential in her and began to teach her the true way of cultivation. She Awakened like everyone at the age of 13 about three months ago today, and seeing her Spark, all of them rejoiced and were over the moon. And do you know what her current situation is?"

Yue Li shook her head, a bad premonition in her heart.

"I told you before about Beasts, right? Just like ordinary animals with Beast Cores, there are insects with Beast Cores, too, and they are called Gu Worms. Some people tame these insects or even nurture them by themselves, like the Raven Clan in Southern Lust City, and they can be used to make people act like slaves.

"And they planted more than three of these Gu Worms in Ruo; her heart is currently a worm, her stomach is also currently a worm, while the most problematic thing about her is her wings in case she Evolved, her backbone is also a sort of Gu Worm."

Yue Li felt her own face pale, and her hold over the girl tightened… she felt as if the girl would break at a touch. And there was this frailty in her that just made Yue Li's motherly instinct scream. That made her bite her lips.

Another thought haunted her mind.

'Just like her, there are a lot of kids currently in this Demon World…' her mind muttered, 'and some of them might die somehow. How cruel was the Sacred Demon? can't he keep the children out of this? I have to ask Xiao Li for help…'

"So how did that make her like this? Her eyes are so blank…"

Han Li extended his hand and gently patted Ruo's white hair. She felt warm to the touch.

"They did all that because her Spark was an absolute rarity, it appeared somehow by luck, in a sense, like two chickens mating to birth a phoenix. They wanted her to be the start of another great Clan, White Sparrow Clan.

"But these Gu were not just simple things like changed circumstances; her spine was literally replaced with a worm that now acted as her spine, and the same went to the other two. And moreover, the Fang Family also held the connected Twin Gu of her heart, as in, if they killed it, she would die."

"What kind of lunatics are these bitches?!" Yue Li hissed. "Why do it? To their own child nonetheless."

"This is actually considered a surefire training to achieve Evolution for the Transformation Type cultivators. They could endure the Evolution time's pain easily, but they had underestimated the Gu Worm's lasting effect and overestimated Little Ruo's endurance.

They had believed the pain to vanish and her mind to work okayi'sh after a while, and they didn't need her to be intelligent; they wanted her to be working."

Han Li looked profoundly at his Mother and her pale expression along with her bloodshot eyes. His own eyes, on the other hand, grew calm and callous.

"But only when she became around 16 years old did they realize their plan totally backfired, and by the time she became that age, her mind was entirely broken by the pain, suffering, and pressure. She had become a doll, and they couldn't even use her as a vase at that point. Since the damned Demon Restraining Temple liked to keep appearances clean at the very least.

"Even though they knew it, they would turn a blind eye, of course, unless it is a publically known evil.

And then the only way for them to use Ruo was to do the greatest evil, which I don't want to even speak about, but luckily, her sister, by blood, couldn't bear to see it and, in a nice and sneaky way, went to sell her out to the brothel as a badly functioning 'Vase', but two people intervened on the way and bought her with a high price, and those two people were you and me."

Yue Li looked at him with a stunned expression. "What again?"

"Those are just speculations of how it would have ended up, just that I gave it a happy ending by including us in the story, but the logical part, without including the future, the story is accurate."

Even the future part was real, just that it won't repeat. And just that he had omitted a lot of the story, about how he had lost his mother to longevity and lost Ruo to the schemes of the Fang Clan soon after.

Yue Li felt something amiss, but she couldn't put her finger on it. She just looked at him dubiously.

Han Li chuckled wryly and gently took the shivering girl from his mother. He could feel the girl almost cry out loud in fear, and that made his heart ache.

"Ah, don't cry, it's just your big brother..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148 - 148: Freebie
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Han Li and his Mother were inside the underground cavern, one trying to get Little Ruo to eat the candy in her hand and the other deeply in meditation, the outside world was full of chaos.

Yang Wei and some allies he had put together were only one of the many intelligent enough to do something like that. By the time it was deep at night, as the moon hung high in the sky, filtering the land in gentle luminescence, hundreds died every hour.

It didn't take long before everyone understood that the world had Life Type Magical Resources, which was enough seed for all the chaos. At first, it was a battle between Evolved, and then, the intelligent ones slowly slipped away with their loot while those who still fought ended up seeing something interesting before they welcomed the bliss of death—a simple attack by a Power Born.

Soon enough, every Evolved was working like slaves for the Power Born, all searching fervently for a Magic Resource; if they didn't find it in some hours, one of them would be killed at random—that one of them could be them!

But the world didn't lack people who cared for life. There were some Power Born, like the Saintess Moon Girl, Monk Hen Shin, or such people who just ran around saving kids and the powerless from the struggles of the wicked. While some demons on the other hand…

Luckily, among Sacred Talent Cultivators, not many were so pitiful as to need helpless people to push their will on, if they needed to, they were superior enough to bend wills in the Seven Continents. Regardless, the world didn't lack evil, but none of the evil was Power Born, so almost all such ugly faces and weak men died at the hands of the righteous.

When a Power Born decides to do something, it was natural the Evolved would suffer. And Han Li hadn't noticed it, but this world was not nearly as vast as the continents. It was barely a day's work for people who could fly to go around and come back.

But just like in the real world, if they tried to fly above a certain height, their bodies would start to react badly. It would start to convulse, and just like the real world, it was a globe, so they could never find an 'edge' to the world.

Regardless, Power Born were too scary…

Even Han Li was afraid of them.

***

As the world filled up with more and more dead human bodies, in the underground cave, Han Li was seated cross-legged, his back drenched with sweat.

He had taken the risk of briefly going out; his mom wanted him to save at least one child for her, and he tried to, only to end up seeing a Power Born face to face. His heart thudded in his chest, and he took a deep breath. Luckily, that was Monk Hen Shin. A paragon of righteousness.

Yue Li was scared half to death after understanding that she had actually put her son's life in danger and that he was not some invincible god who could just go out and come in.

As a result, she was now clinging to his chest with a pale face and kissing his cheeks like he would be lost if she let him free.

Whereas Ruo was now sleeping to the side with a sweet candy stick still in her mouth, it was nothing bad; it was edible too, so no one disturbed the completely fatigued girl. Yue Li had easily fed her the candy, and its effect of removing fatigue from the body really did wonders for Ruo; it made her fall asleep.

Yue Li covered her with the leftover clothing that Ruo herself wore—it was too big for her, so it was as good a blanket as they could find for now.

Suddenly, Han Li's meditation was once again broken.

Feeling his mother gently kiss his lips once more, he opened his eyes in annoyance.

"Mom, let me meditate…" He sighed, "I can't focus with all this, it is such a good opportunity to get Energy… I am missing a Dao Crystal every minute of attention I give you."

Yue Li pouted. "Am I not worth that one Dao Crystal you lose? You don't like me kissing you anymore, do you? I am an old hag, after all."

Her son just sighed and planted a deep and forceful kiss on her lips, and a second later, he broke it. "I now understand that you are not the type of person you would want to be with when traveling into places like these. You are meant to be at home, in my room, cooking, or just traveling into nice places on vacation."

"Right…" Yue Li nodded, saddened. He had already told her about the Righteous woman who was going around saving kids alongside Monk Hen Shin, and thinking about her made her a bit envious.

She daydreamed in his embrace while he once more went back into meditation. "One day, if I become strong, I will be like her. I will also save people, you know? And by the way, revive all of these people when you become strong enough, okay?"

Han Li smiled, his eyes once more opened, looking at her with a gentle gaze.

"Okay, this is the deal. I will revive everyone dead in the world and create a pure land for them, indoctrinate them with the belief of righteousness, and enslave them to that mentality. Then I will throw them to a world and call it Heaven. How is it?"

Yue Li looked at him, pissed. "I am not joking, you have no respect for me these days, do you? Calling me an old hag, too."

"Are you not one?" Han Li teased.

"No…" Yue Li said, the rims of her eyes wet, "I am young, just thirty-five years old."

"Oh no!" Han Li suddenly exclaimed.

"What?" Yue Li asked with a weird face.

"I have been seduced by a vixen twice my age, and she is now saying that she is young! Oh heavens, someone help me!"

Yue Li giggled and gave a smack on his head. "Don't call your mother vixen. Call me something nice for once."

"Like?"

"Something romantic or something?"

"Darling…" Han Li felt his goosebumps rise, and even Yue Li felt a cringe.

"I'll keep to Mom," he said with a cough.

"Yeah," Yue Li nodded readily and said, "We are not supposed to be romantic. Go be cheesy with some other woman. I am too high class for such stupid things."

Rolling his eyes at her, he returned to meditation, and this time, no matter what Yue Li attempted, he didn't wake up. Seated there, he was like an iron statue; even if she punched him, it wouldn't make a difference.

She tried sitting on his back, pushing him, kissing him, licking his cheeks, and even leaving trails of saliva on his neck trying to leave a hickey, but he was entirely akin to a statue, immovable by lust, desire, and even her pitiful strength.

Bored, she gently brought Ruo beside them and made the girl use one of Han Li's lap as a pillow, and that immediately seemed to have worked as he opened his eyes, filled with annoyance once more. "What is the problem with you?" he asked.

"Nothing," Yue Li coughed. "Last time, no more games. I am also going to sleep."

As he glared with a gaze that said, 'I would ravage you till you go crazy and lose all manner of understanding if you don't sleep immediately,' she gulped and slept on his lap, whistling nervously. She didn't really know the extent of what Han Li could do when there was a child beside them, and for now, she didn't want to test it.

What if he really did that, and Ruo woke up to see something so horrendous?

She would lose all kinds of respect with this future Daughter in the law of hers!

Moreover, she was just a child, and she shouldn't be exposed to such things yet. There was time for everything, but Yue Li didn't know what Han Li would or wouldn't do anymore. He had grown a bit… unfathomable. In a bad way.

She had to crack his shields slowly. But she could already feel that she was at the cusp of figuring out his damned secret already. "Someday soon…" she muttered as she fell asleep, and he sighed, gently removing their heads from his lap. He walked to the side and once again began meditation.

The more he meditated, the faster the gains.

He felt as if he was gaining a crystal a minute at this point.

…

2 hours later, Han Li opened his eyes calmly. They shone like red gems.

"I wish I could stay here forever…" he sighed, "That would have been so great. Hiding with my girls from society till I reach my limits…"

He shook his head and used Life Vision on himself.

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Below Average Evolved Physique]

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin—Vibrating Skin]

[Organ Strengthening: 99% completion]

With a smile, he went back to meditation. He would only level up the rest one percent when his Mother woke up—it was a majestic sight worth seeing.

Till then, he had no reason to waste these freebie Dao Crystals.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149 - 149: The unexpected benefit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li woke up after 3 hours, but Little Ruo seemed extremely fatigued, to the point she was in a sort of comatose state, so she was still asleep.

Han Li calmly explained to his Mom that he was about to have a breakthrough in transforming his organs to those similar to the Sacred Demon, and his mother looked at him curiously. Remembering the last time she had seen his Skin become stronger.

"The skin gave you the ability to vibrate. Will Organs give you something like that, too?" She asked while rubbing her eyes off of sleep, sitting before him and looking at him curiously.

Han Li didn't respond and kept his eyes closed.

Yue Li pouted but focused her gaze on his forehead; there was a red mole there, inconspicuous enough that not even Li Yao and Liyue had noticed it yet. It needed to be searched to be found. But she remembered that he got it when his skin was transformed.

Han Li was in his own thoughts.

Li Shuanwei. Yes, now he remembered that person once more.

Why didn't Life Vision work on him?

Life Vision told him that person was just Unawakened, even in his twenties. So why was he said to cultivate a different path? Why?

Was Life Vision a flawed ability of his Three Life Sacred Eyes?

Did he put too much faith in this gimmick?

Maybe the people after Li Shuanwei, especially the Power Born Demonic Ice Fairy, were mistaken and just making a mess for no reason.

'Maybe I am thinking too much into it…' He also thought the same; his life vision hadn't betrayed him as of yet other than with Li Shuanwei.

The words he heard about that man came back to him.

"He is said to be an Unawakened, but that is bullshit; that person is not who he seems to be. He is a cultivator, but just not the way we know it…"

Han Li's eyes calmly opened. Scarlet embers seemed buried beneath. His gaze was cold, calculating, and curious. There was no smoke without a fire like there were no rumors without a basis.

And the fact that both changes that happened in the timeline—the existence of a new player, Li Shuanwei, and the Heaven Rising that was early by almost forty-plus years… Everything seemed joined as if in a puzzle, but he missed the key pieces.

It seemed oddly intriguing that such an insignificant character in his past life could be so influential in this Era. Thinking deeper, Han Li wondered whether he was one of the other Sacred Eye inheritors.

Could he be?

Two of us from one city?

'There is no use climbing a tree to catch a fish. My current focus shouldn't be there. Yang Wei, he is no less worrying than any others.'

The Spirit inside Yang Wei made Han Li worried. It was an Unknown.

What was the Spirit?

There were no such things in this world as far as he knew. When you die, you ascend to heaven and become a star if you are a Power Born at the very least. If not, you just assimilate into the surroundings as pure Energy.

But what about the Spirit inside Yang Wei?

Even the Sacred Demons had died and perished.

After all, in the first few pages of the Demonic Lust Sutra, Lust Demon had asked Han Li to revive him if he ended up having surpassed the level of Sacred Demons. So what was this… Spirit? (check chapter 1 for reference)

Is the Spirit something even beyond the Sacred Demons?

It couldn't be.

Han Li frowned, but then shrugged.

"The future seems to hold more and more intrigue by the day. I can't wait to see it unfold."

Yue Li blinked at her son's words and wanted to ask something, but he closed his eyes with a wink, and she could only look at him with curiosity. Han Li's consciousness, on the other hand, moved into his Empty Space.

The Empty Space, in a sense, the egg of an unborn world yet to be. Maybe someday, it would also become a Demon World. Flourishing with life and much more.

But that was a distant dream. For now, the only thing infront of him was darkness, Dao Soul, and Dao Crystals—that was his Empty Space.

His Dao Soul of Lust stood there in the darkness, like a sole light in emptiness itself. There were some Dao Crystals around it, but they were not half as bright as it was.

It was a unique sight even among all Dao Souls.

Usually, Dao Souls were transparent apparitions for the Ethereal Type Cultivators. Meanwhile, Transformation Type Cultivators' Dao Soul would have a semi-bestial appearance, and even though they would be more substantial, they would lose the ability to use Magic Powers.

Han Li's Dao Soul was different. It had the Ethereal feel of an Ethereal Type Cultivator, with a half-transparent Dao Soul that had reddish skin and organs faintly visible underneath it—it looked weird but strangely beautiful. It was also becoming more and more solid.

Ten of the Dao Crystals around it congregated towards it and jumped into the Dao Soul and assimilated with it, merging like the one missing piece in a puzzle, the Organs inside the Dao Souls started to brighten like little red suns.

Han Li opened his eyes to the outside world. His gaze bright and his heart pumping like drums.

Yue Li looked at him with a stunned gaze.

His whole body seemed to shine with red light, like a cape made of wisps hung behind him, while his eyes seemed like red orbs chaotically bright as they took in the world's brilliance.

Her gaze shifted to his forehead. There, another red mole appeared beside the first one, and both moles suddenly became a bit more conspicuous.

Suddenly, the red light around him vanished, and Han Li took a deep breath. It was like a sudden feeling inundated her, a feeling so immensely cold, Yue Li felt her goosebumps rise and her eyes shrink. The sensation was akin to standing in front of a beast, a tiger in the woods as it opened its maw gently.

She couldn't move.

The sheer explosive aura was so oppressing that her heart pounded, cold sweat appeared on her, but it didn't last, she found a warm hand gently caressing her cheek, pinching it like you would do with a naughty child.

She looked at him with a wronged expression and immediately realized his looks had changed…

Was handsome the word?

She doubted it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150 - 150: Soul's organs gave the heart the power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

She doubted it.

Could he be called handsome?

All she felt was a predatory vibe from him.

A sense of oppression, a sense of utter dominance. But there was that familiar warmth she had gotten so used to by now, unchanged. Regardless, there was a weight to him now that made her gulp.

He gently pushed her hands against the cold rock of the cavern, and she looked at him unamusingly. "Xiao Li, the girl is beside us, no naughtiness…"

Han Li's lustful gaze, amused and intrugued, calmed down and he planted a gentle kiss on her lips, which she reciprocated lovingly. A second later, they parted.

"What an unexpected benefit," he muttered, looking at her flushed face.

"What happened?" she asked, clearing her throat and examining his changes.

Han Li's hair was black, not the usual kind. It was now a lustrous darkness, thick and healthy, almost like steel threads, while his eyes were more strikingly red, if until now, he seemed wise, now he seemed all-seeing. His eyes seemed to have a power to penetrate hearts and see right through it.

And on top of all of that, like the final ingredient in a masterpiece, were the two tiny red moles on his forehead, barely visible because his face was just inch away from hers. It added that final touch to his caramel skin, making him look like a masterpiece carved by the gods.

Nah, he was carved by herself, who was she giving the credit to? He was her masterpiece.

Hearing her question, Han Li pondered. Throughout his whole body, hidden from normal senses now ran vibrant Heart Qi, the ephemeral power of the heart. It was no longer the Heart Qi that was barely worthy of being called Heart Qi. It was the true, pure Heart Qi.

It was the power of his Heart of Cultivation. Moreover, it was just as strong as it was in his past life, when he was a Transcendence Stage Cultivator. According to how he remembered, it was the first level of Heart Qi, which people would gain upon becoming Transcendent.

Han Li sat to his mother's side and made her rest her head on his lap. She knew he was contemplative and serious this time, so she didn't bother him, she closed her eyes and felt his hands massage her hair gently while also playing with her cheeks.

His mind on the other hand, was contemplating the consequences.

Usually, throughout a cultivator's journey to the apex, their hearts would grow stronger and stronger, especially through training their Proficiencies in weapons or similar things. Even Yue Li had Heart Qi, but it was impossible to be used because she didn't have a Dao Soul with a Heart inside it.

But Transformation Type Cultivators did have hearts in their Dao Soul, but they still can't use their Heart Qi, why? THe question boggled his mind for only a brief moment before he gained an understanding.

Because their hearts were not strong enough.

Only Transcendants had transcended the mortal coil, they were entirely of another level compared to all previous Stages of cultivation. In that Stage, the difference between Transformation and Ethereal blur, with a wave, Transcendents could create a disaster for mankind, even for the continent as a whole if there were no one to stop them.

Even though Han Li's body wasn't Transcendent, his heart was. Till now, the Organs in his Dao Soul weren't completely real yet, but now that they had become real, it was natural he could use the full power of his Heart Qi now. But that also made his heart skip a beat.

If his Heart Qi was already as strong as Transcendants at the Evolution Stage, what would it become when he reaches Power Birth Stage? What if he Transcends?

It would only become stronger and stronger through every level up, as his Dao Soul grew stronger.

The only issue was, he didn't really know how to make the best use of Heart Qi. When he became a Transcendant, he was being hunted down from all sides unlike the other Transcendants, so he didn't have the chance to learn from other Transcendants or records that the Four Great Sects kept, so his use of the Qi was limited to instinctual level at best.

The only ways he knew how to use it were for making binding contracts, hiding his Soul Sense, and using it as an aura to dominate others, even Power Borns would be startled if not cowered to that aura. Yue Li had just sensed a wisp of it.

He wouldn't be so much of a show off to make his mom actually frightened.

"Heart Qi…" Han Li touched the Life Sword laid next to him.

In the continent, only four people currently had Heart Qi, the Four Great Sect's highest standing people—the Four Great Transcendents. All of the others wouldn't even know how it felt like to have a power like this. But there was no way they would teach him how to use it, if they knew he had it, the best thing to happen would be getting his eyes gouged out.

500 years of experience is a thing everyone would want to covet if they knew of it.

'It is such a unique power but in the end, not so useful…' He pondered. 'Except, Yang Wei's Spirit knows how to use it.'

Yue Li felt her son's hand glide through her cheek as he inserted a finger into her mouth, she bit it gently, it was warm but too hard.

'His body became tougher too, not just the organs…' she lamented inside. He was already a piece of work in the bed she had to ask him to avoid using vibrations, she hoped this wouldn't make it too hard for her.

She licked on his finger while thinking until he looked at her in curiously.

"What are you, a dog?" he asked.

Yue Li glared at him, and spitting out the finger, her cheeks flushed. "You inserted the finger in, I didn't know what to do…"

Han Li smiled. "So what, you will lick everything I insert in? Have some will of your own, woman."

Coughing to herself, she tried to stand up from his lap with a pout but a simple hand gently placed above her made that an impossible idea. Her son… he was too strong.

"Mom, do you know what Power my organs got due to making them similar to the Lust Demon?"

She looked at him curiously. "What Power? It couldn't be anything good."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151 - 151: Vital
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

She looked at him curiously. "What Power? It couldn't be anything good."

"Heh," Han Li smiled, looking at his hand with Life Vision. "It is a good power, especially for us. It's a unique Power called [Vitality]. A power based on the Life Great Dao, especially Lust Dao, and I can use it on myself or you. Basically, I can give or take Stamina from anyone I am touching."

Yue Li's eyes brightened. "As in?"

Her son placed a finger on her lips, but she didn't do anything and just looked at his eyes curiously. His other hand gently tickled the base of her jaw, and as her mouth opened, he put his finger into it. Irritated thinking about the earlier taunt, she bit it like a hamster.

On the other hand, Han Li could feel a warmth being sucked in from his mother's body into his own, and she felt her own energy draining, becoming lethargic. Han Li didn't suck in too much of his mom's vitality; with a smile, he returned twice the amount he had absorbed, and she exhaled gently, her face flushed.

"I almost feel like you made me orgasm," Yue Li blissfully said, "What a nice feeling."

Han Li sighed and said with pity, "It is just that I need to be in contact with their organs, or it won't work. Such a pity, but it is also quite nice since even without considering sharing and absorbing other's vitality, I can channel my own energy very well now. In fact, I can cut off the vitality from my own semen now, so there is no reason to worry about impregnating a woman accidentally."

Curious, Yue Li asked, "So what about your Longevity?"

Han Li blinked. "It did increase, but why ask?"

"No, on Earth, I had heard that if your organs are healthier, you live longer."

"Earth really is a curious place…" Han Li sighed, once again looking at his hand with Life Vision.

_

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Lifespan: 420 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 121]

[Talent: Sacred]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Above Average Evolved Physique]

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin—Vibrating Skin]

[Organ Strengthening Completed—Healthy Organs—Vitality Channeling]

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

—

His [Below Average Evolved Physique] had become [Above Average Evolved Physique], and even he could feel the difference in himself. Even though only his organs had become stronger, it was natural he was far stronger than earlier in an overall sense, too.

First of all, the body was a circuit, and his [Skin] now had infinite potential; it was just limited due to his other body parts being too weak to let it be balanced.

If his [Skin] became as strong as the true Sacred Demon overnight, his other body parts wouldn't be able to handle it at all; it would be too energy-consuming. But now, with each of his other things becoming closer to the Sacred Demon, they were all complimentary to each other. It was not a one plus one equals two scenario, but rather, a one plus one equals eleven scenario.

He was now way more confident in taking on Yang Wei than earlier. In fact, he was now eager to see his limits since he was a hundred percent certain Yang Wei couldn't kill him. In fact, with his Sword and himself, he was sure there was probably no Evolved in this world who could kill him. Only the other Sacred Eye Inheritors could probably stand a chance.

Han Li pondered. He already knew literally every weakness Yang Wei had through reading his memories from the Life Vision, but he didn't really know anything about the Spirit or its limits. He caressed his mom's cheeks and said with a pinch of her cheek, "Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.

Always remember that if you have to fight, ever."

"Hmm…" Yue Li blinked. "I feel as if I've heard of it before. Some wise man's quote, I think."

"Wise men think alike." Han Li chuckled and took his finger out of her mouth, which was full of her saliva. He wiped it away with his sleeve and planted a kiss on her forehead.

"After returning to the continent is one thing, I am getting carried away. Now we have to think of the upcoming Trials, Mom. It would be quite easy for both of us to win since we can choose what kind of trial we want, either Teamwork or Solo.

"It is more or less a choice which is obvious for us, since if we choose the teamwork route, it would be a piece of cake for us to win. But Little Ruo is the issue."

"What with her?" Yue Li asked, "What happens if we fail the trials?"

"Nothing, we won't get any reward, and we'll be thrown down to where we came from, as safely as we were risen. But the issue is, if Ruo is returned like that, she would be returned to her Fang Family and not us. Only if we win and get a Life Type Resource can we bring her with us."

"What Resource?"

"Kangaroo Space Fruit," he said, "We can trade for it as long as we get any Life Type resource. It will help us temporarily contain a living person inside our Empty Spaces. We can put her inside it just before we are sent down, and when we are back, she will be with us."

"I will carry her in my Empty Space," Yue Li nodded seriously.

Han Li nodded calmly. "But the issue is, even though this world has a lot of life-type resources, they are not always the rewards of winning a trial; the reward could be anything. So, we have to be careful when dealing with the trials, so I am worried slightly. Even going solo wouldn't do since there are a lot of issues with that."

Yue Li furrowed her eyebrows.

"First of all," Han Li calmly said, "The best way possible is to leave now and fight for a Magical Resource, there is almost 9 hours more till sunlight, and that's enough for me to get one if I am cautious enough."

Yue Li gulped.

"So I am now rather worried about leaving both of you here, but the outside world is only scarier, and I did think of a lot of ways, but nothing is legible nor as easy as it is by going out once more. So, I want you guys to stay here silently till the time comes; anyway, around 9 hours later, you will be teleported to the trial grounds, and we can meet there."

"Can't you fight others in the Trial Ground place?"

"No, that's impossible. There is a power there that restricts all sorts of combat. But don't worry, do you remember us binding our hearts together as mother and son?" (chapter 113)

Yue Li blinked and nodded. "Yes, you told me that it would be easy for you to sense me from even long distances after your cultivation rises."

"My cultivation didn't rise but unexpectedly; my Heart Qi is strong enough now, but yes, without a sufficient Soul Sense, I still can't 'see' you from afar, but I can sense your fears as long as it is related to the Heart Qi Oath we swore."

"Our oath was to be filial and loyal to each other," Yue Li pondered.

"Yes, so if you are afraid enough that someone is about to endanger your life, it would mean that the oath would be broken since you might die, so I would sense that danger from afar, and I will run to rescue. So there is nothing to worry about; in case, let's do that binding once more."

At first, he didn't plan to do it like this; it was a thought that occurred to him after he got his Heart Qi.

Instead, he wanted to wait till the Trials began and trade a Life-type resource with Yang Wei or someone else. He had things he could trade for them, for example, a Body Refining Method meant for Water Great Dao or other such Daos. He had a collection of them in his mind, and writing them down wouldn't take much time.

There were not many techniques in the Seven Continents that could make an Ethereal Cultivator's body equal to an [Average Talent Transformation Type Cultivator]. Only his Demonic Lust Sutra was so crazy as to make his body even stronger than [Average].

For all others, [Below Average] was the limit of their Body as long as they were Ethereal Type, and that was only for people with the best techniques.

Yet, he had some techniques that could let them reach [Below Average]. He had some Techniques for each Great Dao like that.

He could have just traded it to them, and at least one of them would agree to the trade, but his name would be out and about, he would get famous, and greedy gazes would check him out. But as long as he was in the surroundings of the cave and didn't go far, he could keep his Mom and Ruo safe while getting his hands on atleast one Life Type resource for the sake of guarantee.

It was a riskier plan compared to his first plan, which was to trade, but he had enough confidence in himself to pull it off, especially because he didn't plan to go immediately.

He would wait till the last hour, and since no one would know that they would be teleported to somewhere else in an hour, even just getting to carry the Magic Resource at that precise time would be enough; he might not even have to fight.

It was a small game of wit and might.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152 - 152: He who fights monsters.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun's harsh rays reduced in might as it went around the dome of heaven, finally nearing the time of sunset. Slaughter-bathed and death-filled, the forest of the world felt as if it had broken a sense of monochrome that had kept nature balanced till now.

Standing at the top of a tree, his gaze akin to an eagle, Han Li looked around, pondering. Humans were like this, the most chaotic of all races as if a mistake by the heavens. Everything else, Beasts, Gu Worms, trees with a beast core inside, all of them were trapped in a sort of life cycle where their standing was always a constant.

If it was a lion, it was put at the top at birth; if it was a squirrel, it was put at the bottom. But humans had the inherent nature by which putting them in any category would be just wrong; they were neither predators at all times nor were they prey; they were just a unique cog in the whole system of things.

His gaze moved to the waterfall once more, so mighty, he knew, even after having had his breakthrough and his physique becoming an [Above Average Evolved Physique], in the face of nature, he was nothing but an ant with a bigger head. Even Power Borns couldn't have been mighty enough to withstand that waterfall.

Han Li already knew the location of six Power Born. He had killed enough animals and absorbed all their memories in the last half an hour, the number of animals here was quite aplenty, so he had eyes everywhere. And, of course, he didn't plan to engage them; he would take advantage of the weak instead. Even though he lacked info on some key figures, it was not that worrying.

His cold red gaze focused on the distance at a group of people, three buff men and one coquettish woman, each wearing different martial robes and bickering as they moved towards one of the Power Borns. In their hands, there were no Life Type resources, he knew. He had already realized that after inflicting a wound on their comrade's corpse that they had left behind.

Yet, they did have many Water Type resources.

Even mosquito meat was meat, he wouldn't reject such heavenly fortune.

Han Li was swift; after finding their location, he jumped down the tree with a vine and quickly followed them. His footsteps were quick; he was akin to a blur in normal senses like a cheetah dropped into its natural habitat, and a minute later, he was standing before the party. Of course, in the shadows.

His gaze scanned them. Two of the three men were Transformation path, and both of them would be beyond his bodily capability in a head-on fight, as long as they got the chance to transform, that is. One of them had an Ice Monkey Dao Soul, while the other was, surprisingly, a Rabbit Dao Soul. Han Li's gaze shimmered as he waited in front of them while his sword was on their back.

With a single glance, Han Li could tell they had zero teamwork and were wary of each other.

He waited, he waited till they were just a meter apart, five seconds more, and he would attack. One…

Two…

Cold sweat streamed down his back, and his heart skipped a beat; in his senses that were hidden with Heart Qi but spread 10 meters all around him, in the sky was a woman, and she was coldly looking at him. Han Li immediately knew the person.

Saintess Moon Girl!

The second Power Born was just like Monk Hen Shin, going around the Demon World just saving children; even though great fortune hung around her for her to have, she didn't look twice. A carrier of justice, an absolutely fierce woman.

But to Han Li, her fair, jade-like face felt like a scythe that hung around his neck.

'She would kill me if I moved…' His heart chilled, and he stayed still as if he hadn't noticed anything. His sword, too, hid in the shadows, completely untraceable. Suddenly, his heart calmed down, and his mind became icy sharp, and a smile tugged at his lips.

He repressed the smile.

Han Li walked out of the shadows, his face utterly frigid.

The party of four was startled, and all of them quickly jumped back.

Moon Girl frowned. Wasn't this person just trying to ambush them?

Han Li, on the other hand, coldly looked at the three men and the woman. His gaze emotional, he asked, "Where is my brother Lu Jun?"

The men and the woman immediately looked at each other. Lu Jun? Who the fuck was that?

Han Li's eyes reddened. "My brother Lu Jun was with you earlier, the scar-faced, orange-haired handsome man. Did you kill him?"

The men and woman immediately realized. Ah! That idiot who had tried to take advantage of them, the person who they killed together earlier, their earlier companion!

"Brat, if you don't want to die, scram!" One of the buff men said coldly, he was the Rabbit Dao Soul guy.

Han Li glared at him with a face full of desperation. A smirk inside his mind; of course, they wouldn't want to explain it to him; after all, they didn't know a justice-seeking disaster was in the sky.

"Did you…" with a heartbroken expression, he asked, "Really kill brother Li Jun?"

The four of them all relaxed, thinking of him as an Awakened instead of an Evolved. He looked too young, and even though there were resources to change appearances, if Li Jun was such a cheap idiot who died for a bunch of Water Type resources, how could his brother be any different? If he was strong, they'd be a team in the first place.

Arrogance ruled their thought process, calmly and silently; Han Li activated his Talent—Seduction. All of their groins started to feel weird, especially the woman, and their thinking process was also messed with, as lust would usually.

"You guys are all demons," Han Li teared up. "Do you have any way of saying no? Are you guys even human? He was such a heroic person. What did you do to the children he saved?"

Li Jun had saved no children, nor were the people here Demons; anyone sane would reject such slander by instinct; anyone would go nuts to say it was slander. But sadly for them: [Low-Level Magic Power, Fantasy Inducement: An ability to make others briefly forget something due to a lack of attention to detail by uniquely inducing their lust.]

They were like a fiddle to him; they couldn't even notice it due to a lack of him using Dao Crystals; it was a direct Power, and unlike Yang Wei who had his Spirit to guide him in the battle, here Han Li was alone, to someone as experienced as him, these people were just simple beings.

If the Power Born above was spreading her Soul Sense, he wouldn't have been so daring, but she was just looking at them, like looking at ants.

And Han Li sobbed again, wiping his face with a sleeve. He screamed, his appearance that of a wounded beast, a hopeless creature. His act was so realistic even his mother would have fallen for it. He had experience doing this a million times after all.

Acting was a survival skill.

"Kill me too; I don't have any cultivation! I am just an Awakened, and I no longer have anyone! Kill me too, you demons!" His heart-wrenching screams made all of them frown, but just as they were about to reject the accusations, they forgot that thought. Luckily, even if the Power Born scanned him with her Soul Sense, he would seem weak. He had Heart Qi after all.

If even one of them among the party had a solid Heart of Cultivation, Han Li would have been in a lot of trouble since that would easily make them reject it, but unlike his mom, they were not so aligned with their own thoughts.

But Han Li, more than anyone, knew how arrogant these Sacred Talent Young Masters and Mistresses were usually. He knew how high pedestal they would think of themselves. Even looking at him, they would have a shade of disdain. Finding someone with humility among them was a rare event.

The coquettish woman did give Han Li many scares with her frowns, but Seduction on the side was a powerful technique, especially since his beauty was so devastating to most women. Her eyes were practically glazed with lust as she looked at him.

Beauty was a weapon.

And seeing their expressions and seeing them not even utter a word of rejection against the young awakened, who she had thought to be an Evolved Demon waiting in ambush, the woman in the skies coldly harrumphed to herself.

How vile these three men and that woman were!

And that boy really does look handsome, but what was this woman? With one glance, she could understand that the coquettish woman was a slut. Who looks at a newly met face with such lust?

She calmly waved her hand in the air, and a moon-like blade appeared and cut off each three of the men's heads, and on the side, cut off all four of the woman's limbs, and then finally vanished as shards of light.

Smiling, completely confident in her judgment, she flew away. Just in case, she had put a delayed attack on the woman. If that youth tried to do something weird with the woman, he would also perish.

Han Li looked at her vanishing back with a smirk using his Soul Sense.

"Among all of the people who were here," he muttered, a chuckle in his tone. "You are the most arrogant, the most conceited. Yet, you are also the strongest. What you say is justice., is justice."

But…

He shook his head.

He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster himself. And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee.

Who was the demon?

Was it the lion acting like a sheep?

Was it the three people who were already dead?

Or… Was it the justice seeker?

"First time I schemed against a Power Born so easily," Han Li chuckled.

"What an amusing and attractive girl… ah, I forgot to check her with Life Vision."

His gaze then moved to the coquettish woman. With a smile, he forgave her for killing his brother Li Jun, and with a smile, he departed. Of course, not without a pouch full of Water-type resources; in total, there were three.

"Bountiful harvest awaits the diligent farmer," He sang, his mood lovely.

There was still roughly about an hour till sunset.

His mood couldn't help but become better again.

The best thing in this scheme was that he wouldn't have had to suffer even if the dead or dying had reacted against him. He would just be thought of as someone Li Jun, the Evolved, had manipulated into thinking that Li Jun was a good man. It was a no-loss game.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153 - 153: Luckyly in the Maw
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li stood in the middle of a clearing, hidden, his face filled with complex emotions, which he quickly cleared away.

Before him, settled inside a small cradle, was a baby; he was crying out loud while all around the baby boy, were foxes. White foxes and all of them seemed to shine in the twilight like the lustrous moon. They appeared strangely ethereal.

None of these foxes were Beasts. They were normal animals. But around the cradle of leaves where laid the baby, they walked around, as if they were protecting the baby. As if they were sentient beings filled with pity at the small lifeform.

Han Li looked at them as the foxes snorted and walked around; everything felt calm; there was no reason for him to waste any time here—only if there was not a Life Type Magical Resource in the baby's hand. Yes, there was a tangerine-like fruit tied to the baby's hand, and with one glance, he knew what it was.

Any other person might have jumped at the chance, saving the kid in the process from the bloodshed around. Han Li would have also done that; he would have returned to his mom's side already. He was feeling anxious now, even though he was pretty sure his mom was safe and that no one could find her in merely 40 minutes that remained till sunset. He didn't like putting it to an off-chance.

But no, he didn't move to take the fruit. He stayed still. Just looking at the baby and the cradle, his sense of danger alarmed out crazily. There appeared to be no danger, nothing at all. Yet, his life vision told an entirely different story.

It was the first time he had used Life Vision on a beast like this, and he could feel the lack of a name the thing had. Instead, the feedback he received was the name of its species instead.

[Parasite Bait Snake] [Age: 39 years]

[Current Cultivation: Ordinary Beast—Blood Dao Beast Core.]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Ordinary Animal]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Beast King, Life Great Dao Beast King Core.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 56 in a battle against another Beast.]

'…A snake that releases parasitic venom. It can enslave other beasts for a short time till they die soon enough, and when they die, it uses them as food. It baits others with nasty tactics as if it is sentient, but it lacks any intelligence, yet it has very keen instincts…' he remembered. The snake was stuck to a tree, but it was hard to notice due to its almost bark-like skin.

He was quite sure many had died here already; the snake was good at hiding such things, so it was quite strong. In fact, almost all of the Beasts in this world had bodies at the level of Sacred Talent Cultivators of the Transformation Type even without Transforming, so if they took you by surprise, you'd be done for most of the time.

He also knew this thing was even more dangerous. Unlike Transformation-Type Cultivators, who had to transform, Beasts were strong in their original forms and were extremely strong. Just like him, who had Talents instead of Magic Powers, they also had inherent abilities like flight, venom sacs, flexible bodies, and similar.

Even though they lacked the intelligence to use it well, their instincts were, in themselves, powerful.

Han Li took a deep breath. The Life Sword floated gently closer. If even one of the wolves were harmed, the snake would notice, Han Li knew the danger. He knew it didn't rely on something like Soul Sense either, so even the slightest sound would alert it.

'I have to deal with this before one of the Power Borns who are searching for the kids arrive here…" His gaze locked in on the snake's possible vulnerable areas. Han Li pondered the best route for a long second. What was the best choice here?

A passing breeze lifted his hair slightly, brushing by his cold and calculative gaze.

The beast had a better body than him, but his sword could cut it. His proficiency that Evolution Stage couldn't even dream about was not something it could easily push aside. The stronger your proficiency, the sharper your weapons were.

Even though he couldn't cut through metal like butter now, he could cut through normal-width trees like butter. His strength had risen, and his body could help him better use the sword now. Of course, using his strength alone, he could bend metal.

But even though the snake appeared so brittle, he knew it would have flesh tougher than normal trees. It would have a body powerful enough to crush him if it coiled around him.

Its skin would also be hard to pass through. Even the wolves could end up being a nuisance. Suddenly, Han Li sat down cross-legged and began to breathe evenly. He calmly waited with anticipation rising in his chest

It didn't take long before a long-haired young man entered the clearing. He had pitch-black hair, blue eyes, and black teeth. The young man first looked at the baby in the clearing and scanned the surroundings using his Soul Sense. Han Li took a step back from where he was. The soul sense reached the limit of 10 meters just a step before him.

While at the same time, he looked at the youth with curiosity. 'Mud Dao Soul, Ethereal Type…' he thought.

On the other hand, the youth had his eyes shimmer as he walked confidently towards the baby. A magical resource!

Could it be a life type?

All of the wolves turned and looked at him, their eyes immediately bloodshot.

*Growl!*

They growled at him hatefully.

"What a pity," the youth said, his voice airy, "I would've loved to have you guys back home as my pets. What beautiful fur, what moon-like brilliance, but sadly, I have not the power to leave nor the ability to take you away with me. We could have some fun here if you wish, though."

He said with a weird grin and added with an emotional chuckle. "I really love these animals who care for human life, you know? Better than humans, at least."

The wolves looked at him coldly, slowly surrounding him.

The youth sighed, "My family was like you, wolves. I used to think of them as mighty, you see. But in the end? When they surrounded me to kill me, I was far too strong for them. Just like now."

He walked forward and suddenly chanted something inaudible. The weight on the wolves seemed to have suddenly doubled, tripled. Magical Power: Weight of Mud!

The youth didn't immediately move to the baby, though, making the hidden Han Li frown in irritation. The youth instead walked towards one of the white wolves and ran his hand through its fur with a weird, blissful expression.

Han Li coldly snorted to himself. The fool!

The chance of them both dying to each other was now out of the list.

The snake slithered, gently and silently, moving towards the youth like a silent wind. Even the grass it slithered upon seemed not to have felt it as it suddenly appeared behind the youth and suddenly stood long.

Han Li felt his heart thump at the sight. Seven meters, the whole thing was at least 7 meters!

It was like a sudden spring, as before the youth could even realize what was happening, a huge maw devoured him, and a great tail surrounded him with the fox he was caressing together.

The snake's hold tightened. A small geyser of blood exploded; the boy's body was then devoured whole, soon followed by the 2-meter big wolf.

The snake stood there, blood completely bathing it as it hissed coldly at the remaining foxes. With another hiss, it heavily rolled around in the blood-soaked mud, and the blood was slowly absorbed into its skin. About ten minutes later, the snake hissed and returned to where it had been hiding.

But then it looked with its green eyes at the empty cradle-like structure where neither the baby nor the fruit was visible.

It was silent for a second before it opened its mouth wide in a hiss. Han Li smirked from some meters in front of it. His gaze focused, he spun the sword now firmly in his grip, adjusting his hold until the hilt felt just right. The world seemed to hold its breath as his leg was planted heavily onto the ground, and he hurled it.

The sword spun through the air like a dark flash, a streak of deadly precision. It had crossed the distance in a second, and in another second, it pierced the soft tissues of the beast's inner mouth. It screeched and closed its mouth like a toothpick stuck inside the throat; the flying sword wreaked havoc inside.

It didn't take long for the squirming beast to stop squirming; just 4 minutes after the heart was destroyed inside like tofu, its movements came to a halt. Like a balloon losing air, blood leaked through its pores.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154 - 154: I had expected him to be a Demon but appears not.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li was inside the underground cavern, Little Ruo calmly sleeping on her lap. She gently combed the girl's white hair with her hand, her motherly instincts overflowing her. While on the other hand, she was worried about Han Li, too.

'Only about ten or twenty minutes before sunset…' she thought, 'and then, I should be teleported to the place where the trials will happen. Xiao Li told me not to stand out among the crowd when I reached there, so there must be many people there.'

She closed her eyes slightly. 'Xiao Li will be there, what have I got to worry about? I wonder how Liyue and Li Yao are doing…'

In the darkness of the cave, her mind kept wandering. There were many children whom her Xiao Li, or she herself, could have probably saved, but they didn't… she wondered how many children died here today. She took a deep breath.

In her mind, Han Li was beside her, gently comforting her. That made her heart calm down; as long as her son was there, everything would be fine, one way or the other; nothing could go wrong. Suddenly, she heard the sound of footsteps. Her mind woke up from the grogginess. Did Xiao Li return?

Even though the cavern was dark, she could see rather well with her eyesight, and in the distance, she saw a figure. The person appeared rather blurry, but she focused, and her heart skipped a beat; it was not Xiao Li. But he said we should be safe here…

Her heart started to thud as the image of the person grew clear. It was a wide man; he appeared almost like a mountain, and soon, he was close to them. The old man had a bald head and long white beard. He wore the clothes of a monk. In his hand was a prayer bead, and in his gaze was something unfathomable. As he reached near them, he looked down at them, especially at Ruo.

They were about three meters apart. The monk squatted down in the distance to Yue Li's eye level. His gaze was calmly on Ruo, who was sleeping on Yue Li's lap.

Yue Li was fearful; all of Han Li's teachings and all of his words came to her, and her heart thumped in fear. She instinctively hid Ruo close to her side and looked at the old man with a gaze that spoke volumes of her fear. Her hands trembled slightly. Her face was pale.

Knife, yes, a knife… she thought, but somehow, she couldn't move her hand to take the knife Han Li had handed her. It was hidden beside them, but with one glance of the man, her hands paused. It was as if she was looking at a mountain.

His gaze held the weight of a mountain.

The man looked at Yue Li calmly, his pond-like gaze unstirred and calm.

"The pitiful child of the Fang Family, huh? Hmmm... do you know her name?" the Monk asked.

Yue Li stuttered slightly but replied, "Ruo… she is Ruo."

The Monk smiled.

"Where is your son?" he asked.

"..Ou…out," Yue Li replied, horrified.

The old man nodded.

"He might be able to save this girl in this world, but not if she returns to the seven continents. The Fang Family, if she returns there, she is done for…" The Monk sighed. "I had the feeling that your son was no different from other demons, but seeing you, he seems to be a true demon instead (A demon who still cares for others).

Are you his obsession for him to have such a ruthless demonic heart at such a young age, or is it something else?"

Yue Li felt cold sweat streaming down her forehead.

The monk saw her expression and laughed, his voice reverberating across the cave. "It seems correct. Only with an obsession as strong as the heavens can one have the unflinching heart of a demon, yet seeing you, the youth certainly does care for you. So his obsession can only be you!"

Yue Li looked at the old man, feeling paranoid still, she asked, "Ca… can you move a bit away from us?"

The monk raised an eyebrow. "Hmm? As expected of a demon's mother, even paranoid of a monk? How disrespectful." The monk shook his head and walked ten steps back.

"What do… you want?" Yue Li questioned.

"Just answer this monk's curiosity," The Monk suddenly paused. "Ah, I am Hen Shin, Monk Hen Shin of the Demon Restraining Temple. I had forgotten to introduce myself."

A silence hung for a second.

"My…My son is not a Demon like you said," she said, "And he killed only the people who attacked him!"

Monk Hen Shin was briefly surprised and closed his eyes. Remembering what he had seen from a distance in hiding, indeed, as far as he had seen, that youth had only killed those who attacked him. As far as he had seen, that is.

"Do not worry, mother of a son who is not a demon," The Monk smiled. "I am not here to trouble him either way. If I wanted to kill him, he would have already been dead. I am here for the child currently sleeping in your lap, as she is someone I had vowed to save from the grasp of evil, and what better chance than now?"

Yue Li frowned. But deep down, she was scheming something.

There were barely about ten minutes more till sunset, old man. You jabber on like this, and we'll be teleported in a second. Hahaha, you, sonavabich!

"I cannot give you the girl, Monk. I just adopted her as my child some time ago…" she replied, her throat slightly dry from the earlier scare. She didn't want to talk about her son's unknown connection with the girl since that didn't seem like something she should discuss with a stranger.

Monk Hen Shin grew thoughtful. "But there is no way you could bring her out of here. If she comes with you, she will just be teleported back to her abusive family. If you really care for her as her mother, you should let her come with me since I have a way to take her away with me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155 - 155: Monk
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

She coughed. Xiao Li also told her they couldn't bring her away without trading for a unique Life Type Magical Resource; she knew he was out there searching for the trade-worthy resource.

"I'd have to discuss that with my son, apparently…"

The Monk chuckled, twirling his beard. "Just tell me this: is your son a bad person at heart?"

"Absolutely no. He is like an angel at heart, just that he is a bit too much of a realist," Yue Li said with full confidence. "And there is nothing he wouldn't do for me. He is a very good child."

"Hmm…" The old man scratched his hair, muttering, "To think that I would rely on a demon to complete one of my vows. The world really is a weird place. But even if I bring her back with me, I would have no place to hide her, and I am not strong enough to fight the Fang Family by myself, nor their backing…"

Yue Li looked at the old man, her heart full of worry.

Was this old man really stronger than Xiao Li?

Doesn't Demon Restraining Temple hunt down demons? Was her son in trouble?

"Look here. Where are you from if you tell me I won't harm your son," The old man said, a weird smile on his face.

Yue Li didn't know whether to answer it or not, but she didn't have to think anymore. A black sword calmly rested on Monk Hen Shin's neck.

"Is it enough if I am the one who tells you that, Old Monk Hen Shin," the voice that asked was cold and violent, but Hen Shin only smiled.

"What an interesting duo you both are: a mother with Sacred Talents and a son obsessed with her who is hiding his cultivation," he said, "Tell me, just out of curiosity, how were you trained?"

Han Li calmly spoke, "You, monk, certainly seem to have a talent for peeping into others' lives. Isn't it a rule of you people to abstain from idle chatter?"

In fact, so good at peeping that Han Li didn't even know he had been looked into.

The monk blinked, his profound eyes filled with curiosity of the young man behind him. "Rules are meant to be broken, my child who had chosen the demonic path. Now tell me just one thing: are you worthy of me entrusting this girl to you?"

Han Li frowned. His sword in this man's neck was nothing but empty threats. He wouldn't stand a chance against him. He hated this. He hated this so much! His guts were wrenching inside; his emotions were roiling, telling him to sink the sword into the monk.

Losing control… he hated that.

He smiled, his calm gaze locked onto the old man's neck.

"Am I worthy?" Han Li laughed.

The old man frowned. Had he misjudged this boy's character?

His belief was that even among demons, there existed trustworthy people, and with his experience, he could see through the facade of a youth like Han Li if he tried to act. He wanted to leave Little Ruo in their hands and threaten them with a visit some months later; he would see immediately once he returned whether it was a good choice and immediately travel to their location.

He had no one else here in the Demon World to whom he could entrust this child, not even the disciples of the Temple who were currently here. Fang Family was dangerous. It was best done under the wraps.

'As expected, leaving them in a demon's hand is not the way, Hen Shin. You are becoming too naive with age,' the old monk said to himself, but then he thought of the expensive medicine that Ruo had already been fed. (the honey candy) and couldn't help but think again. There was also a mother in front of him who seemed confident in her son.

Both the youth and his mother are far too young to deceive me.

"Are you worthy?" The old man asked, his tone a turn colder. If he was laughed at again, he had no issue taking a hand away from the youth as a lesson. It should curb his arrogance.

He had forgotten. All young Sacred Talents were like this, after all.

Han Li stopped chuckling. His red eyes focused on the man who could kill him easily.

"Am I worthy? I do not know Monk. But what I do know is, I'd fight you to protect her if it came to it."

The Old Man looked at him with his shimmering black eyes. "That was not a lie. If it were, you'd be dead."

"Lie detection? A very good Magical Power. And your chanting speed is so ungodly I didn't even notice," Han Li praised.

"Where are you from?"

"Sacred Lust Continent, Southern Lust City, name Han Li, the sole son of Yue Li. I am a man who doesn't like attention, so I'd prefer you not speak of me."

A brown fruit appeared in the old man's hand, and he threw it at Yue Li.

"Use that fruit; you can temporarily put living beings in your empty space. Three months later, I will come to Southern Lust. If Ruo is not treated well by then, I'll kill your son."

Yue Li caught the fruit and looked at Han Li.

The old man looked at Han Li for the last time.

"As long as there is a little spot of compassion in your heart, there is always a hope of redemption. I usually abhor demons, yet I admire the true demons who can sacrifice anything for their obsession. Is your mother your obsession and clinging that you use to love life?"

Han Li looked at him with a bit of surprise.

"Monks should abstain from idle chatter," he calmly replied and pulled back his sword as a red mist started to rise from the ground. A second later, both the monk and the boy smiled as all of them vanished from the cavern and were pulled into another space.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156 - 156: Unexpectedly found destiny before the trials began
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is your name, Woman? You look gorgeous," A youthful male said, his face full of eagerness.

Yue Li looked at him with irritation and disgust. She was carrying Ruo like a baby. It had been about five minutes since she was transported into an infinitely expanding white space filled with trees everywhere, and her Xiao Li was nowhere to be found.

She was waiting for her son now but she was no longer worried; from the moment she was transferred here to this weird place with white soil and square white heavens, she was now inside a protective bubble of sorts, and no one could harm them now.

As far as she saw, the bubble was invincible!

The bubble even seemed to be able to tell enemies and friends as she and Ruo were together. But even though other people couldn't approach them too closely and her son had asked her to maintain a low profile, these youths seemed nonstop, one after the other, coming to her and attempting to get her address or flirt. This guy alone was the seventh, and he was the most annoying and persistent.

"Hey, tell me, fairy, what is your name?" the man asked, his voice filled with a romantic flair.

Yue Li had enough and snorted with irritation. "You snot-nosed brat, get lost! I already have a boyfriend!"

The man frowned. "How dare he! Who is this arrogant man who dares to covet what this young master from the great clan—"

His words were caught in his stomach as he felt a gaze. An aura. It was so vast, so unfathomably barbaric. His back started to sweat coldly while his teeth started to chatter. He trembled. An arm comfortably wrapped around his neck as if the protective bubble didn't exist at all.

"Continue," a calm voice said.

The youth mechanically shifted his gaze and saw scarlet pupils looking at him. His soul almost left his body at the sight, and his heart shivered. "Who, who are you?!"

The owner of the red eyes curiously wondered for a second before smiling. "Me? Have you not heard of my resounding reputation? Have you not heard of the majestic title, Red Eyed Han Li? How dare you slight this young master!"

The youth felt cold sweat bead down his back. A title?

Only powerful and mighty Power Borns had titles of their own. Evolved were not worthy of such names of adoration or fear.

'Don't tell me… did I kick the hornet's nest by flirting with the most beautiful woman I had seen in the entire white expanse? Damn me, she was just too beautiful, and I was too curious. And why is my protective bubble not working?' the youth sweated coldly.

Han Li's eyes turned even more curious as he chuckled. "What is a woman doing in the first place acting like a man? Not to mention trying to flirt with my mom at that."

The youth's eyes widened to the limit, and she turned to look at Han Li's face once more. This time, cold sweat trickled down her forehead. "What might you mean, mighty senior?"

Honestly speaking, she had no status nor big clans backing her. She was just a normal village woman acting as a male due to curiosity. No one could attack her anyway with the bubble in place. She just wanted to act like a young master. Uh, that was a bad idea.

She had walked all around and seen many people around here trying to attack the bubble, only to fail miserably. There was even a Power Born there who was injured badly in an attempt to do that, as his own attack was reflected back.

Han Li looked at the woman with even more curiosity. "You might fool other people with your facade, but woman, you can't fool me. I can smell maidens from a kilometer away!"

Yue Li came closer with a curious smile and gave Han Li a slight smack on the head.

"What are you, a dog, to smell maidens from that far?"

Han Li chuckled. His Life Vision was just too useful in such scenarios.

"Mom," he shifted the girl's face towards his mother. "Doesn't she look cute?"

Yue Li looked at her curiously. Now that she looked closely, there really was a feminine touch to the youth. She had short black hair and rosy jade cheeks, while on her head was dark hair, and her eyes were a particularly curious purple.

Even now that Han Li was basically showing her up like merchandise, she seemed more curious than actually afraid, even though she sweated a lot.

"Are you really a woman?" Yue Li asked, filled with curiosity.

Where was the woman's breasts?

"Eh…" the woman blushed. "Apparently, I am. Can you ask your son to move a bit away from me?"

Yue Li looked at her with sparkling eyes. "What happened to your boobs?"

The woman glared at Yue Li. "Of course, not every woman has to be so blessed like you!"

Yue Li chuckled, proud. That was a part of her that her son still adored.

"What a cute girl! Why did you act like a hooligan?"

"Cough," The girl coughed. "I was just curious and didn't think the bubble would fail so easily. Luckily, I was trapped with people as benevolent as you two who quickly let me go."

"Who let you go?" Han Li asked, smiling.

The girl tried to move away from him, and Han Li smiled as he said, "Your bubble is still working, you know? I really can't harm you."

The girl blinked, staying a while longer under his arm. "Oh, what might you mean?"

What a crafty little fox, Han Li chuckled. The girl wanted the information.

"It's the intent that you hold in your heart that matters. If you can channel your heart to feel no harm to the person you are going to interact with in any way, the bubble won't repulse you. As in, see my mom holding that girl; if she felt anything negative of any sort that could be harmful to the girl, she and the girl would be pushed apart."

The crafty girl's eyes lit up, and she moved away from Han Li with two steps. She looked at him with a laugh, "Okay then, benevolent brother, may I go now? My great clan members are waiting for me somewhere else. You see, I have something else to do."

Han Li looked at her, suddenly growing a bit bored. With a sigh, he went ahead and muttered, "I was wondering if I would get another disciple, but it seems not."

"Eh?" Yue Li was surprised. "You want to take her as a disciple, as in like me and Liyue?"

"Of course, she seemed like a good addition. My type of person, honestly."

The woman stopped in her tracks, her ears perking up. From a young age, she had grown up in a village with no one to teach her the ways of cultivation, and she had always wished to have someone to teach her. The four sects were too far from her village, and she knew of no one else in the world with a Spark similar to her own.

So, it was a very awkward situation for her.

Her foot walked back, and she stood studiously in front of her new master.

This person, who obviously seemed like a Power-born old man acting like a young man after eating some Magic Resource, could probably be her best bet at gaining a powerful master.

Han Li squinted at her curiously while Yue Li judged her from the side.

"Is she worthy of you? Liyue might be mad if you get entangled in others even before you guys…"

The girl's heart skipped a beat. Even though she felt there was something fishy and that she was jumping into it too headfast, the forest and the village had taught her one thing: when opportunities arrive, you have to catch them.

"My name is Wei Yuanfen! I am not a lesbian, and I do not love women. The earlier thing was just a joke on my part; please pardon me, Miss Mother!" she bowed.

Han Li smiled charmingly. "Does that mean you love men?"

Wei Yuanfen felt a clump in her throat, but taking a deep breath, she said, "I have never been in a relationship, but I am searching for someone worthy of marrying… I have a very peculiar Spark that would require me to cultivate with a man in my later years. But I have not yet found him."

Yue Li's eyebrows shot up. Her son, on the other hand, chuckled.

What else could it be other than destiny?

Liyue lacked a nice friend around her own age group anyway. She should understand.

[Wei Yuanfen] [Age: 21]

[Current Cultivation: 3rd Awakening, Love Spark]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Third Awakening, Love Spark]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Evolved, Love Dao]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 29, she died fighting a Beast who attacked her village.]

Han Li grew a bit wistful.

Love Dao. Another Dao under the Great Dao of Life like the Lust Dao. And since she was here, it also meant that she was a Sacred Talent Cultivator like himself.

"Wei Yuanfeng…" Han Li muttered. "What is your spark?"

She hesitated for a long while before saying, "Love Spark."

Han Li was calm, unlike her expectations. "You needed to love someone or something intensely for you to raise your cultivation talent, too, right? Since you already have Sacred Talent, who did you love so much?"

Yuanfeng sighed. She knew she couldn't keep anything if she wanted to be someone's disciple. Her cheerful face became downtrodden.

"I don't really like thinking about it as I like to keep myself cheery. My mother was a very kind person, but she passed away three years ago, and my goal is to one day revive her. Uh… I know it sounds ridiculous, but I want to try."

Han Li looked at her. He then looked at his mom, who was sympathetically looking at her.

"What do you wish by becoming my disciple?" he asked with a solemn tone.

The girl looked at him with a smile. She looked quite charming.

"I want you to teach me the basics. I am confident in myself to learn the rest by myself. And… I don't mind it if you try to make me fall in love either since one of my goals is to fall in love with someone…"

The man in front of her, Han Li, couldn't be too bad of a person since he had a mother with him. She still had suspicions about whether he was a Power Born or not, but even if he was not, she could still learn the basics. That was enough.

And he was quite handsome, even though he might be older than his appearance, she felt she might fall in love with someone like this. Then, her cultivation speed would soar!

Han Li looked at her and then at his mother. "Mom, what do you say?"

Yue Li blinked. "Seems like a good girl?"

Wei Yuanfei sighed in relief. "I shall bow nine times!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157 - 157: Thousands of Sacred Talents
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Walking through the white-mudded expanse filled with gigantic trees, Han Li and Yue Li were followed by a very springy Wei Yuanfen, who had officially kneeled nine times to him in order to become his official and first disciple.

The girl seemed to be very familiar with forests, and seeing Han Li leave a lot of tracks behind while walking on their way, warned him: "Master, when you are in forests, you should always remove every trail you leave behind. Even if you don't have any enemies…"

Han Li raised his eyebrows. "Why is that?"

Honestly, if the invincible bubble weren't protecting him, he would have removed such trails as he was very averse to leaving behind clues of himself. But such a young girl's perspective was always good. Maybe he could learn something?

"Donno why. My Mom used to tell me to do that," The girl replied, making Han Li sigh.

Yue Li was beside them, and she was carrying Little Ruo, who was still in her deep sleep. With a questioning gaze, she asked her son, "You told me the trials would begin here, but there is nothing going on… just another forest."

Her son shook his head. Now that she was focused on him, Yue Li could see that he had wrapped his sword in some clothing like a sheath and that it was hanging on his back while his face was, as usual, calm.

He spoke softly, but against the silent forest, it was enough to be heard. "The trials had already begun. By the way, let me tell you something that would make you proud."

Blinking to herself, she looked at him curiously.

"I saved a baby earlier. Put him in a safe place inside the protective bubble. He should be descending back to where he came from when the trial results arrive. If I didn't help him, he would've probably been snake food."

Yue Li smiled, feeling warm. "As long as there is a little spot of compassion in your heart, there is always a hope of redemption... The monk said so. He must be wiser than you, so don't just ignore his words."

Han Li laughed and looked up at the sky. It was a white squarish sky.

What good? What evil?

What redemption?

"The trials have already started, Mom. The current trial, for that matter, is getting to your teammates if you are planning a Teamwork Trial or getting yourself ready if you are entering a Solo Trial. So, what do you say? Do you want to play solo, or do you want me to play with you?"

"Of course I want you to play with me," Yue Li said. "And you did tell me it would be a piece of cake for us to win as long as we play teamwork if it weren't for Ruo… now I can just eat this fruit," she showed him the brown fruit that the Monk had given them. "And I will be able to put Ruo away."

Han Li nodded, muttering to himself. "True, teamwork is obviously much better for us. It will be easy to gain the rewards. Maybe we could even go further than anyone…"

In his original plans, he would be a Power Born, at the very least, by the time he arrives here. But now that the Heaven Rising incident happened quicker than usual, he could only sigh and do what he could with what he had.

If his plans had gone as they should have, he would be about as strong as anyone inside the Demon World, and he could lead his mother all around, dominating the place.

In that state, he was sure he could do much more than what he could now, so his actual goal of completing all 7 of the Trials was now impossible, in his current form, if he played the trials with his Mom as his Teammate, the first three trials would be generally easy but the next three would be harder than if he had played solo.

In his last lifetime, no one went past the 5th Trial. He himself had failed in the second trial, but he knew who had reached the 5th Trial, that was Monk Hen Shin himself, and after returning to the continent, he was called the strongest Power Born of the Era.

"But Master, then what about me?" Wei Yuanfen asked, raising her arms.

Han Li looked at her, even though she looked like a man at a glance. To him, her femininity was clear. Her arms were lithe, her lips too pink, her purple eyes seemingly a cauldron of curiosity, her face too fair.

There was a different charm to cute girls wearing male robes and acting like one. Especially if the cute girl had an issue with her own cleavage being too small.

But even now, he felt as if the girl was sizing him up.

She was somehow a literal wild catch.

"You?" Han Li chuckled. "You going solo is enough. You won't like the team trials; Mom and I could do it because we are very close people."

"What do we have to do in the Trials?" Wei Yuanfei asked with a curious tone.

Han Li sighed. "I don't know, since it is individualized, everyone has a different trial. But for couples, it should be easy to complete the first three trials if what I know is accurate."

Wei Yuanfen's eyes widened. "You guys are not a mother and son?"

Han Li smiled. "Of course, she is my mother. But who said we can't be a loving couple?"

Wei Yuanfen's footsteps slowed down. She hesitated for a second while thinking, 'Do people from big cities have a different culture? Eh… how peculiar. So does he have actual… Se.. Uh… That with his mother?'

She couldn't bring herself to ask it, and they walked forward in a contemplative silence. They saw many people, with interesting looks and attitudes, and many men looked at Yue Li as they passed by; she was a really beautiful woman, so it was natural. Just like that, Han Li also received some intriguing glances from women as he passed by them.

They were all young Sacred Talent Cultivators. Now that they were all safe and back in their comfort zone, their focus started to shift from benefit to romance, and seeing people like Han Li made them feel good about themselves a lot. It was natural.

They were part of such an incredible group of men and women, and compared to them, the people still stuck in Sacred Lust Continent were all just mobs. They were different. They had immense pride in themselves.

Passing by some of them, Han Li would briefly glance at them. There were many whom he knew, many of them who would be incredible cultivators years from now. If he wanted, he could try making a sect or something similar with just his knowledge of the future's extraordinary people who were just beggars now. Yet, Han Li didn't feel like it.

That was quite the waste of time since he himself could teach his woman to be more extraordinary than them. He instead thought about Trials.

The Trials were set by the Sacred Demon of Lust, after all, and as far as Han Li knew, that man was mesmerized by the emotion of lust, and in everything he did, there was a tinge of lustful touch to it. Even though, in the end, there would always be a grander goal hidden behind such intentions.

Of course, he was not too familiar with that person. He just had some hunches about him.

In his past life, the Second Trial was something he obviously had almost zero percentage chance of completing at that point in his life, so he wanted to do better than that.

In the past, his Trial One was for him to resist the seduction of 1000 illusory beauties, something impossible for youthful males, but as he was too depressed about his mom's death, that was easy; his thing wouldn't even rise even if he wanted to at that point.

Trial Two was the harder one for him. It required him to fall into lust entirely and completely lose his rationale, and then return with an intact mind. But of course, he couldn't fall into lust at all, and with cold eyes, he returned to the real world.

But he later came to know that people could enter as teams and that the more the teammates loved each other, the easier the first 3 Trials would be. So, his mother and him entering the trials should make it a piece of cake ready for them to take a bite.

He was a hundred percent sure he stood no chance against the Trials after the third one in his current state, but he didn't mind. His good brother Yang Wei was also working for him to get extra rewards. That was enough.

They walked through another part of the forest, and Han Li came to a pause.

In front of them was a city wall, at least ten times as big as Southern Lust City's wall. It was a dark monument that seemed to have stood the ages. In the bright white mud and surroundings, it seemed eerily special.

Han Li's eyes sparkled. Many people were entering the city from all around, and around three hundred meters surrounding the whole city, the forest parts and becomes a clearing. From all parts of it, like little ants, hundreds of thousands of people calmly walked into the great city.

Unrestrained laughter echoed out from the side as a young man walked by Han Li and said calmly, "As I expected, you didn't fight. You really have such a strong weakness, don't you?"

Han Li calmly looked at him. His gaze was deep.

"Yang Wei…" Han Li said calmly.

Yang Wei chuckled eerily, his pale eyes looking at the thousands of bright faces, all of great talent and upbringing, before he focused intently on Yue Li. Who looked back at him with discomfort.

"Your weakness, Han Li, such an obvious one!" With unrestrained laughter, Yang Wei didn't stop walking as he moved forward, soon mixing into the crowd as he vanished into the gates of the city.

Han Li calmly breathed out while both Yue Li and Wei Yuanfei sweated behind him, their hearts pounding inside their chest. They felt as if a blade of bone had gone through their necks as the man passed by.

Even Han Li himself had a solemn gaze.

"Heart Qi…" he thought to himself. And even though Yang Wei was much weaker than himself, he knew that if they were to fight a battle of Heart Qi somehow, he himself would lose horribly.

Han Li had a lot more powerful Heart Qi in quantity and quality, but Yang Wei was like a perfected swordsman, whereas he was just a young boy with a big sword that he couldn't even heft easily.

'The Spirit…' Han Li's cold eyes shimmered. 'I really want to see your memories.'

He had a feeling that The Spirit was important.

Then, he shook his head. We are in a battle of who grows stronger, not who grows faster. Yang Wei was already defeated when I read his memories; no need to be so agitated by his taunts.

"Come, let's enter... the City of the Sacred Demon," he said, taking his mother's hand while patting his disciple's back, breaking them out of their daze.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158 - 158: Crouching Tigers, Hidden Dragons
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and his gang walked into the city, just one among the thousands of faces. Even though their gang appeared rather extraordinary, even among the rest of them, at one glance, they appeared to be the weakest gang to take advantage of.

But sadly for the fine big brothers who were looking around for great sisters to lust after, everyone had a bubble protecting them. They could do nothing but watch as they went by them, and for unknown reasons, they couldn't even feel lust looking at the gang.

Every single person currently entering the city through the gateways spread across the Great Wall was an extraordinary talent, and the city was awash in a feeling of elitism and exclusivity.

All of them looked at each other with a sort of pride brimming in themselves. They were in the air!

And by now, many of them had learned where they were—inside the Empty Space of the legendary Sacred Demon!

Other than the few Power Born who were extremely experienced old monsters, the others couldn't help but have their noses go a bit higher. They would certainly look at people in the real world in a different way from now on, and many of them would find out that it was their downfall. As for Han Li himself?

He walked in through the gateway, his red pupils moving around as his Life Vision scanned the people he knew or didn't. Some of them interested him, while some made him curious. On the other hand, some even made him pause with a rather thoughtful frown.

As they finally entered the city through the crowd, they finally took deep breaths. The city was huge, and the buildings around were far greater in architecture than the seven continents. Huge temples stood here and there, their roofs all facing the heavens like spears, while ordinary apartment buildings made of mudstone stood tall all around.

Just at a glance, it was clear that they were all old and unused, but the newly entered people started to storm into the buildings in search of treasures. Han Li didn't bother with that since he knew there was nothing here that was magical in essence, just old furniture and such things.

Yue Li and Wei Yuanfen were still rather frightened after feeling Yang Wei's cold and calloused aura slicing through them, so they were still a bit pale, but Yue Li was relatively better compared to the latter.

She had a Heart of Cultivation and a rather solid outlook on life, after all, no matter how naive that might be. She could even be said to have seen deaths with her own eyes now, and she even had Han Li just beside her, so she wasn't too shaken.

Han Li's disciple, however, was extremely shaken, and her face was utterly pale. But nothing too deep as the bubble even protected her Heart from damage, or else, she would have had to go through the same thing Yue Li had in the past.

"Xiao Li," Yue Li called out, her voice soft but audible to her son. "We also saw that kid in the forest before we found Little Ruo, right? You smiled at him then; what's up with him?"

Han Li looked at his mom. With one hand, she was holding on to little Ruo, while with the other hand, she was holding on to his hand. The girl was small enough to allow that, and Yue Li herself was quite strong physically.

"His name is Yang Wei. If you had to say Monk Hen Shin is a good person, Yang Wei is the exact opposite. He wouldn't blink when killing infants, and he certainly wouldn't hesitate to break the moral code. He is a Demon through and through."

Yue Li took a deep breath. "Then why didn't you two fight if you were enemies?"

They did meet in the forest, where fighting and deciding their final winner was such a simple matter that they could decide then and there. Then why did he and Yang Wei just laugh at each other and run away in different directions?

Han Li laughed softly.

"Of course, he and I both knew we would fight soon enough, and the winner would be decided. But there are hundreds of other geniuses here: he wanted me to kill the others since he believed I was superior to most here; he wanted me to get as many benefits as I could.

"As for me? I wanted him to do the same so that when we fight, I can have everything that is his. That is why I told you you have to love such enemies; they are very predictable compared to the erratic revenge seekers and such."

A bit rattled, Yue Li walked behind him, biting her lip gently.

They were literally seeing each other as pigs for slaughter, making them as fat as possible before doing the deed. Her hold around her son's hand tightened.

Earlier, seeing all those extraordinary Evolved men and women, some who even tried to flirt with her, she always felt a bit contemptuous when comparing them to her own son. Her son was the best of them all, and he could defeat each of them in a battle if it came to it. Entering this world, he had only grown stronger.

She had sensed the Aura he released after he had his Heart Qi becoming stronger. It felt extremely overpowering. But now that she felt the icy killing intent in Yang Wei, she finally realized how strong his enemies were, too. She felt scared thinking about how her son would have to fight such people.

'I have to get something to trade so I can be helpful… so dangerous…'

She bit her lip gently.

Meanwhile, Wei Yuanfen grew calmer and listened from the side in awe and admiration. 'So this is how great figures of the cities are, how great. I also want to make enemies who acknowledge my strength and then laugh at them…'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159 - 159: Han Li's hate?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Suddenly, Han Li paused once more and entered an alleyway where there was no one, and when they came out of it, there was a person missing from their group. It was Little Ruo. Yue Li had eaten the Life Type Fruit—Kangaroo Space Fruit and put Little Ruo inside, and when they came out, she could easily notice her son's gaze had changed.

It was now colder. She even felt as if she saw an uncontrollable sense of hate briefly flicker beneath his gaze before he calmly walked forward. She looked at what he was looking at with that hateful gaze, and, just as she wanted to look clearly, she felt her hand being pulled by him and vanished into the crowd.

Yet, she still saw what he had seen, unclear as it was: A destitute man in tattered beggar robes, with a rough grey beard and dirty long hair tousled and falling to his sides. That man was lying against a wall, a bottle of alcohol in his hand, and he appeared extremely dirty.

Just looking at him would induce a sort of disgust, and he was lying on the ground without doing anything, just like a beggar. Among all the extraordinary men and women, he was a stark contrast. Only a rare few had such quirky appearance with so much strength in them.

Soon, their forms mixed into the crowd of people, and Han Li breathed out.

"Who was that, Xiao Li?" Yue Li asked.

Han Li looked at her for a second before he sighed.

"An enemy. Little Ruo's family's dog. Someone who was a major reason why the girl had to go through such suffering…" His mind was filled with an image now. The image of a lifeless Ruo hanging on a tree.

He could never erase that thought, and below her was a letter addressed to him—"Betrayed by the person I love, there is no longer a reason to live."

His heart would have struggled to calm down had he not had a heart as strong as his.

After his mother died in his past life, he was a man who had lost everything. He had no ambition, and he was far from being capable of acting cheerfully like Wei Yuanfen. He was depressed, heavily, heavily depressed.

But even at that point, he had Ruo, who was an extremely precious part of his life. She was his first wife. She was his everything at that point. His beacon of hope.

Yet, the whole Fang Family schemed against Little Ruo and him. They wanted her dead. She was a stain that if it came out, everything of their reputation made with decades of work would go down the drain.

If Han Li was not the slave of the Wisdom Seeking Villa with impressive war achievements, he could have been killed by them outright, but in his quest to climb the ranks in the sect to get a lifespan-improving resource for his mom, he had gained some significant backing.

But along with that, he had gained a great number of enemies.

That beggar-like man was one of these enemies.

He was not yet a person of the Fang Family, just a distant relative who had yet to have an impact on Ruo's life, but he would get a mission in the future: Kill the white-haired girl beside Han Li of the Wisdom Seeking Villa in a way that leaves behind no clues of your existence.

And he would do exactly that, stealing Han Li's Ruo from him in the most ruthless fashion.

He used an illusion of magic power on Ruo and brought her out of the sect using a person who had Han Li's appearance and then coldly told her to die before he came back. He coldly showed Ruo the one thing that she feared the most.

The opposite part of the Gu in her heart.

If the Fang Family crushed it, she could be easily killed. Yet, they didn't want to kill her like that since it would leave tracks for Han Li. So, the person in Han Li's form just threw the worm at Ruo and calmly told her to disappear and no longer be a burden to him.

That person used his means to thoroughly break the bond Han Li and Ruo had and Ruo, devastated, took the only path she knew forward—death.

Betrayed by her only reason for living, she had no reason to live. She was also heavily depressed after Yue Li's death, so she could only look on as a rope on her neck tightened. Even her normal thinking had been affected by magic powers.

The Fang Family really didn't want to make Han Li their enemies, but they didn't know he had the Life Sword; with a bit of Ruo's blood, he came to know everything that he wanted. That beggar was the person who killed Ruo.

The main reason he had chosen to put Ruo into the Empty Space now was because of familiar faces; from now on, they might see people from Ruo's homeland, and if someone recognized her, that would be troublesome.

But even if someone had seen her earlier, it was fine; no one would think Han Li had a Kangaroo Space Fruit in his hand, nor that he was planning to rescue her. Everyone would just ignore her as she was already safe in this place.

But people from her clan, like that beggar, who might or might not recognize Ruo, might ask him to hand her over. He had no fear of that person, but it was better not to let that guy see Ruo since that would immediately put him on the Fang Family's kill list.

Even though they were far from each other, that clan had a Power Born as their head, and Han Li, as he was now, didn't have any backing like the Han Li of the future. He would be killed within days, and they wouldn't hesitate to use the other part of Ruo's Heart Gu to kill her.

So, the fact that he had saved her for now was just ephemeral. To completely save her, he would have to fix her physical heart into a normal one, one that had no binding to the far-away Fang Clan. He knew exactly how to do that and Monk Hen Shin's appearance made it much easier.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160 - 160: Han Li's Enlightenment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The City of the Sacred Demon. What was so special about this place?

Han Li stood in the central part of the city, above one of the numerous buildings scattered across the city's kilometer-long existence. Looking towards the actual heart of it all, Han Li couldn't help but feel a slight sensation of awe.

There was a great Statue there, its size so vast he couldn't see its full form from where he was standing. Under the statue's legs, he knew the Sacred Demon himself wrote some words.

He had read that in his past life, it read: "A mere attempt at mimicking the greatness of the Sacreds, yet the one who sculpted this one was a great one, the most striking of all statues I had seen, yet only half my size."

A sudden breeze lifted his lustrous black hair, and his gaze moved up. The statue's head would have surely pierced the clouds had it been in the real world. Han Li's eyes shimmered. He couldn't even make out the face from where he was. It was way too vast.

"So, that was how the Sacred Demon of Lust looked?" His disciple said from the side, full of awe and wonder. "He would have destroyed cities by just walking past. Is that even stone?"

Han Li didn't reply. He was contemplative now. Such a great being, born at the primordial times of the whole Seven Continents, the embodiment of the Life Great Dao. Yet today?

He was nothing. Sacred Demon had long died. And what about his death?

It was no different from the death of an ant. Today, he might not be forgotten, but a time would arrive when even he would be forgotten. Then, his existence would have nothing differing from an ant that had died; both would just be ash.

Living for one day, for ten days, for one thousand days, for ten thousand days, or even for one hundred thousand days was the same. As long as they died, they would soon be the same as any. In due time, their marks in history would vanish.

Only eternal life, complete control of life and death, and only by breaking out of the grasp of death entirely would you be any different. Han Li suddenly said particularly to no one, "I don't want to be like the Sacred Demon… he is too weak."

Yue Li and his disciple looked at him with wide eyes from both of his sides.

"The Sacred Demon is weak…" Wei Yuanfen frowned, feeling that her chosen master really was a bit too arrogant. Yet, in the end, she also looked at the statue in the distance with her chin raised and chest straight.

Yue Li, on the other hand, couldn't help but feel his conviction. His goals were not one bit unserious; he was rock-willed at achieving them. Suddenly, from atop the skies, from atop the distant head of the statue, a slow ringing sound started to echo.

It was rhythmic, like the sound of an ancient bell.

Han Li said, "Mom, from now on, everyone connected in one bubble without any evil intentions against each other will be forced to enter together as a team to where the Trials will be held, that is, inside the Statue, which is in fact, a tower of sort in the shape of a statue."

Yue Li got close to him and held his hand while his disciple looked at him without knowing what to do. Han Li smiled at her, "My mother and I live in Southern Lust City; when you reach back to the continent, come there. Take the trials on your own and try to win as many good things as possible."

She scratched the side of her head. "Can't I just come with you guys? Seems complicated. And I haven't even heard of Southern Lust City before… It should be very far."

Her teacher smiled. "If you have no issue with having intercourse with me, you may follow us, but I don't think that would be a great choice for you."

Wei Yuanfen smiled awkwardly. "Yeah, I don't want to give my virginity to someone I don't love…"

Han Li shrugged. "Or you could lose the opportunity inside the trials and enter my Mother's Empty Space along with Ruo, but it would certainly be a waste of a great life-changing opportunity."

"…Would I have to fight in the trials?"

"Probably, but not sure; it's personalized, as I told you earlier."

Yue Li asked, a slightly teasing smile on her face, "Girl, why don't you just enter with us? Xiao Li is really gentle, you know? It even feels great. He has many tricks even I can't completely handle yet~"

Wei Yunfen was stunned.

Can such a beautiful woman's mouth speak such crass words?

Her face reddened, and she mumbled with a bit of aversion: "Shameless! City people are so shameless! How can you be… He is your son!"

Yue Li laughed, hugging her son's waist as he looked at her curiously and wrapped his hand around her waist. Han Li patted her cheeks while she looked at him intriguingly and purred, "It's exciting to do something that is not dangerous for once. What do I get for being a good mom?"

"What good mom? You ruined half my benefits on this trip; such a pity."

Yue Li looked at him, bemused. She muttered in his ear, "Only because I was with you could you trade for the things you wanted, so I deserve some appreciation. You can't really call me a bad mom after that, can you?"

Her son only planted a kiss on top of her head. His expression dismissive. Instead, he looked at Wei Yuanfen. "What did you decide?"

Wei Yuanfen made a sour face from the side but then decided to sigh.

"I really don't know what I want… I am just… uh, master, you should guide me. If you were me, what would you have done?"

Looking at the confused girl, Han Li pondered for a second and spoke about something else.

"On the way here, I paused when I saw many faces among the thousands in the crowd. Do you know why?"

"… I do not."

Because, of many of them, some had Sparks or Dao Souls that made him have second thoughts about many things.

In the Awakening Stage, people had a Spark; in the Evolution Stage, that Spark became a Minor Dao Soul, and in the Power Birth Stage, it becomes an Intermediate Dao Soul. And the path was predetermined at their birth, what Dao they followed: someone born with a Shit Spark was destined to walk the Dao of Shit.

And yes, Han Li had indeed known many such quirky sparks existed in the world long ago, but on his way, he saw many such sparks that made him think deeply. He had, in fact, even seen a woman on the way here who actually had a Lust Spark. If she was not an actual slut, he might have even been interested in her.

Even his own Lust Spark, which had grown to become a Minor Dao Soul of Lust, was nothing but one of the infinite Daos that others could be born with. The fact that the Sacred Demon had given it to him didn't mean it was solitarily his own, but this fact gave Han Li enlightenment that he had been missing.

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

These were all his talents now, and even if people chanted its words, they couldn't use them, even if they had a Lust Spark. So, what if he entirely absorbed all the Magic Powers in the Lust Dao and made the entire Lust Dao his own?

Then wouldn't those Sparks and Dao Souls be following 'his' Lust Dao?

So if they use Magic Powers, would they pay Dao Crystals to him instead of paying the heavenly consciousness to whom the Lust Dao previously belonged?

Can he even let them use it?

Just like the Heavens? The consciousness who replies to chants?

Wouldn't he literally be another Heaven, then?

After all, it was hearing the chants and taking its fee to lend its powers to normal humans. So, will he become the lender?

"On the way here, my disciple," Han Li said, "I paused, looking at them because I became curious. What if everyone here reached their full potential, their maximum potential, and then died? Was their lived then worthy of having been lived?"

"…Was it?" his disciple asked, her face frowning.

Han Li shook his head. "No, it wasn't worth it as their efforts would end up being vain anyway, but was it not worth it to them? That's up to them. Then I realized it is not that everything impermanent lacks meaning; it is just that it lacks meaning compared to the vastness of reality in itself.

"Even that giant, to it, we are ants, but who says there are no bigger giants that look at it like an ant?"

"Eh… That means?" Yue Li asked, seriously thinking. To no end.

"So, returning to the question, what would I have done in your shoes, little disciple," Han Li laughed. "I would enter the tower if I had a beautiful master of opposing sex who invited me. The world is so vast; who cares about your virginity? You might as well give it to me."

Wei Yuanfen was speechless.

Even Yue Li was speechless as she looked at her son.

A long while passed as the rings from high up reverberated louder and louder.

Biting her lips, Wei Yuanfen shook her head. "I don't want to lose it to someone I don't love, sorry, master. I just don't want to. Even though I do have interest in you, I do not feel love."

Han Li smiled. "So be it. The best you could do in the Trials is pass the first one in your condition, and if I were you, I wouldn't lose a teacher with experience over a random treasure that could be good or bad. If I were you, I'd enter my mother's Empty Space."

She hesitated a bit.

"Are you confident of your teachings?" she asked.

Han Li frowned. "That's up to you to decide, but the one disciple I am proud of, who is also my wife, could totally wipe the floor with you if that's enough, and she is in the same stage as you, yet less talented."

Wei Yuanfen bit her thumbs. She really felt interested in the trials…

Han Li then looked up, his mother's waist tightly held under his grasp as her filled boobs pressed against his chest. He suddenly carried her a bit into the air, and out of instinct, his mom wrapped her perky legs around his waist while wrapping her hand around his neck. She looked at him with stars in her eyes.

With a deep sigh, Wei Yuanfen asked, "Would I be forced to do anything I don't want once I am out of this bubble's protection and we arrive in the real world?"

Yue Li laughed. "You are underestimating my son's charms. And also, no, he won't force you."

"Can't he say that himself… for guarantee?" she asked.

"You look like a man. I barely feel interested in you..." Han Li said in irritation, "And you know what? My mom saying something is the same as me saying it."

His half-hearted disciple finally walked up to them, and Yue Li pointed at her. Usually, she didn't have the ability to bring anything into her Empty Space; only Evolved could do that, but as her red spark came out and her hair became red, a soul sense wrapped around the girl, and a second later, she vanished.

Yue Li looked at Han Li. He smiled at her. Some time passed, and the Trials would begin any second now.

"How is your Empty Space like right now?" he asked.

"The whole 5-meter area of the space inside is filled with a red mist, and in the middle, two people are lying beside my Spark, both unconscious after entering it."

Empty Space it was a very intriguing thing. It was a space filled with nothing like the universe was said to be before anything came into existence. Honestly speaking, even Han Li wasn't entirely aware of what it was; all he knew was that it was a space inside all humans from the day of their birth.

Yet, even if someone dissects a human body, they won't find anything inside, as if the Empty Space itself were in a different dimension altogether from the physical body. It was an enigma. He had to learn from Ruo and his disciple what it was like to be inside such a foreign place. He had never used the Kangaroo Space fruit in his past life.

He had to learn more of it. But not now.

For one last time, the ringing sound rang out again, and from his high vantage point, Han Li looked down at the roaming masses all across the city. Everyone was looking up at the sky, he looked up too. The Trials, it begins.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161 - 161: First Trial of the Seven Trials and its Reward
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sacred Lust Continent, Southern Lust City.

As the sun dipped under the horizon, the chicken in the backyard clucked around the feed that someone had thrown around. Beside it, Liyue stood, a long stick in her hand as she impassively trained in spear art. She was already a High Proficiency practitioner of the art.

Her movements were like a gentle bird, her hands an elegant display of fluidity. Sweat matted her forehead, her black hair floating behind her as she practiced different forms and ways of offense. Preciseness, quickness, reach. Strength and unpredictability.

Spear was all those things. For an Awakened, her Spear was nearly perfect. For an Awakened, she was far beyond the average; she was highly nurtured in the path of the spear. There was nothing in the world that any normal mortal could do that she couldn't do; she had ingrained all sorts of spear moves into her body.

Yet, she was not a Master. Only if she became a Master could her training as an Awakened be completed, only that was the remaining part of the Spear. Her movements slowly calmed down, and she slowly breathed out. That seemed far from her grasp; so far, it didn't seem achievable at all.

She could already do anything with the spear; what made her different from the Masters was that she didn't have Han Li to give her an answer.

Li Yao looked at her from the doorway to the kitchen while two other women stood to the side with awed expressions. One of them sighed. She couldn't believe it.

"Even extremely skilled cultivators would struggle to teach someone as young as you this well. You are such a talented girl," The woman said, her face full of suspicion. "It is not just High Proficiency. Your foundation is so utterly stable it is terrifyingly well-learned. To the point that even old people with years of experience would be horrified."

Composed, Liyue looked at the stick that was acting as her spear. Her mind was contemplative, her heart filled with questions.

It had been four days since her Brother Han left in the middle of their marriage; he had told her he would return in three days.

The city's turmoil had long since calmed down after that weird red mist enveloped everything, and she, her mother, and Hua Feilan had come out of hiding right after the red mist vanished. Everything returned to normal even though Han Li told them to stay in hiding till his return, which he had promised to be three days.

There was a simple reason for them coming out: it was Hua Feilan's friend.

She had a lot of women as friends on the continent, and many had grown concerned for her due to the weird things happening around her location. One of them, a Power Born, who had planted a tracking method on her, came to her rescue in that hidden cave with worry, only to realize that she was just hiding and completing a sort of mercenary mission.

That Power Born woman, named Hua Yu, then decided to stay with Hua Feilan till the mission was over, but Hua Feilan hadn't walked away and decided to stay with Liyue and Li Yao till Han Li returned or some kind of news about him did. Due to the recent chaos, no new marriages were being held anyway, so she had time.

It was also rare that she got to be with Hua Yu, her friend. So, she decided to take a vacation, and she was living with Liyue and Li Yao for now. With a Power Born, they didn't have to fear anything like an attack anymore, and the Starlight Head, Li Xingguang, was only happy to let another ally, Power Born, stay in his Zone.

Hua Feilan really lived up to her name as the Friend of All Women! She even had Power Born friends who were constantly worried about her. He didn't want to slight this bomb at all! He even put his suspicions regarding Han Li and Li Yao's recovery aside.

But sadly, Hua Yu declined to participate in any conflicts of the clan, and other Power Borns were not fools to disturb her as long as she showed who she was. Power was the best iron fortress.

"Where are you… Brother Han?" Liyue muttered, her face filled with a frown.

She didn't believe something happened to him like Hua Feilan often said; she believed he was safe, but her heart couldn't help but be worried, had her brother actually… That frightened her, and her spear faltered slightly.

"Don't worry," Li Yao said from the side, a wine in her hand which she didn't sip. "Han Li is a clever person. I don't think something happened to him, and Hua Yu did say that she found no more battle marks or bodies anywhere. He must be safe. In fact, my guess would be, he is one of those people who had been 'Flown to the Heavens' as people called it."

They always knew he was talented, and they did consider his talent cream of the crop, but what about Yue Li? She was nothing special, just a simple mother like Li Yao herself. What happened to her? There was no way she was also risen to the heavens as the news told only the most talented rose like that.

Li Yao was not jealous or envious; she was just worried and realistic. She couldn't understand that, just like her daughter couldn't. Where was that woman if Han Li rose?

Did he even rise?

Hua Yu asked calmly from the side, towards her friend. "Feilan, according to the news I got, only Sacred Talents rise to the Heavens; I trust your judgment; did he seem like he was so extraordinary?"

Hua Feilan shook her head but hesitated. "He did look quite special, but more or less, he appeared normal, or he might have done that on purpose." Reaching here, she stopped. She had a Heart Qi Binding on her, after all. She couldn't talk too much about that person.

Liyue sighed and began training again.

***

Sacred Lust Demon World, City of the Sacred Demon, inside the Statue.

Han Li and Yue Li were hand in hand.

They were currently inside a stone room, extremely vast and filled with humanoid statues everywhere. Han Li jested, "We are inside a statue looking at statues."

It had been only seconds since they arrived here; the ringing sound had vanished, and they were flown into the statue just as they had risen from the ground into the Demon World. And then they melded into the statues.

Han Li licked his lips as he looked at the humanoid statues around. And then he looked towards a door in the outside leading outside the stone room they were in; outside was pure darkness, but he knew that darkness would vanish and another room would appear there as long as he passed this round.

And on the ceiling of the room, there was clearly written everything someone needed to know about the Trials.

"[There are Seven Rooms of Trials in total. Each room would have a different trial catered to the cultivator's dao. There would be 2 Trials testing the Heart, 2 Trials testing the body, 2 Trials testing the Ethereal Magic Powers, and one unique Trial. Welcome to the first of the two Trials of Heart.]"

Yue Li read the words curiously and couldn't help but click her tongue. "Even thinking of how this must have all been set up gives me a headache."

"Oh? This is built in a way that it reacts to our Spark and Dao Soul and throws us to a specific set of Trials among the millions of sets that are inside the Statue. Even I have no idea how it works when there is no sentient being running it…"

No intelligent being could survive as long as the Trials already had. The Sacreds had vanished tens of thousands of years ago to the point where a history of them was not really available anymore. They were ancient.

"Artificial Intelligence, maybe something similar?" Yue Li asked, curious. "When I died on Earth, the world was just beginning to create it, but this really does seem like it. I don't know for sure, though, since I never bothered with something so head-blowing, even looking at those new inventions used to make me creeped out."

Han Li's pupils grew sharp.

Hmm…

Something was also understanding their intent and protecting everything in a bubble. This could only be such a thing.

"Very curious. You never told me such a thing existed," He said, filled with interest as he scanned the humanoid puppets around. What was this trial actually about?

His Mother sighed. "Even I never saw much of it. I died; a truck hit me, as I already told you. This is why I have always been telling you to absorb Mom's memories. All those Main characters used to do so much with the memories of Earth; I am too dumb; I just can't make use of any. Maybe you might find something interesting in them?"

Han Li nodded, and his hand tightened slightly around his mom's plump hand. She looked at him, but just as she opened her mouth abruptly, a red flame lit up in the middle of the room and floated there silently.

Alongside that, new words appeared on the ceiling. It was already there before, but it seemed to have been set up so that it could only be read in the presence of the red flame.

[Reward upon completing the Trial: 3000 pure Minor Dao Crystals that could be used by any Dao Soul]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162 - 162: A phase
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Trial Reward: 3000 pure Minor Dao Crystals that could be used by any Dao Soul].

Han Li frowned at the sight but then chuckled.

"Mom, this is quite a nice Reward!"

Even though he would have gotten this by himself after cultivating for just a year or so, it was still quite a decent reward. Especially considering that completing one more of the seven Transformations would only require him to have one thousand Dao Crystals. He could use the rest of his time and effort to completely make all of the Magic Powers in the Lust Dao into his Talents.

Leaning on him, his Mom looked at the scarlet globe of fire floating in the air with curiosity; they were safe now; after all, she had nothing to worry about anymore. From now on, it was her and her son's fun tour and simple games. Just that she also didn't want to lose free things.

"I see, but what is the trial about? Do we need to have sex or something to win?" She asked. It was the Lust Demon, after all; it couldn't be anything good. Her son shrugged and walked closer to the fire. She clung to his arm and followed.

Reaching the fire, Han Li shook his arm away from hers and, as the red light cast his face in its hue, gently touched it. His mother wasn't worried since she knew his skin was like hard leather, even to fire, but was still a bit startled. Yet, his hand simply passed through the flame as if it were an illusion, and then he took it back.

His expression was different now, a deep frown was there.

"This fire is a Magic Power," he explained. "Just that its activation is delayed till this very moment and it only activated now, sort of like a trap set to activate when someone stepped on it."

In his past life, it was an Illusion Magic Power of thousands of lustful and erotic women that he had triggered in his first trial. He just had to last till it vanished to gain the first Trial's reward, which was a Magic Resource.

"What Magic Power?" Yue Li asked, curious as she stretched her hand towards the fire in an attempt to touch it. Yet, her son slapped her hand away. She looked at him with a wronged gaze.

"The Magic Power I don't know, I am not as good as the Sacred Demon yet. But I can understand its effect. It makes the whole body painful, extremely painful to the point it is almost near the level of pain Ruo must have experienced when her spine was forcefully replaced."

"That painful?" Yue Li swallowed. "Does touching it give you that pain?"

"Yes, I just experienced that pain shortly. If you touch it, you will feel it too, but you don't have to do something so idiotic," He calmly pulled her behind him while thinking to himself: 'No wonder it was rumored that it would be easier to pass the first trials with a partner. This test of the heart really would be a piece of cake if two people shared the pain.'

They just had to endure that pain till the 'firewood' that must have been used for the fire ran out. Han Li calmly ordered, "I have Heart Qi to help me maintain my mindset. Pain can't actually affect me much. Stay behind me, and don't do something stupid while I endure it."

She shook her head. "No, I also want to try it. It's not dangerous anyway!"

Han Li stretched one of his hands into the fire, and pain started to inundate his senses. It was similar to having blades skin you, needles pierce, and the spine getting chewed inside out while organs are spilling. He knew it because he had experienced all of that before. His hand soon got stuck inside the fire. It was either endure till the end or fail.

Feeling his vision grow blurry in pain, he calmly said, "If I need you to do something, I'll tell you. How can I call myself filial if I let you take on such pain when it is nothing to me?"

Yue Li felt his free hand clamp onto her wrists like iron pliers. She couldn't move an inch of her arm. She didn't really know how painful it was, but she could guess it must be quite painful. Her face grew immensely complicated.

A second later, she said, "I am a mother, Xiao Li. Far more than I am your woman, I am your Mother. I am not some maiden who always wants to be protected from harm's way; maybe your other women might want to be, but not me; I don't want that. I don't want you to prove to me your heroism for me to love you, and I am a woman who knows the pain of pregnancy; do not underestimate me."

Han Li didn't bother with her and focused on the pain. It was becoming too much not to relieve himself with a slight groan, but he held back; he wanted to improve his limits of tolerance to pain. It felt as if insects were roaming in his brain now. But he could feel that the flame was thinning slightly.

"Yes, I agree you look handsome, and I agree I am not the optimal mom," Yue Li grew urgent. "But if you don't let me experience even such harmless pain, what am I worth? Always a flower for my son to guard? Please, Xiao Li, I even died once; I know pain more than you do…"

Smiling, Han Li asked, his gaze shaking, face pale, but his figure upright. "Do you really want to feel it? It would leave behind a very realistic feel for weeks to come. It will hurt. And I might not soothe you for it since it is your choice. I might even have sex with you when it is obviously painful for you."

Yue Li nodded. Filled with conviction. Who was the brat trying to bluff away?

"I want to feel the pain. I don't want you to take everything alone, at least not anything I can help in…"

Her son let her hand go, and she was free. Moving in front of him, she leaned her back against his chest and, closing her eyes, moved her hand for the painful fire. She didn't hesitate.

Her hand was stuck in between it, and the pain arrived. Cold; she felt cold. Darkness inundated her senses, but with a painful growl, she endured for some seconds, and just right after, the fire was extinguished; it had used up whatever was the fuel.

She breathed heavily, her whole body cold and damp with sweat. Shaking all over, she glanced at her son, who was looking at her with a clear and admiring gaze.

"Seven seconds, not many people can last as much as that without losing consciousness. Beautiful job. Want a kiss for an extra reward?" He asked, and taking her in a princess carry, when she was obviously too tired even to speak, he kissed her.

The kiss felt painful. So very painful.

Uh bastard, don't kiss me now…

She thought so until a warm source of stamina started to enter her. It was like a fountain as it completely and thoroughly washed away her migraine. With his organs completely refined to become akin to the Sacred Demon, he had an extreme amount of stamina that he had yet to have a proper use for.

Her head suddenly cleared; she looked at him and returned the kiss; her body still felt sore, but not too much. She still had the phantom feeling of pain, but the kiss calmed her down.

"Regret the choice?" He asked, teasing.

Breathing heavily on his face, she shook her head. "I would have regretted otherwise. Not too bad, but not half as good as you… You took how many seconds of that pain?"

"It lasted a minute in total; you took seven seconds, and I took the rest."

She nodded, a slightly awed expression on her face. "Yet you didn't even make a sound; I can't believe it; I am in awe."

"Fell in love all over again?" Han Li laughed.

She shook her head. She really might have fallen in love again and in a new way.

Usually, even though she loved him to an extreme level, she had never felt that to be a romantic interest; of course, even during their times having sex, she had seen it as her son and herself indulging in each other's familial love for each other.

Even though she knew he saw her as half his wife and half a mother, deep down, she had always seen him as her son and son alone. Of course, she had no doubt about what they were doing and how her son saw her in a romantic way. She knew it clearly. She felt proud of that.

Of course, she wouldn't go as far as to say she had never felt attracted to his looks in a romantic way; she adored it very much, yet she saw that as a privilege of being his mother. Her love was just the more extreme way of maternal love than actual romantic love, in her own humble opinion. For a mother, at least for herself, whatever her son did was fine.

His adoring her in that way was one of her life's greatest blessings.

But this new feeling she suddenly felt was another kind of feeling that she had never felt before; it was not the usual intimacy she felt for him. This made her slightly giddy when in his embrace. Like a girl startled by her crush.

For the first time, she didn't know why so suddenly, but she felt a burgeoning admiration for him that was distinct from her maternal instincts for him. It was hard to stop feeling this. She felt that he was great.

He was such a great thing!

But at the same time that this feeling arose, she also felt a slight detachment from her son and herself. He was drifting apart from her understanding. She cupped his cheeks, her hands warm.

"Xiao Li, I will surpass you one day and make you say I am great."

Han Li was a bit startled at the suddenness. Did her mind get a shock?

"What again?" he asked with a chuckle.

"You are quite good, so great. In fact, Momma is awed. Son. Now let's go to the next floor," She blushed as she said that, feeling a sort of shame in admitting it.

Why? She wondered.

Hadn't she always been honest with him?

What was now to feel ashamed of?

Han Li smiled. "You really seem to have fallen all over again, and this time, in a quagmire full of confusing love for your own son that you can't even believe the level of obsessive feelings you feel. Don't worry, I know how it feels."

She took a deep breath and couldn't help but sense that feeling of extreme love rising again.

Smiling, Han Li looked at the doorway. it had shifted from the earlier darkness to another room, and inside it was a small sack. He knew it must contain his reward from the first Trial. "Mom, you look hot now. I almost want to fool around, but we probably might get a chance to do that and earn something, so let's go to the next trials."

Yue Li felt the immense sensation of satisfaction wash over her at his words praising her and couldn't help but click her tongue. "Damn you, son," she lamented honestly, "your charm is too deadly; my mind seems to have been corrupted with you… I can't think of anything else other than you."

Han Li couldn't help but feel proud. "You will get used to it, and it will return to normal soon. It's a phase."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163 - 163: Bed of red flowers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Looking at the room for a last time and seeing nothing special here, Han Li walked through the doorway on the side to another room. This was where the second trial would be held. His mother was carried in a princess hold, her small butt, soft like marshmallows, gently held in his hand as he walked in, fondling covertly.

"You just inserted a thumb into my crotch area. That was deliberate, right?" She asked seductively, but he only smiled and looked around the second room. This room was different. There were no statues. Instead, It was full of flowers everywhere.

There was a beautiful smell that wafted into noses upon entry, and in the middle of it all was a huge bed made of red flowers.

Ignoring such things, Han Li walked forward towards a sack placed on the ground and looked into it. It had 3000 Minor Dao Crystals of a neutral nature. Transparent little gems sparkling like diamonds. If a Lust Dao cultivator used it, it would turn into Lust Dao products, and if another Dao cultivator used it, it would become that Dao.

He could not help but be awed by the resources that were here in the Trials.

Even this was really a heaven-defying treasure in one sense.

If an Awakened used it, they would have Minor Dao Crystals at the stage of Awakening when it was only possible for Evolved to have it.

That also meant that if he used some of it on his mom, she could train her physique using techniques just like himself and get her body strength to be superior to her cultivation. That was why this place was thought to be heaven-defying.

As she didn't have an overbearing technique like his own, the best he could get her body to for her would be [Evolved Below Average Transformation] level physique, but with her Knife not reaching mastery yet, she wouldn't be able to cope with such strength. Yet, this was certainly a boon for her. Even Liyue, if used well.

It could help them change their future. In the Awakening Stage, they can fight Evolved with their body strength alone!

They would be especially deadly at close range for Ethereal Types.

Counting and putting the crystals into his Empty Space, he now had a total of [3121 Dao Crystals] in total in there, just enough for another transformation and a bit more. He couldn't help but be eager, but he knew it was impossible to do now.

For one, upon the initial process of every transformation, he would become unconscious for a while. The second was he needed to have the [Demonic Lust Sutra] book in his hand to do it, but it was currently hidden at home. So, for now, it was just future strength, not already reaped benefits.

He curiously looked up at the ceiling. Immediately after reading it, his face changed.

[Trial 2 reward: The Recipe for the Devil Fruit]

Han Li's breathing couldn't help but quicken. Devil Fruit!

Magic Resources were wonderful things, especially Magic Resources of Life Nature. They had all sorts of uses that could only be called miraculous. But Magic Resources were useless to people above the Stage of Power Birth.

After they surpassed Power Birth level and Transcend, Magic Resources can't work on them no matter how good a resource might be. It will lose its effect. It will become a normal food for them.

But they can use many mixtures of Magical Resources together to create a resource that can work for them, and that is the art of "Magical cooking," often called "Resource Alchemy."

That was the next level of Magic Resources that Transcendants would fight for, even though that was a bit far-fetched for the current Han Li, he knew what they were and he had his plans for them.

These resources were one of the main reasons the difference between Transformation and Ethereal blurred after the Transcendant Stage.

If he had a recipe, he could cook, and since his organs were those of the Sacred Demon foundation, he could digest them even if they were beyond his weight class. He could blur his limits with these Transcendent Resources, too, but for now, since the normal ones worked on him, that was unnecessary.

Still, some of them totally dwarfed normal resources in their abilities.

Normal people would struggle to find the proper materials for the entire recipe, especially rarely available resources, but with his mom, that was easy for him. He could trade.

[Demonic Lust Sutra] did have many of these Transcendent Magic Resource Recipes, and since his organs were already trained, he did plan to cook some of them after returning, but having another recipe was always good, especially the infamous recipe for the Devil Fruit that was said to give a man who consumes it the ability to morph his body in any shape or form he wants.

It could help him change appearances!

That was perfect for deception.

He then looked for the condition to pass this trial and couldn't help but smile.

Han Li knew that the flowers were a unique variant of plant species. They were not really Magical Resources, but whenever someone has an extreme amount of sexual arousal and then a similarly extreme amount of satisfaction after that, the flowers would bloom and become extremely tasty fruits. These fruits were tasty beyond belief!

'So, only if I trigger the birth of this fruit will I be able to trigger the opening to the next room?' he guessed. As expected, the first two Trials were easy with a companion.

Then, he looked at his mother in his hold, who was looking at his contemplative face, lost in her own thoughts with a tinge of frustration on her face.

Why was she admiring her own son?

So weird, she felt.

'Time to make you feel satisfied,' he smiled at her and sighed as he walked towards the bed made of flowers. He knew this unique variant of flowers was an artificial creation of a Magical Cook in the past; that guy must have been quite romantic to think of such a thing. He could use it for himself.

Yue Li looked back at him, having already guessed where this was going by the sight of the bed that seemed to have been made of flowers and magic.

She smiled at the feeling of his thumb gently rubbing her vagina, wrapping her hands around his neck. He gently placed her on the bed. There seems to be a sort of mattress underneath and her look turned coquettish and seductive, a blush coated her cheek…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164 - 164: Bedding his mother on a flower bed (R18)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There seemed to be a sort of mattress underneath, and her look turned coquettish and seductive; a blush coated her cheek. After putting her own bed, Han Li calmly unentangled himself from her hand and looked down at her, his face filled with complex emotions.

It was a red bed full of flowers and on top of it was his Mother. She laid there, her face a fair tan, her brownish black eyes filled with seductive intent and her cheeks flushed and hands open. Her black hair was spread across the mattress, and her tattered, servant-looking robe was slightly damp from sweat.

With one leg, graceful as an enchantress, languidly perched over the bed's edge, she seemed to await the arrival of him—the other half to her whispered yearnings. Waiting for him to enter her spread thighs before she could close it around his waist.

With a smile on his face, full of adoration for this naive woman, Han Li got rid of his clothes, put aside his blade, cast away his masks and plans, and, naked as the day he had been born, looked at her comely face. She leaned on one of her hands while looking at him curiously.

The well-sculpted physique of her son was so beautifully evoking in this place that her heart thumped slightly. His half-limp manhood stood there in all its glory.

She remarked with a light laugh, "Feels like home."

Smiling, Han Li got into her inviting legs and started undoing her robes. She shifted to make it easier, and soon, another pile of robes joined her son's abandoned clothes.

Now, she was naked, her two globes standing proudly on her chest, two pink nipples looking at him, fully erect. He couldn't help but be enchanted.

She wrapped her hand around his neck and brought him closer to her face. Their foreheads pressed gently against each other, and they shared a warm kiss.

"I want to do it, Son. Today only, please, for me," She said, gently wrapping her hand around her son's cock. It felt warm. He kissed her forehead and, with a sigh, shifted his position. Both of their heads were now nestled between each other's thighs, her lips grazing his skin in a teasing dance already.

A bit frustrated, he looked at his mother's inner thighs, her vagina. She had grown a bit of pubic hair there again. He leaned his face in and, using his tongue gently, began to lick around her pussy. Her sweet nectar was already leaking, and she gently tightened her thighs around his head.

At the same time, her delicate hand reached out, gently grasping his throbbing cock. Her touch was firm yet tender, a balance of confidence and motherly care.

Her hand was skilled in giving her son pleasure. Her fingers danced along his shaft, applying just the right amount of pressure. With each stroke, she could feel him growing harder, responding to her touch with an undeniable eagerness.

She expertly varied her movements between long, languid strokes and shorter, quicker motions, making Han Li pause in licking her cunt and breathe heavily into it.

Her hand glided smoothly, glazing his length with a teasing touch. She explored every contour, every ridge as if committing his every detail to memory. Then, she traced the length gently with her tongue at first and felt him tremble at her touch.

He was as weak as ever to her when she used her mouth; his cock became the hardest it had ever been and stronger than ever. It hit her nose, and along with it came a muscular scent, and with a smile, she gently guided it into her mouth and began sucking.

Feeling all his nerves grow taut with forbidden pleasure, Han Li focused his attention on his mother's vagina and began to penetrate it with two of his fingers. She twitched but didn't react as his finger moved inside her, arousing her for a while along with her motion on his shaft. Then, he stopped that and penetrated her pussy with his tongue.

He entered as deep as his tongue could go and wiggled inside her while her thighs completely surrounded his head, her own arousal reaching a peak. She bit the tip of his cock and played around with that part until suddenly, it shook gently, she knew he would move, but she quickly put half of it into her mouth while tightly holding it.

His warm jizz exploded into her mouth, and it tasted better than ever. His face flushed, and he began to finger and lick her pussy at the same time, touching all her sensitive spots with irritation as she squirmed in pleasure.

It didn't take long for her waist to shake, and his mother's nectars exploded, which as if in revenge, he completely devoured. He even licked away the leftovers before changing his position into a missionary one.

Filled with a bit of shame, he looked at his mother, who looked back at him, her lips stained by obscene liquid but with a smile of victory, too.

He took her thighs and spread them apart before rubbing his still-hard cock on her slit, making it slick. Yet, he didn't enter and instead looked at her with a piercing stare.

His mother looked back at him, a seductive and helpless look in her gaze. His cock jutted forward as he took hold of her legs, flipping her onto her belly. She was impatient, he realized. She was trying to entice him into hurrying by getting on all fours and pushing back against him.

His hands roamed over her ass, massaging, squeezing each cheek. Looking at her rosy asshole, cute and inviting, he said, "I don't like what you did just there, but I won't talk about it now. It's been a while since I entered your backside…"

And it looked as beautiful as day one.

She hummed, filled with yearning. He briefly rimmed it with his tongue and, with a kiss, parted. Then, he inserted a finger into the hole and spread her own nectars into it, making it slimy. She wiggled her ass to make it easier and quicker.

And finally, her son's dick, already wet with her juices after being nestled between her thighs and slit, slid into her from behind.

Anghnnn~

Xiao Li, more!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165 - 165: Spanking Mom (R 18)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He pushed back and forth for a second before pausing to look at her flushed and panting face, full of lust and love. He stared.

For a long second, both Yue Li and her son stopped moving.

He looked at her back, which was now rather sweaty, her plump ass clearly spread apart to let his dick into her asshole. Inside, she tightly wrapped around his cock, completely trapping him. Had he not lubricated, he would have been stuck.

He wrapped his hands around her chest area and cupped her boobs, his thumbs running over her pebbled nipples before he leaned down and began nibbling on her nape. She breathed heavily, wondering when he would move his waist again.

"Look at me," he bit her pearl-like ears and nibbled on them. His hands fondled. She turned her head slightly, and his lips found hers; his tongue soon followed into her mouth, and a quick domination later, she was up to his mercy.

"Son, move already, I can't with you…" Yue Li said, her voice faint. "Don't tease Mom so much."

Her hair was disheveled, her face flushed.

Yue Li puckered her lips, wanting more. He moved and kissed her again while his waist also began moving, his cock gently entering deeper into her ass.

Slap!

He spanked her butt and said, "For not doing your best at everything."

An~ She moaned. "I… I…"

He spanked her once more, making her ass turn red while moving his waist back and forth. She followed his familiar rhythm and moved her ass together.

Slap!

This time, he spanked his mom's other ass cheeks. She moaned with a painful sound, "Xiao Li, I still feel the pain from earlier fire… gentle, Mom can't handle this!"

Han Li snorted and moved faster, his dick blasting into her faster and faster as her pussy got wetter and wetter underneath. For a long while, they just moved back and forth in that vanilla form; he squeezed her buttcheeks tightly.

She closed her eyes tightly and moaned blissfully as her dam broke and vaginal nectar exploded all over the flower bed while into her ass exploded her son's seeds. She breathed heavily and felt her energy sap down, but from the dick inside her ass, a warm flow of energy came in, and her tiredness vanished entirely.

She once again moved her butt on her own, raising her son's cock, and mumbled, "You can be rough if you want to; I didn't mean what I said entirely. It's a unique type of pleasure anyway and an unforgettable experience."

He smiled and spanked her butt. A slapping sound echoed, followed by her ass jiggling, and she moaned in pleasure and pain. Her hands tightened around the flower petals, but her son pulled out and flipped her onto her back. She faced him.

He got into the missionary position and looked into her eyes with desire. Face red, her erotic body sweaty, she looked back at him with an inviting hand; she wrapped it around his neck and pulled him towards her face.

His thing poked into her vagina and gently squeezed in, she sighed in what seemed like accumulated stress relief, and he nestled his face into her nape, biting on them gently. His hands squeezed her nipples. She also bit his nape gently, making him leave more and more hickeys on her while she struggled in vain.

At the same time, his dick kept moving.

"You can move strongly, like always," she suggested, and his pace involuntarily quickened and strengthened. Soon enough, powerful sounds of flesh slapping flesh and moans of a woman struggling with each breath to hold on reverberated across the whole room.

They went at it nonstop. When Yue Li finally felt she had had enough and her body was tired, another doze of stamina would enter her, and he would flip her and move onto her other hole.

They wanted to do wilder things. Yue Li's thoughts were filled with kinky thoughts. She wanted to try more things with him. But, she frowned slightly after their 5th round, fully exhausted mentally and physically, yet her son didn't seem to stop at all and just continued going at it.

With another dose of stamina, she wrapped her hand around his face and brought it closer. Looking at him, she asked, "What's the matter baby?"

"We need a bit more for the flowers to bloom. Not yet, one more round, they are about bloomed."

She looked around at the flowers and saw they were indeed blooming into a sort of red little berries. Sighing with a smile, she laid back and stretched her legs wide, her vagina already dripping with his juices.

Who was she kidding?

She would never waste a chance to have sex with her son. 'Just fuck me as wildly and as much as you want.

Uh… And he told me he didn't want to make me addicted… lies and lies, full of lies but sweet lies. Yue Li was a submissive woman to her son in her core. She would never be able to say no to his requests easily.

Yet, when it came to his mother, Han Li himself was also submissive.

With a sigh, he once again penetrated her vagina and began to thrust.

This time, they were just looking into each other's eyes, filled with admiration for each other. Just like that, about an hour later, Han Li released his jizz into his mother's pussy once more, and he pulled out his dick; it was still hard, but he didn't mind. Her satisfied and relieved moan and chuckle made him kiss her puffed cheeks.

His stamina had become too monstrous, and he could go on for a lot longer, but his mom was just a poor soul; she couldn't handle that level of his desire. Yet.

She was thoroughly satisfied. In fact, she was drained.

He pushed another dose of his stamina into her, but her mind was still exhausted, and she didn't feel like moving one bit. He pinched her nose, not letting her sleep.

"You can't fall asleep. This is not a place we can come to again.We have more trials, I want to win one more at least."

Yue Li grimaced. "Xiao Li, can I sleep on your back all throughout the process? Pretty please."

"No. Absolutely no. Here, eat this Honey Candy I made. It can remove fatigue." Something horribly sweet was pushed into her mouth, and her wonderful fatigue, after wild sex, which would have let her sleep blissfully, was soon gone.

She groaned. "I hate you so much. Fuck you; I won't have sex with you anymore, even if you begged for it. Unfilial bastard. Motherfucker. Stingy son!"

Han Li smiled and looked around. The whole room was filled with red berries. One of the tastiest things he knew of. Li Yao would love wine made of this.

And on the other side was a door leading to the next trial.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166 - 166: Post-nut philosophy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dressed up, her hair ruffled slightly but still fixed as much as she could, her vagina still half filled with her son's cum due to having nothing much to clean herself with, Yue Li walked alongside Han Li, an expression akin to a sunbathed buddha on her face. They were collecting the fruits around the room.

Since Yue Li had the temporary ability to store people in her Empty Space, she could now also put things alongside them, and she was putting the thumb-sized berries into her Empty Space with a curious face.

She had calmed down from the earlier little outburst of anger at him for not letting her sleep—and removing her blissful fatigue after sex with magical resources so that she could participate in more trials—and now here she was, filled with a sort of enlightened calm.

She felt a bit filthy with the liquids still inside her, but her son seemed to have a weird interest in her butt's movement as she walked with a bit of a limp.

She had never had such intense sex; they had done it for six rounds; it was extremely intense to boot, one more powerful than the other. So, she had a bit of trouble walking even though the fatigue removing Magical Resource made her fine overall. It was mostly just a sort of discomfort she was feeling.

Suddenly, she asked, her tone doubtful, "Xiao Li, one doubt. I am your mother, right?"

"Of course. For better or worse."

"But you are, for one thing, working me in a toil in the bed," she said, "then working me to the bone in training. Then you are training my mind till I am exhausted through your philosophies, too. Aren't our roles shifted?"

"…"

He looked at her, not understanding.

"I mean. It is like you are my parent and not the other way, and that's not good."

"What are you trying to say?"

"I am wondering, you see…" she said, "if you make a name everywhere one day. Becoming the talk of the world, what would I be called? Han Li's woman? Or Han Li's wife? I don't want both of those to be the ways they call me. I'd feel slighted."

He looked at the third Trial room and looked at his mom with a sigh. "Whatever useless things you are wasting precious time and thoughts on… sigh, stupid people are on a level of their own." Then curious, he asked, "What do you wanna be known as?"

"Of course, as 'Han Li's Mother.' Not just that, as Han Li's Mother who is quite formidable too, you know? Who is also quite… intelligent, maybe." Seeing his smirk, she cursed, "Don't mock already. I can also learn things from you, you know? People can become intelligent. Atleast a bit. I am not THAT dumb anyway, as you might say."

"Hm, sure, when I get a name for myself, I will make you famous as my Mother. Yet, there are more things to do before that… and yes, you are dumb. I am dumb, too. There is no one intelligent in this world, so don't worry too much about it."

"Hmm… oho, what do you mean?"

Han Li put another berry into his Empty Space, a silent thought in his mind. "It is said that a kitten who jumped into hot water would fear normal water. That's the same thing. No matter how foolish a person might be, even as foolish as a monkey, it doesn't matter. It can be filled up with experience. Wisdom, intelligence, everything is, in the end, just pattern recognition.

Nothing more."

His mother grew thoughtful. "As in?"

"Cognition, Mother. Do you know why normal people find their lives more boring the longer they live? Especially at their middle ages or earlier, many would feel that their lives are boring, and that's natural. But in their early days, when they were just babies or youths, that wasn't like that. So why once more?"

"Why?"

"Humans love to understand underlying reasoning. Fire, ah, I want to touch it, oh no, it is hot. A thing learned. Just like that, everything makes a kid curious: why does the moon follow them? Why do mirrors reflect? But soon, everything becomes a pattern that they understand, and there is nothing new to learn.

"Like being trapped in a box, their growths stumped, so that becomes their life, moving in a colorful box that has its colors sucked away every day.

"But they now know what is hot water and what is cold. And thus, they have more wisdom. They understand more patterns without even trying, that is. So, wisdom is just accumulated experiences that you will have at some point, so there is no need to worry."

"Oh…" Yue Li exclaimed.

"But of course, there are geniuses who don't need to experience it and just understand it on their own with simple glances. Yet, for them, it must be boring. So, don't care about it, just live like you want, nobody's opinion matters to you unless you wish to live with them for the rest of your life. And if they do mind you for doing something you love to do, they don't deserve to be around you.

As simple as that."

"Do you mind me doing something, Xiao Li?"

"Yeah, I mind you asking to suck my dick. I don't really like you doing that."

Yue Li giggled. "Then you don't deserve to be with me for the rest of my life. And obviously, your body likes it."

Han Li sighed. Collecting the last few branches of fruits, he looked into the next room. There was a notebook after the entry, and who knows what the trials would be like?

Trial of the Heart was as easy as he had expected, yet he didn't know the rest. And at the same time, he knew the third trial was probably their last winnable trial. He beckoned his mom closer, and she walked in front of him, hand on her back; she looked at him like a young girl ready to see the world. "Let's go?"

Han Li nodded and gently touched her crotch area through the clothes. "It really is wet. If a fight or physical trial is the next one, it might hinder you."

"I have you, no worries."

Han Li sighed. Taking her hands, he moved towards the next room.

He hoped there was something good there that could frighten her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167 - 167: Snake
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The duo entered the next room, and Han Li collected the notebook. Unlike the berries, Notebooks were larger than the maximum size of things he could put into his Empty Space, but he was not too worried about carrying things.

His Mother had an enhanced Empty Space at the moment; she could take in a whole human; what was a notebook?

[Devil Fruit Recipe], he read. The book contained all the required materials and the way to cook the fruit that can help a human shapeshift, yet, having read it, his face blanched in disinterest.

"Five fucking life-type resources and all of them rare things… I might as well use a temporary face-changing Life Type Resource when it calls for it… this trash," he muttered in irritation, feeling as if he had lost a precious chance to gain a good something from these trials.

Of course, he was just venting; it was not really trash.

He then looked in front of him at a mighty army of Animal Statues, counting in thousands, and couldn't help but feel his heart shake. These statues were not like the dead humanoid statues in the first Trial Room; these statues emitted true, bestial, and alive auras when scanned by Soul Sense. He understood that if he walked closer, the petrification on them would come undone, and they might wake up.

So is killing them this Trial's end goal?

But even monstrous stamina men would run out after such a task. This was a game of endurance; all of these were just normal animals, but the number was humongous. No normal Evolved could last till the end. Especially considering that there was a mix of all sorts of animals here, from fast cheetahs to cunning monkeys.

People would be exhausted to death.

Was this petrification a way to let things survive past their lifespan?

He wondered.

The Demon World had been there for millennia, after all.

After a lot of time thinking, Han Li could only think of one understandable explanation. If they were to come off of petrification, the time they could last shouldn't be much. They would have an extremely short lifespan.

Otherwise, the Sacred Demon's body would have also been preserved like this, but Han li knew that that man's body had already been refined to become the Life Sword and the Lust Sutra Book. He was dead beyond death.

"Mom," Han Li patted his Mom's back. "Those statues, go fight them. Take out your knife and attack. Go."

Yue Li hesitated. "I also checked with the soul sense, but Xiao Li, this is too much of an undertaking for me alone. But it should be easy for you… You have thick skin."

Han Li shook his head. "It would be easy—" he stepped forward and stopped his words with a startled expression as a blue flame appeared on top of the nearest statue and spread a blue light all throughout the room. He couldn't help but feel his heart drop.

No wonder the Trial seemed so easy. His stamina was being drained. The flame lasted exactly a minute, but Han Li's expression was ugly. He had lost atleast Ninety percent of his stamina.

If this had been before his Organs were transformed, he would have failed right now. A coldness flashed through his gaze. There were at least 5,000 animals here, of many species, and even if he killed one every second, it would take more than an hour; there was no way he could last that long.

At most, he could last half as long.

"It became a thousand times harder…" He muttered, "Yet, not so much for me."

Nevertheless, even though an idea came to his head, he didn't move. Instead, he focused on his hand and tried to use Magic Powers, but nothing worked. The Heavens who bestowed Magic Powers for a cost seemed to be absent here. He tried using his Talents and realized that they still worked.

Yet, now, when he was this close to having no stamina, he could understand that using Talents was sapping his stamina, too. It didn't work without fuel, or it might have worked without fuel in the past when in the presence of Heaven by stealing its energy, but now, his stamina was running out by using it, too. If he used these powers, he could kill some animals easily, but in the end, he would fail.

Looking at the bestial faces of the statue, he calmly smiled. "Mom, flourish your knife and go attack them. They are just beasts that would die soon anyway. Kill them. If you love me as much as you say, don't show mercy. Kill them."

Yue Li took out the Knife Han Li had given her from her Empty Space. Her heart thudded inside her chest, and she walked beside him. Yet, with a squeeze of her buttocks, Han Li pushed her forward. Soon, she was standing in front of a lion statue, and just as Han Li had expected, the outer layers of stone quickly came undone.

The lion breathed out a puff of ancient air.

Grrr!

Hungry. It felt so hungry. Two cold eyes looked at Yue Li's trembling body right in front of it; it opened its mouth and went for the bite. Han Li didn't move.

Yue Li trembled.

The beast pounced towards her. As if on instinct, she yelped and moved, her lithe body dunking down and moving under the creature to appear beside it. Feeling her nerves wrack, she ran towards Han Li, only to end up running to another statue, a wolf that made its petrification turn off.

At the same time, a chain reaction seemed to have begun, and hundreds of animalistic growls echoed out. Yue Li felt her hair stand on end.

She ran, but soon, her son was nowhere to be found. She was surrounded by things that wanted to kill her and make her prey. Her heart thudded inside her chest. She wanted to cry.

A wolf jumped towards her; she moved aside by an inch's length, and its claw passed by. She couldn't help but yelp in fear and call out for her son's name.

"Hrrgh!" The animals seemed as if they couldn't see each other to feast on; all of their attention headed to Yue Li, and thousands of cold gazes focused on her. Suddenly, a cold sensation ran down her spine, and she looked to her side.

There was the head of a python on her shoulder. Looking coldly at her.

"Hiss!" it hissed.

Her pupils shrunk.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168 - 168: Battle the 5000 Monsters
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Suddenly, a cold sensation ran down her spine, and she looked to her side. There was the head of a python on her shoulder. Looking coldly at her.

"Hiss!"

Her pupils shrunk.

Now that she thought of it, she could sense something slithering around her waist. She had been so used to feeling her son's hand wrap around her that she hadn't noticed the feeling at all.

That was the snake's tail, right?

Xiao…Xiao Li, where are you…?

She cried out in her mind, but somehow, her body acted as if on instinct, and just as the snake tried to move and bite into her head, something pierced right into the middle of its head. It was her knife.

"Eee!" She yelped and pushed the creature away, but it was somehow right on track to maw a wolf that would have fallen on her if she hadn't thrown it. She dunked down for some reason, and a claw passed by above her.

Filled with fear, she ran. Her heart was thudding violently, and she was feeling horribly wronged, even though she felt that her Xiao Li was watching from somewhere. She felt horribly betrayed.

Fwoosh!

She slid through the back of a cheetah-like thing, and in the air, her knife moved in an elegant arc. The cheetah whined as a great wound stretched across its neck.

Yue Li kicked the cheetah on the side, and her eyes grew electric as her knife pierced into its eyes. Suddenly, her Spark lit up, and her hair turned red. Her body slowly grew rigid with the instincts of a Knife user, and as if some magic had been cast on her, she forgot her hesitation, and her body just moved elegantly.

It was a dance of the knife. Crimson exploded here and there while Yue Li was in the middle, her body moving like an uncatchable fish in the water as one animal after the other was wounded and then shortly incapacitated. Often, some animals took advantage of some of her weak points and attacked her, but that weak point didn't happen a second time.

It was like a charcoal that had become a diamond. Her Soul Sense covered everywhere around her; her eyes were so utterly focused, not one of her movements seemed in vain; all of it was calculated, precise.

Fwoop!

A knife pierced the jaw of a tiger, and a kick destroyed the head of a snake, making internal organs and brain matter explode around.

Around her immediate surroundings, there were no longer any animals surviving, and her mind started to waver slightly. Her legs wobbling. Her own stamina had also been drained after all. Around a hundred dead creatures was her limit as she suddenly became sane. The red-eyed creatures suddenly released a ferocious roar and moved towards her from all sides.

Her spark vanished, and her hair became a lusterless black. She was in a sort of daze.

From a short distance away from her, Han Li looked up at the ceiling and finally noticed this 3rd Trials Reward. He couldn't help but find it curious.

[Reward: A knife made from the talons of a Beast King-level bird. It can cut through anything below Power Birth level, like Tofu, and even pose a danger to them if used well.]

That knife would be as strong as his Life Sword with his current proficiency. Of course, his Life Sword would grow sharper as long as he could use a higher part of his Sword Proficiency, but with his Evolution Stage proficiency, cutting wood like tofu was the best he could do. He couldn't cut thick iron; maybe he could bend it but not cut it.

Yet, even untrained people could achieve that level with this knife because of its inherent sharpness. His Life Sword had a much higher potential, but this one had immediate use, which would, in turn, help weak people ambush strong ones.

Even Yang Wei could be cut using it. Of course, Han Li could do that without the knife already since his Proficiency was through the roof for an Evolution Stage Cultivator.

With a smile, he looked back at his mom, who the animals were once again surrounding. Her Stamina was already out. She was spent.

Han Li shook his head. With his current stamina, he could probably kill about 2,000 of the animals here before reaching his own limit, but if that happened, he would fail.

Yet, with a light laugh, he walked into the fray, and a dark sword was unsheathed from its clothed confines. Lions, wolves, hippos, elephants, gorillas. Many creatures could only see a sword whooshing around before headless corpses fell one after the other. Every two or three seconds, one of them would fall. It didn't matter how thick their skins were and how powerful their horns were.

Yue Li was safely put behind him, and any animal that came inside three meters of their surroundings found themselves dying. Once, a tiger pounced from the back and bit into Han Li's head, but his body was like an iron pole; it didn't budge, and Han Li positioned his hand in a claw and punched a hole into its stomach.

His skin wasn't something these things could pierce. His organs wouldn't shatter due to such a flimsy impact, either.

With his hand firmly inside its guts, the tiger whined in pain but, in seconds, started shriveling as if its essence was being absorbed. Yes, Han Li was devouring its stamina.

He chuckled merrily, but for the cunning monkeys jumping around, he looked frightening.

Han Li looked at them with amusement, his body, neck down, completely bloody.

His mother stood a bit dazed behind him. Kicking the dead tiger towards another horde of these animals coming at him, making them stumble. He gently bent down and kissed his mother, sharing some stamina with her before moving and continuing his rampage.

For anyone else, Stamina could be an issue. For him?

Enemies could become his stamina as long as he touched their organs.

His Mother breathed out, and her heart started to thud. Loud.

Her heartbeat was loud.

She didn't want to harm these animals. She didn't want to.

Her spark flourished to life, and her hair turned red.

She moved fast, and the next second, she was standing back to back with her son. He couldn't help but smile and taunt, "Like fighting when it is not humans, Miss Racist?"

Yue Li cursed. "How dare you throw your Mom into danger. Bastard!"

Of course, she didn't like the sticky feeling of blood. She felt like vomiting. She wanted to gag so bad. Yet, the animals were turned into pieces of stone a while after death. So, that helped a lot.

She pushed down a black gorilla, and her son's sword decapitated it. A nimble Han Li jumped up and pushed his hand into the hole left in the neck. The rather shriveled body fell back before the mother and son continued fighting.

Often, Han Li would bend down and kiss his mother before moving, and she would follow, often flinching at the gruesome sights and even vomiting on the side. Yet, when she needed protection, a flying sword would appear even if Han Li was far away.

Barehanded Han Li was a beast on his own.

He would catch a creature's maw and tear it apart. Whatever his robe looked like earlier, it was now damp with thick blood, yet above his neck, he was clean. He had to kiss, after all. Bloody kiss tasted bad. He knew it.

Filled with laughter, curses, growls, and whines. About 3 hours passed before Han Li and Yue Li once again stood back to back. Both of their bodies were bloody, but their eyes filled with energy. Their stamina was still at its peak, even though Yue Li felt a bit mentally exhausted.

Around them was a long river of blood and pieces of statues. On the wall, another doorway had appeared. Han Li chuckled softly, his voice echoing through the stone room.

"Red Haired Demon Yue Li. A perfect nickname for you. Nobody would doubt your capabilities after seeing this. You killed more than a thousand helpless animals, after all."

She rubbed her face. She was not skilled enough to avoid getting blood on her face, but she did keep her mouth clean. "These are not real animals, and they were attacking us…" she said, hesitation lacing her tone.

Her heart was still pounding. Never had she felt so excited.

"You once promised me in your sleep you won't show me blood…" She breathed heavily. "Your words are worth shit. I want my trust back."

Han Li laughed. "I must have meant I won't let anyone force you to fight. If you stood there like a dumbass and waited, I'd have honestly come to save you. And yes, this is such a nice chance to let you experience a knife; you know, your proficiency is Awakened High Level already. As good as Liyue now."

She looked dazedly around her for a while before shivering. She had convinced herself that these animals were real and nothing could prove her wrong.

"I'd need a lot of consoling later. Xiao Li, I hope you do it well."

"For sure. These things were destined to die anyway."

Her heart still pained horribly.

More than a thousand lives. She felt filthy. She had a lot of thoughts swirling inside her head but like a defensive mechanism, all of it was pushed aside for now, some day, it would burst. She couldn't help but secretly shiver as Han Li took her hand and walked towards the next Trial.

3rd Trial already would have been impossible for most other Evolved Cultivators. Han Li couldn't help but feel his intrigue rising. Can he pass the next level?

He honestly didn't think so. Yet, he wouldn't lose without trying his maximum, death was not an option here after all. If someone reached near death, that protective bubble would once more appear and they would be sent back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169 - 169: 4th Trial of Three people in One
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li couldn't help but secretly shiver as Han Li took her hand and walked towards the next Trial. They had already passed three trials, and four more remained but according to her son's words, they probably wouldn't win the next level, so she was in a slight daze. Honestly, after killing so many things, she already didn't like being around this place.

She was exhausted. She just wanted to rest.

Yet, contradicting, her stamina was at an all-time high.

"Xiao Li, can't we wait for her for some time and recover our mental strength?"

Han Li shook his head. "If you look at the door to the fourth Trial room with focus, you would be able to notice that it is shrinking. Unlike the earlier trials, the 3rd and 4th Trials test our bodies, and stamina is a big part of it. So, no rest. But if we win the 4th trial, we could have rest."

With a sigh, he entered the next trial and took the black metallic knife that was lying on the ground with curiosity. After a while, he handed it to his mother. "This knife can cut through your skin and bones like Tofu. Handle it with care."

She took it, her eyes a bit distracted.

Han Li, on the other hand, looked at the new room, his face solemn.

There was a young man on the other side of the stone room, and there was nothing else there. The young man looked at them coldly while Han Li looked at him with a sigh inside himself. He could already tell what the 4th Trial was.

His Life Vision scanned the person, and he immediately knew who he was.

[Nu Kai] [Age: 67]

[Current Cultivation: Evolved]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Evolved]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Evolved, Phantom Cat Dao Soul]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 70, killed in an attempt to transplant beast organs into himself.]

A Transformation Path Cultivator. Sacred Talent. His body would be the best of what an Evolution Stage cultivator can have. He was getting such an easy test with Han Li… who was an Ethereal Type Cultivator. But for Han Li, of course, someone who had a better body than him and who was prepared was going to be at a big disadvantage.

Especially considering that this Nu Kai was good at one thing that was not Han Li's specialty. This person was Han Li's counter.

Han Li was good at endurance. His defense was top-notch, and his stamina was also top-notch. But his Speed was just above average when he had Magic Powers.

The worst thing was that Han Li hadn't made the Magic Power [The Elusive Movement] his Talent yet. So he couldn't use it here so his speed was even lower.

But even if he had made it, it would have still paled in speed when Yang Kai was such a short distance away. His body would still be able to cope with the speed before the person transforms into a phantom cat but after, Han Li knew he probably wouldn't be able to resist the speed.

Only if he had Transformed his Tendons would he be as fast as the person opposite him. Yet, he had not, so obviously, he would be slower.

Han Li calmly looked at the man.

Monk robes, bald head, orange face, but a cold gaze. At a glance, he felt as if he was looking at a demon instead of a monk. The man had this fierce aura that just seemed to scream, 'Suppress Demons!'

…A person from the Demon Restraining Temple or a branch of it. No wonder he was pitted against a Team when he was in Solo. This 4th Trial was nasty.

"Nu Kai, a Monk who dislikes violence very much." The man introduced himself in a cold voice.

Han Li calmly smiled.

Both he and his mother were bathed in blood. The man's distaste for them was understandable. Yet, he wondered what the guy had gotten for the last trial. If he had gotten the animals, he would have slaughtered them too.

Hmm, no, he would have 'liberated' them from their mortal afflictions. Han Li judged.

He tilted his head. "Name is Yang Wei. Someone who also dislikes violence very much."

Nu Kai calmly said, "One of us has to be beaten to a state of incapacitation to battle for this Trial of the body to be completed. If you let me beat you and the woman behind you up without resisting, it will be quicker."

In Nu Kai's eyes, Han Li was also probably a Transformation Type, so he kept his gaze trained on him, completely cautious. But he wasn't worried about the woman. She was just an Awakened.

Han Li calmly walked forward, flourishing his sword calmly as he walked forward. His only advantage was that he had a weapon, and the other party didn't.

No matter how thick the man's skin was, his sword would still cut it like Tofu as long as it wasn't at [Below Average Power Birth] level at the very least.

If Han Li's weakest aspect was looked into in the body department, it would be speed and raw strength, and even those, as of now, could be classified as [Above Average] in the Evolved Stage in comparison to Transformation Cultivators.

His defensive skin and stamina would be equal to Sacred Talent when they are fully transformed, and it would be even better than them since he was transforming into a Sacred Demon instead of a random beast. Even though, unlike their complete Transformation, his was partial, as of now, only skin and organs.

If someone's capabilities ranging from Strength, Endurance, Dexterity, and Vitality could be classified as [Below Average>Average>Above Average>High>Top Tier]…

Han Li was even beyond Top Tier in Stamina and Defense, while he was just Above Average in everything else. His opponent was, on the other hand, Top Tier in every department when he transformed and High in every department when he was not Transformed. Nu Kai's speed would even be better than Top Tier, even though it wouldn't be that much of a difference. Phantom Cats were fast creatures, after all.

So, the match was clear at one glance.

Both of them walked forward towards each other, and Han Li calmly looked at the ceiling for the reward section. He couldn't help but whistle in amazement.

[Reward: Seasonal Fruit Bonsai]

A tree that bore a life dao resource fruit once every six months. It was a very simple Life Dao resource, but for Han Li, it was an absurd treasure.

His heart started to beat gently. Looking at the opponent, every reward Nu Kai had gotten so far must be small enough to put it inside his Empty Space, so even if he defeated him, Han Li wouldn't be able to get anything to steal, but this reward in itself made it worthy of fighting to the bone.

Not to mention, he didn't want his mother to be hurt.

His right hand moved, the sword shook gently in a sizzling vibration, and the blood in it was cast away. He tore his bloodied top and threw it aside. With a calm smile, he walked towards Nu Kai.

Nu Kai looked at him calmly as he walked closer and closer.

He would have normally moved aside quickly, but for some reason, his reaction was slower, and before he knew it, Han Li swung the sword. He quickly jumped back but then hissed painfully. A lot of skin had been cut off from his lower arm.

With a slosh, the cut skin fell on the floor, making Nu Kai cry out loud in pain.

"Hghhh!!" He took a deep breath and asked with a sweaty forehead, "What did you do?"

Han Li silently attacked once more, a slash for the head, but Nu Kai quickly moved back, and soon, black fur grew on him, and he became a hideous hairy monster with cat claws and jumped on the side of the stone wall and distanced himself.

Spitting on the side, Han Li once more stood in position while Nu Kai's hand sizzled and began healing.

"Regeneration, how irritating…" Han Li's words were slow and calm but among the four, three of his Talents were working.

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

Fantasy Inducement made him unable to focus on anything. Clearly, seduction made him feel unnecessary emotions while in battle, and the sensational barrier cut off his sense of hearing at the most important moment. There was also Lack of Lust, which was unnecessary for now.

Han Li silently smirked.

He was never a transformation-type cultivator. He was an Ethereal Type Cultivator. They were not one bit inferior to the former; it was just that Lust Dao lacked proper attack methods in the Evolution Stage.

"You know, little monk boy," Han Li said, swinging his sword around. "I've wanted to test myself for a while now, and you are a perfect candidate. Why don't we bet all our treasures that we gained here in the past levels on ourselves? Winner gets all."

Nu Kai's big cat eyes shimmered for a second before it darkened.

Han Li sighed. "So you have no confidence in yourself now that I hurt you a bit. Now come, don't talk when fighting if you don't have any guts."

Growling, his thick and disgusting cat tail smashing against the wall in humiliation, Nu Kai jumped towards Han Li. He was indeed fast.

Before Han Li could react, a furry fist landed on his chest, and he was blasted onto a stone wall. His organs and skin were fine, but his shoulder bone cracked slightly, and he hissed in pain as he looked at the man.

Yue Li yelped in surprise and began running for him until Han Li showed her a calm hand, saying 'stop,' and stood up. Had it been any other stone wall, he would have been covered in rubbles, but this place had almost indestructible buildings, atleast for his level of people.

"You are fast. You should have pushed the attack," said Han Li.

"Your sword is too sharp. I don't want to be hurt," The man replied calmly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170 - 170: Lot of Magic and a bit of Muscle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You are fast, you should have pushed the attack," said Han Li.

"Your sword is too sharp, I don't want to be hurt," The bald Nu Kai replied calmly.

Han Li chuckled and stood up, his legs wobbling. Inside, his shoulder bones were broken and his flesh mangled. Yet, unlike the other party, he couldn't regenerate.

Two cold, scarlet eyes looked at Nu Kai. Han Li walked towards him, his overpowering casualness that was always hidden behind his actions was now gone, a cold, callous aura of a snake looking at its prey traveled like a slithering sensation across the enemy's scalp.

Nu Kai calmly but hesitantly looked at Han Li, his face dark. His confidence in fights were not any good, he was in fact, not a person who liked fighting opponents of his own level. He felt a bit afraid of his opposition and he wanted to end this already.

Like a blur, the bald monk who appeared to be in dark fur zipped through the air and once more appeared near Han Li, his claw was poised to strike his head in a vicious punch. Yet, suddenly, he felt as if an overpowering aura of danger devoured every part of his being, a sort of fear of looking at an absurdly higher existence when he was just a small ant.

Heart Qi, overpowering aura. Han Li didn't know much mechanics of this power, yet, he knew how to frighten people with it. A black sword slashed akin to the moonlight, heading straight for Nu Kai's neck.

Blood would splatter, scarlet would inundate. Nu Kai would die. Yet, nothing of those sorts happened as the sword paused at the man turned beast's neck. A unique pair of lizard-like scales had appeared there. Completely blocking the sword.

"A Protective Magic Treasure!" Han Li exclaimed and kicked the monk away in a hurry, he knew he won't be able to swing the sword again before Nu Kai came to his senses and launched a counter. His Heart Qi was not all powerful.

Nu Kai smashed on to the stone wall this time and he coughed up blood. "You can use your Magic Power in this place," he hissed in pain.

Han Li coldly looked at him. He couldn't find a way to defeat him.

His opponent still thought of him as a Transformation Type cultivator. All Transformation Type Cultivators would practice one Magic Power in the early stages of their cultivation and that would be their only Magic Power throughout their life unless they become Transcendent.

That would be a Magic Power that adds on to the said cultivator's strength or one that removes a weakness. Even Yang Wei must have a Magic Power like that but Han Li had no idea what that Power was. That was the one thing that was unknown to him about the man named Yang Wei.

The black sword was flourished once more and Han Li coldly said, "So you have a defensive treasure protecting you. Did you get it in the trials?"

That thing was only on the neck, he could easily tell with his discerning eyes, but around the neck, even Power Borns would find it hard to hurt Nu Kai.

But the monk on the other hand shivered slightly. "This place blocks all sorts of Magic Powers, I can't use mine and there is no way you can use yours. You also have a treasure that makes people fear you, right?"

"Is that so? I wonder." Han Li once again pushed on his Seduction Talent. This talent, he had never used it to its full potential. The monk's eyes turned red but he wasn't completely on track yet. Nobody could be so easily seduced in such an intense situation.

At the same time, Fantasy Inducement constantly made Nu Kai's head spin with incoherence, and his right ear in particular, seemed bad at times, often losing its hearing, yet, he didn't think Han Li was the reason for that. In his mind, it was his own inexperience in fights that was the cause.

Enraged and afraid of what would have been if his neck had been slashed, Nu Kai became even more cautious, and he walked around Han Li with the intention of another quick move and attack.

He didn't know why Han Li hadn't yet transformed into his beast form, but he could tell that Han Li had a really thick skin for some reason. No attack of his had even left a scratch on the man's skin, that terrified him to no end. Han Li had obviously hurt him many times.

What he really didn't know, however, was that one of Han Li's shoulders was already incapacitated and broken, but it was just that Han Li could endure and swing it around without much of a moan. Even though cold sweat still matted his back.

Han Li was obviously at a disadvantage.

Time passed, and they just continued their pounce and react attack form. Many times, Han Li was blasted on the wall by the enemies' quick moves, but only one more of his bone was broken, one of his left ribs, and that didn't impede his fight. For two hours straight, they continued doing the same thing, finding no holes in the opponent.

Many times, Han Li cut a lot of the man's skin and flesh, but soon, it would regrow, and the fight would continue. The only thing he had accomplished of note was cutting off the pinky finger of Nu Kai, which couldn't regrow.

He could only regrow flesh but not bones!

Thus, their fight entered the next round. Nu Kai felt his head spin slightly and he couldn't help but find Han Li more and more arousing. He couldn't help but think Han Li's sword was beautiful. Another cut arrived on his chest, and breathing heavily, he jumped back and looked at the wound on his chest before growling.

Soon, it healed, but Han Li smirked. He was obviously ten steps slower than he was at the start. All those Talents were getting used, and in such an intense situation, Nu Kai was also taut mentally and physically, so his stamina was also in a very precarious situation.

Smiling to himself, Han Li continued, and soon enough, Nu Kai had his eyes turn blank, and he watched with a gawking gaze as the dark sword sunk into the side of his waist and then his bones before suddenly coming to a halt as a bubble shaped thing surrounded him and he unwillingly cried out as he was devoured by red mist and vanished.

Han Li sighed in relief and excitement, his heart beating calmly as he looked at his Mom who was in the distance, looking at him while seated in a corner, popping the earlier cherry-like fruits into her mouth, her face filled with boredom.

These physical brawls were interesting, but after two hours and a bit more, she had lost interest. Han Li wasn't in danger anyway. She decided she might as well consider it a movie to watch. Of course, she did sweat a lot in the middle of the fights when Han Li's hand limped here and there. She had a nagging feeling that he wasn't as healthy as he appeared.

"A tree that would bore us a Life Fruit every six months, what else can we wish for, Mom?" He sighed as he walked towards her and reached half a hand away from her. Then, his expression suddenly changed, and he looked around the room, and his heart fell to the bottom of his stomach.

"No…" He muttered.

Yue Li blinked. She looked around the whole stone room, but she didn't find anything worthy of being worried about. The door to the next trial hadn't even appeared yet. What was he so worried about?

Then, her eyes widened. She was not so foolish as to not see why his face had become so pallid so quickly. The door not appearing meant that they hadn't completed this 4th Trial's test. A drop of sweat fell from Han Li's temples, a foreboding sensation around him.

Then, he chuckled wryly. "I have been so deluded by wealth and greed again, my eyes couldn't see the truth right in front of us."

In his past life, only one person had made it to the 5th round.

That was Monk Hen Shin, someone who accomplished significant feats, particularly being the only individual to have reached the 5th Trial and referred to as the strongest Power Born of the Era at his peak. There was no way it was that easy to enter the 5th round.

Even if he had failed, Nu Kai would have entered the next room. And he knew from the news that Monk Hen Shin was the only one in the fifth round, and it was said that even he had failed the task. So, the reason was obvious.

Fourth Trial, more than any of its predecessors, was far from easy. This was where everyone who was ordinary in the Sacred Talents of the Sacred Lust continent would be sent back. Most probably, Han Li knew that would also include himself.

Why?

This trial was obviously supposed to be fought with Nu Kai and himself as a team and they had straight up considered each other as enemies. He had been deceiving people here and there, he was deceived by himself. He wouldn't have made such an amateur mistake usually, Han Li composed himself.

Someone was trying to play with his own head.

Eyes calm, Han Li looked around with his life vision and in one particular area of the stone wall, noticed something he hadn't earlier. It appeared the same as anywhere, but hidden in an invisible form, there was…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171 - 171: The world was unforgiving.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eyes calm, Han Li looked around with his life vision and in one particular area of the stone wall, noticed something he hadn't earlier. It appeared the same as anywhere but hidden in an invisible form. There was something that made his pupils shrink.

Even Yue Li felt a foreboding sensation around her nape as a stone statue-like thing walked out of the wall. It was humanoid, and soon, it opened its eyes. A very human-like pair of calm eyes, a unique dark pair of eyes that shimmered with cunning and curiosity, and a smirk on its stone-like face that was full of ridicule.

Han Li trembled slightly, his breathing growing heavy and his sword growing utterly defensive. His heart also beat faster than ever after regressing back with future memories. He snarled, "We meet again, Unawakened."

The rock-made man on the wall tilted his head. Slowly, as if water was flowing out of his skin, the rock faded away, and his true appearance was revealed, making Yue Li's eyes widen while Han Li grew apprehensive. The face was far too familiar.

This face had been in Han Li's dreams and his thoughts all the time for the past few weeks. He had always been thinking of this man. He had been mulling over so much, and now that the culprit was in front of him, Han Li couldn't help but feel a sensation of foreboding.

Starlight Clan Head's direct son, Li Shuanwei. The man who had been the center of all chaos in Southern Lust City. The man who had made Han Li move out of his comfortable cultivation area. A cold sensation of unpredictability hung in Han Li's mind. This one person, Han Li, had no idea what he even was.

The young man's appearance now resembled the signature appearance of a Starlight Clan member—brownish black eyes that seemed to reflect the shining stars of the night sky and hair a deep black, which he had tied behind him in a small bun.

"Didn't think I would meet a clan mate in this place. How intriguing," The man sounded lazy, almost too relaxed. That was scary. Especially scary after seeing the whole battle Han Li had just fought with Nu Kai right in front of him. Han Li's mind rang with alarm bells.

Regardless, his words were calm. "Li Shuanwei, a filthy rich young master of our areas. A close son of the Starlight Clan Head, a silk pants who had often been said to be idiotic or stupid. He was by today more than 30 years old, but the man hadn't even Awakened for once yet. An unawakened adult.

"Not because he had some kind of issue regarding his cultivation—the man just hated cultivation, supposedly. Someone who intentionally avoids all kinds of conflict no matter how they come. A man who likes to sleep at home rather than wake up to eat. A person who is said to be the epitome of laziness."

Blinking, Li Shuanwei rubbed off some remnant mud on his pristine white clan robes. "You seem to really know me. I am proud that a genius with Sacred Talent who had Evolved at the tender age of eighteen remembers me."

Han Li's hair stood on end as the man's gaze focused on him for a second before moving to his mother. He couldn't understand why. A profound sensation of crisis hit him with just a glance. His mother must have felt the same as she paled where she stood.

"Technically speaking, she and I are friends from the same generation, you know?" Li Shuanwei asked. His gait was still as languid as ever, his gaze lazy. "She is just five or so years older than me. I still remember the days every one of my generation was on her back, trying to woo her. How nostalgic."

Yue Li stood behind Han Li, hiding herself. She did not have much of a recollection about this person even though she knew him vaguely as she had seen him.

Seeing that, Li Shuanwei sighed with a saddened expression. "When everyone bullied me for being Unawakened at my age when I was thirteen, you once consoled me. It felt good. I just remembered it. You must have been just a year or two older than me then."

Yue Li hid behind Han Li and said softly, "Sorry, but I don't really remember you. I know your appearance but nothing much."

Han Li calmly said, "You don't have to respond to him. He is making a fool of you."

His own gaze never left the person nor even blinked. His Life Vision was still the same, no difference whatsoever from the past Li Shuanwei he had used Life Vision on. (Chapter 108)

[Li Shuanwei] [Age: 30]

[Current Cultivation: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Unawakened]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 50, a renowned poet who grew enchanted by a woman's beauty, only to get dumped and commit suicide.]

He was obviously a weakling, yet obviously, he was not. Han Li had never met someone like that. And didn't he have a Starlight Spark? What was he doing using something like the power of the Rock clan to hide among the rocks?

And the Trials 'Artificial Intelligence' as Yue Li had coined thought only himself and Nu Kai combined stood a chance against this person.

"Your head is spinning with thoughts…" Li Shuanwei squinted in curiosity. "I almost want to kill you to nip all your secrets out already. That sword is nice. Your body isn't half bad, but you are supposed to have the Starlight Spark. No, you are supposed to have no sparks at all. My head is spinning now.

What curious subject I have had in my own backyard without knowing at all."

Han Li calmly laughed.

"A cultivation base I can't sense no matter what I try, powers that are not of the Starlight Spark. Is it a Magical Resource that hides you in a rock? Yet why do I feel it is not? And also tell me, why were you the cause of all that bloodshed that happened in the surroundings of our city? Do you know how many innocents died due to you?!"

Li Shuanwei sniffed. A languid expression on his face, he said: "Another dog that I should have killed long ago. You see, I had everything down there: money, power, and everything. Yet, I didn't have women. Killing you should get me some, right?"

Han Li's gaze condensed. With a cold gaze, he readied for battle, but Li Shuanwei just shook his head and chopped the air before him with a slash. Han Li expected a lethal attack, but nothing came; his heart dropped, and he looked back.

His mother's painful scream echoed all the way in the room as one of her arms was slashed. Crimson exploded from her shoulder, and she coughed up blood.

Han Li's heart thudded, and he shouted. "STOP!"

Li Shuanwei stopped midway in his second chop. He wouldn't be able to kill the woman right away due to the protection of the bubble, but taking another hand wouldn't be trouble. Yet, curious, he stopped. What will Han Li do to stop him?

He had expected Han Li to do something ridiculous, but seeing what Han Li did next, his mood was ruined.

He moved towards his mother without any care for the enemy and showed the same enemy his back. Li Shuanwei frowned in disgust and was about to attack when Han Li coldly looked back and took the knife he had gotten as a reward in the past trial away from his Mom's hand. She was bubbling in pain and breathing heavily.

His mother's left hand was gone, and her eyes were wide in shock.

Han Li's heart was as cold as an abyss. Yang Wei had made him frustrated but never murderous. Li Shuanwei, Han Li's red eyes, seethed murder. He hadn't even been able to see the attack, and he still didn't know what had happened.

It was far too quick. And it was neither a Magic Power or Heart Qi. It was a sort of different power. It was not any Talent either. It was something entirely different from the usual Cultivation.

He doubted it could hurt his thick skin, but his mother was in far too much of a danger. She was already losing too much blood. She wouldn't be able to survive.

"Li Shuanwei," He suddenly said and caught the man's curiosity once more, making him stop midway through his second chop. "There is a saying I had gotten used to hearing a lot." He stood up and flourished his black sword, placing it near his mom.

He held the knife with his other hand, placing it exactly around his belly.

"I don't know what power you just used. Neither do I know what kind of freak you are."

Many had told Han Li that in his previous life.

Li Shuanwei's eyes burst with curiosity.

A chuckle almost escaped him as hair began to stand behind his back.

Exhilarating!

Did it feel this good to make others so desperate?

This was a first.

Yet, the next second, his jaw dropped.

Han Li's knife sunk into his own stomach, which he himself found a bit irritating to pierce through, and his sword gently pierced his mom's belly. Just enough to bring the bubble out.

Two bubbles appeared and wrapped up around themselves. Han Li coldly said, "I shall wait for you below. And I will kill you there."

Dark crimson smoke devoured them, and just before they vanished, Han Li took hold of his mother's severed arm, and then... they vanished.

Li Shuanwei felt his nerves bulge.

A second later, he spat, "Trash." And looked towards the side of the stone room. Another door had opened. The door to the fifth trial. With a frown, he calmly headed there. With his father's help, it won't be too hard to kill such trash when he was back home.

Yet, the things that must be happening down there also gave him a slight headache. The Power Born Demonic Ice Fairy must be still in wait for him to head down. But he was still happy; this trial was the first one to give him such a rare treasure.

A tree that can bear a Life Type fruit every six months.

Meanwhile, unlike the Heaven Rising, which was full of grand shows, heading down was simple and straightforward. His stomach was bleeding, and a knife sunken into it. With his mother in tow, Han Li appeared back inside the forest surrounding Southern Lust City.

Bathed in a three-meter-long wave of red smoke, he quickly ran out of the place and entered the nearby cave where he and his mother were before they rose to the heavens. Laying her on a mushroom-like bed, he asked, "Mom, can you listen? Is it too painful?"

She held back her sobs and looked at him with a blurry gaze. "Can.. still feel the pain."

Han Li gritted his teeth at the sight. Her stomach was also bleeding, and she was weak, and her blood was losing.

"Mom… It's nothing, don't worry. I will get you standing right away. We have a Life Type resource at hand, after all. Nothing to worry about. Keep sane and trade it using your system, we are back home too. Come, there is no issues."

He really hadn't expected a power to bypass him and appear behind him. The fact that Li Shuanwei was so demonic was also news to him. Yet, his eyes burned with danger. He had never been so infuriated.

His mother was on his back and he still failed to keep her safe.

For the first time, Han Li felt the pain of being a True Demon. To fight their own betters while having their inferiors to protect on their back. This was hell for the ambitious.

Yet, as his mother numbly traded for the apt resource he told her to, he couldn't help but compose himself. He had to heal her first and foremost.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172 - 172: Calm before the storm?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After making his mother trade the Life-type resource in their hand for something that could heal and mend broken limbs, Han Li waited for the resource to arrive with bated breath. The Life Fruit in Han Li's hand had already vanished.

Han Li took a deep breath.

He was a cold man, a man as cold as ice. Time had made his soul one made of obsidian. He could endure pain himself to a point even the other Transcendents would be stunned if they knew it. He was cruel to others. He could kill anyone other than a few without even blinking. Yet, he was just as cruel to himself.

He could, without batting an eye, hurt himself to achieve what he wanted.

Yet, seeing his mother squirming in pain as blood dripped through her clothing, he couldn't help but grit his teeth. Yet, he consoled himself: 'This is just temporary. Everything temporary would be fine when the time comes. Impermanent things are worth as much as an ant; do not linger on pain. Search for the solution.'

Crrrrrr!

The space in front of Han Li, the literal atmosphere, trembled slightly. A drop of golden liquid fell from the sky out of nowhere and transformed into a hot red fruit. Han Li was stunned and didn't know what was happening at first before he realized it. Yet, he didn't take the time to contemplate and quickly took the fruit and moved to his mother.

Feeding her the fruit, he put her severed arm close to the bleeding stump, and she cried out in pain. He didn't have to wait for long before a searing red flame started to burn his mother's arm.

It was hot and painful, and Yue Li lost consciousness in the middle of it, but her hand was soon fixed and healed, down to her very bone fibers, and she was sleeping with ragged breath that turned calmer as time passed.

Han Li sighed calmly and his forehead sweaty, sighed.

They were in a cave now, and it was nearing night. The chill in the air was a bit discomforting, and the room was laden with shadows. In the middle, the mushroom bed was now covered in his mother's blood, yet she herself was now healthy. Her blood would be replaced by the healing energies in the fruit she had eaten.

His head slightly pounding with relentless questions, Han Li focused his gaze on thin air. The fruit, this time, had appeared out of thin air. Usually, something happens after the Luck Chat System is used, and as if reality and fate in itself were being tampered with, what he wants appears in his hand through coincidences.

What was the difference this time?

He knew it.

Magical Resources were said to be normal fruits and normal resources that had been blessed by heavenly energies. And then blessed by the Great Dao. It was a myth as old as the Sacred Demons, and there was no way to prove it, but after seeing what he had today, he had a theory.

The Heavens, as he had coined the consciousness that lets people perform Magic Powers, bless the fruit or other resources with a power of its own. As in, if it blesses a normal fruit with the power of Life Great Dao, it becomes a Life Type Resource. And this should be the case for every individual Dao.

Including all the 7 Great Daos—Water, Air, Earth, Fire, Darkness, Light, and Life—And the countless normal Daos ranging from Lust to anything else. All these Dao, in the end, belonged to the Heavens, and it was that entity that should also be blessing normal fruits and such to be so valuable.

So, the event of the immediate birth of a Life-type Fruit as a trade using his mom's System meant that the System in itself might be something that was even beyond the Heavens itself. Thinking of these, his thoughts returned to Li Shuanwei.

What was he?

He didn't use Magic Powers. He didn't use Heart Qi either.

Was it a Talent like Han Li himself?

The power stolen from the Heavens to make it his own?

Han Li didn't know, but he had a feeling none of these were the case. He was missing something. Something crucial. Just like how he still didn't know why the Heaven Rising had happened so soon. That crucial piece would tell him everything.

He almost felt like a beast that had been trapped inside a dark room for all his life; such a creature wouldn't know what light was. But Han Li already had a plan, and he knew he had to be quick. If Li Shuanwei were to fail in the Trial, he would be back in the real world in two or three more hours at the most. Yet, before doing anything like that, he also knew what he was missing.

His own shoulder bones were broken, and the flesh inside was mangled. Red eyes bright, Han Li carried his mother on his back and walked out of the cave. Then, he moved to a nearby pond and washed her off of blood. She briefly woke up, her head feeling like mush.

Han Li made her put both his sword and her knife into her Empty Space, and she once again fell unconscious.

Clean of blood, other than the still reddened clothes, hair and body wet, Han Li then moved towards the Southern Lust City. His eyes were calculating, and his mind was in a slight overdrive. He knew he was in an extremely disadvantageous situation with Li Shuanwei as his obvious enemy—Li Xingguang was his father, after all.

A Power Born could find and kill Han Li, as he was now, even if he went into hiding.

And the mere fact that Li Shuanwei knew his secrets alone made it a paramount need that he was dead. No matter what, as long as he lived, Han Li couldn't sleep calmly.

As the shadows of the forestry passed by, just before the dawn sun vanished into the horizon, Han Li reached the city gates and entered it without a second's waste. With eyes a calm pond, he passed by the Evolved guards and soon entered the crowded streets.

Heart just as calm as his gaze, he entered Starlight Zone and, passing the Evolved guardian of the wall who looked at him with a surprised, borderline stunned gaze, he went directly to his home. The door was locked, but Han Li pulled out an iron key from his own Empty Space and opened it.

Entering inside, he didn't see Liyue or Li Yao and was a bit worried at first, but he spread his Soul Sense towards the kitchen; the utensils were wet, and they seemed to have just eaten something. Then, he briefly walked near and found four women in the backyard—Liyue, Li Yao, Hua Feilan, and an unknown woman.

He would have used Life Vision on her, but he now had no time and didn't go to greet them. No one could sense his Heart Qi-infused Soul Sense, either. So, without waiting, he went into his room and found it neat and tidy. Han Li smiled.

Then, he gently laid his sleeping mother on the bed and took out the Demonic Lust Sutra book from under the bed. With a slightly pained frown, he touched his shoulder and sat to a side. Inside his Empty Space, he now had [3000 Dao Crystals] that could be used by any cultivator of any Dao and [121 Minor Dao Crystals of the Lust Dao], a total [3121 Cystals].

He only needed 1000 for him to achieve one more Transformation. Even though that would be his limit at the Evolution Stage, one more Transformation would atleast double his current strength.

He had planned to use these crystals to help Liyue and his mother achieve a better physique before breaking through to the Evolution Stage, but he no longer had such a choice. He would have to do that some other way.

He had set a time limit for himself already: in 2 hours, if what he was thinking of was wrong, he would have to run with his family. He knew a bunch of escape ways.

He calmly flipped to a page in the corpus left behind by the Lust Demon. The ultimate guide in the path of cultivation he had yet seen.

Skin Building, Tendon Stretching, Bone Forging, Blood Condensation, Flesh Transformation, Organ Strengthening, and Physique Perfection.

Of them, he had already completed Skin and Organ, while Physique Perfection was only possible to be trained as the last Transformation. Now, his choices were Bone, Blood, Tendons, or Flesh.

The bone would give him improved strength and defense, making him almost unkillable by Evolved. They can't harm his bones, his skin, and organs. How can they kill him?

He would be invincible under Power Birth.

Atleast by conventional senses. Unless they had a weapon as sharp as his mom's knife or had Mastery of a weapon that would allow them to cut through his skin like he himself could cut through.

If he chose Blood Condensation, he would gain regenerative abilities and could heal even better than Nu Kai from the fourth trial. He could heal every part of him that is already Transformed. He would be able to heal his skin and organs very quickly. Yet, it wouldn't be able to heal his bones, flesh, or tendons. So, that was out.

Then Tendons. If he transformed it, he would be far faster than Nu Kai. He would be like a blur to almost any Evolved in the entire continent unless they have a Light Type Beast Transformation of their own. Yet even then, he would be nearly on par even if they were Sacred Talents.

Then there was flesh. Flesh would give him regenerative power, which wasn't anywhere nearly as good as blood, and a bit of defensive prowess, too. Yet, he would still be vulnerable to bone-breaking attacks.

So what should he choose as his last body Transformation in the Evolved Stage?

His head spun. And soon, he knew what to do. Indecision was vital, after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173 - 173: Choice of Transformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li took a deep breath. His choices were laid bare. He could either choose the Tendons for achieving an extreme level of speed or he could choose the Bones to achieve an extreme level of defense and offense. Almost no other Evolved in the entire continent would stand a chance against him in a fight if he chose either of them.

Flesh was too weak defensively and too lacking in regenerative powers. Even the strength addition by that Transformation was subpar at best. But Han Li did have some curiosity towards it since in his past life, he had cultivated 5 Transformations and knew all of the 5 Special Abilities that he would get after Transforming them.

The only two Special Abilities he didn't know of—which should awaken after each completed Transformation—were Flesh Transformation and Physique Perfection. All of the rest, ranging from Skin, Organs, Bone, Blood, and Tendons, he knew what Special Ability awaited him in the end.

Just like how he knew Transforming his Skin would give him Vibration and Organs would give him the ability to absorb Stamina. He quickly came to a decision.

Bones would be a really good addition. He had enough Dao Crystals to immediately finish his Transformation but at the same time, one thing made him hesitate. He just couldn't go on to choose the option due to one significant thing.

Should he do it?

There was no room for hesitation in this world, but he hesitated.

In totality, it was believed and known that there were "300" Magic Powers in each normal Dao and "3000" Normal Daos under all Seven Great Daos.

So, if he could cultivate and use enough crystals to use every Magic Power among the 300 under the Lust Dao, ten times each, and turn all of them into his Talents, would he then come to own the entire Dao?

Which would better help him through this current predicament—either escaping or going through other ways—was it a better body or the complete ownership over the Dao of Lust?

Would he become stronger than if he used the [3121 Crystals] in his hand for something else? He just needed a thousand for the current Transformation, but he wouldn't be able to gain all three hundred Magic Powers as his Talents. Sweat beaded on his forehead.

The choice was vital. What would give him more power quickly?

One was unknown, and one was known. A long minute passed. The room was silent, his mother's breaths were calm. Night had fallen now, so the room was soon in a dead silence. Hesitation. No matter how experienced one got, who can say proudly that they wouldn't ever hesitate?

With one deep sigh, Han Li closed his eyes. There was no need to hesitate. His eyes snapped open, and he skipped to a particular page.

"Attain bones similar to mine by cultivating this method to perfection—Bone forging."

When in need, relying on luck had never been his style. What if gaining all 300 Abilities was not good but instead something bad? What if that would cause him to—atleast temporarily—lose all his powers?

Even thinking of it had been a wrong move. His palm moved, and he tore the silk-like paper containing the Bone Forging methods. He scrunched the paper up into a ball and to the size of his palm. The paper vanished from his hand.

His consciousness flowed into the Empty Space. His Minor Dao Soul of Lust was, as usual, bright and semi-transparent. In the dark world, it stood calmly, faintly glowing organs visible under its semi-transparent Skin. It was growing more stable by the day, almost like a red version of himself.

All around, there were specks of bright crystals present, some red in color while some transparent.

He chanted an ancient verse in the Bone Forging paper. It was a long and complicated verse. A spell of sorts.

The crumpled paper moved into the Minor Dao Soul and soon began to morph amidst the organs, slowly moving itself into the position of the bones. The spine, the ribs, the every other bone. The bone marrow running inside the bone to the outer layers of the bone was like iron bars tightly wrapping around his insides.

It connected to the organs, to the skin, to everything. It was like a boneless, essence-less thing was suddenly puffed by air. His Dao Soul became substantially more solid and almost moved out of its semi-transparent mode. Almost.

Then, with a startle, he opened his eyes to the real world and bent over on the bed. His nerves grew taut. They bulged. His face grew ashen. First Transformations were always painful, but bones, especially, were a hurdle unlike any other. Time passed, and pain filled him to his core.

In prior Transformations, tearing the skin away for a new one wasn't that hard. Organs changing, he had ended up unconscious.

Yet, the Spine changing and skeleton changing was the worse, and his head spun, and his gaze darkened right after the pain passed. With a blurry gaze, he fell on the bed.

…

It only took half an hour for Han Li to return to himself. He took weak breaths and sat up from the bed, sweaty. He was stinking, too—adventures in the wild for more than three days wouldn't be easy to wash off with five minutes in a pond. He was stinking badly. Yet, who cared for smell?

There had been a time when he hadn't washed for 17 years straight. This was nothing in comparison. He took deep breaths, focused on his hand, and used Life Vision. His eyes spun slightly from the lingering nausea.

_

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Lifespan: 420 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 121]

[Neutral Dao Crystals: 3000]

[Talent: Sacred]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: Above Average Evolved Physique]

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin—Vibrating Skin]

[Organ Strengthening Completed—Healthy Organs—Vitality Channeling]

[Bone Forging: 1% Completion]

—

With calm eyes, he used all 121 Lust Dao Crystals inside him on the Dao Soul—on the Bones for exact—and the completion process rose.

[Bone Forging: 12% Completion]

With calmness, he used 879 of the Neutral Dao Crystals, and the process was complete.

[Bone Forging: 99%]

[Bone Forging: 100%]

His skin reddened slightly as an influx of energy coursed through his bones. His whole body felt a sort of warmth and relaxation. His broken shoulder bone and rib had already been fixed, but the flesh in his shoulder was still mangled, and it was a hindering thing. Yet, he calmly closed his eyes. He seemed to shine in an ethereal red light for a second. His everything slowly ascended.

From cell to bone to organs to other parts, as a virtuous cycle, he became stronger. With a deep growl that echoed across the room, mist seemed to escape his mouth as he clenched his hand. Air blasted out of his palm in a sort of explosion.

For the first time since he had regressed, he felt slightly, ever so slightly, strong. A chuckle escaped him as he once again used his Life Vision.

_

[Han Li] [Age: 18]

[Lifespan: 420 Years]

[Minor Lust Dao Crystals: 0]

[Neutral Dao Crystals: 2121]

[Talent: Sacred]

[Current Cultivation: Evolution Stage]

[Body: High-Tier Evolved Physique]

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin—Vibrating Skin]

[Organ Strengthening Completed—Healthy Organs—Vitality Channeling]

[Bone Forging Completed—Forged Bones—Fused Blade]

—

His Body had become High-Tier from Above Average. That was his base stats.

His bones had been tempered to a limit. His bones were now similar to those of the Sacred Demon. The mighty and perfect creatures born in the Seven Continents.

One had to know that even Sacred Talent Transformation Type Cultivators would only have [High Tier Evolved Physiques] without Transforming into their Beast Form. When they Transform, they would become Top Tier in all categories of the body. Surpassing the Top Tier in some of them, like Nu Kai, surpassed the Top Tier in the Speed department.

Han Li surpassed Top Tier in Endurance. His Stamina and Defense were on a level of their own. His Strength was also faintly above the Top Tier now. His Speed was still barely touching the mark for High, but if he used his Magic Power—Elusive Movement—that would become Top Tier. The only thing he lacked was rejuvenation.

In simpler words, he was already Top-tier in everything except Speed and Rejuvenation for an Evolution Stage Cultivator. He even surpassed the top tier in endurance, strength, and stamina. Yet, in the regeneration department, he was just High-Tier.

Yes, his body did have above-decent regenerative powers now, but that wasn't something that would help him in a fight. He could heal big wounds in hours or something, but that was useless.

The Sacred Talented Transformation Cultivators were all like that. Only when they transformed into their Beast forms would they be able to have top-tier instant healing prowess. He lamented slightly at the sole remaining weakness of himself that was so glaring.

Even though Lust Dao was a Dao under the Great Dao of Life, it lacked a decent regeneration Magic Power when he was not in a bed having sex. So it was natural he lacked an option there. He sighed.

Atleast, he was far stronger now.

He looked out through the windows. There should still be about two hours remaining, at the very least, before Li Shuanwei returns. And he was also not supposed to be in the city when the Heaven Rising began. So he will have to continue with his plan—A plan which, if successful, would let him stay in the city and maybe even get rid of the threat from the bud—or, if it didn't work within an hour, run.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174 - 174: Green
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

His eyes calmly roamed the dark room, and he stood up from the bed. He stretched a bit, making popping sounds echo out of his body, like numerous gears switching into place. With a calm gait, he looked into the mirror in the room.

His appearance hadn't changed much, but it had changed. He had become leaner. Slimmer. His hair was still pure black chaos above his head; it had become healthier at a glance, and normal people would struggle to even cut his hair; it fell to his shoulder, still having a bit of blood sticking to it on the edges. His skin still looked sun-tanned. His eyes were like blood, scarlet.

On the middle of his forehead stood three rather eye-catching tiny little red mole-like marks.

Each mark was a mark of completion of one of the seven Transformations—Skin, Organ, Bone. His body in itself felt as if it had more substance overall. An unsheathed blade seemed an apt word to describe him.

A smile curved his lips. Strength indeed came with beauty. He wasn't one to say no to that. Even though he wouldn't have minded the opposite.

He then looked at his hand, at his [Talents] list using Life Vision.

_

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

_

Lack of Lust allowed him to manipulate his own or other people's lust and make it void. To a state of lack. Fantasy Inducement allowed him to make people have brief moments of thought-lapse, making them forget something. Sensational Barrier allowed him to bar people's senses for a short time. Seduction allowed him to seduce others.

The most overpowered and signature Power of the Lust Spark was honestly Seduction once used well.

He hadn't needed to use it like that, but it was true. If it was used to its limit, slowly, people could be completely changed to seduced slaves by their own emotion of lust and, in turn, to his slave.

It was much more potent than drugs.

Yet, it was useless for Han Li at the same time.

Low-level powers only worked on Evolved and lower-stage creatures. He would need Medium Level Powers for him to use on Power Born and High-Level Powers for it to work on Transcendent.

He contemplated for a while.

His Talent list was already quite good, but it was still lacking. For offense, he mainly used his sword since no Magical Power of the Lust Dao could come nearly close to his prowess with a sword. But Fantasy Inducement always helped him to confuse his enemies.

For Defense, his skin was better than anything else; now, he also had his Bone supporting that. What he lacked now was a Movement assisting Magic Power, and he also had something that he wished to test. With a thought, he walked beside his mother and checked her forehead. It was a bit hot due to the injury earlier, but the fruit had done its magic on her; she was completely healed already.

Sitting there beside her, he began chanting the verse for the Magic Power Elusive Movement. He pained at the wastage of the Neutral Dao Crystals, but it was best to be as strong as he could be now.

What the Magic Power Elusive Movement did was that it manipulated the lust of the people around the user of the Power and made their senses hallucinate that the user of the Power was moving elusively like a blur. And even though it didn't directly improve his speed, it was rather useful still. He wasn't faster, but it would appear so.

A total of six Crystals were used before the chant stopped working, and the Magic Power vanished from all of the Seven Continents. Even if some other person with a Minor Dao Soul of Lust tried to cast the Power, they would only fail.

At the same time, another Talent was added to Han Li's list. It was akin to an instinct of his own. With a thought, without any Energy loss, he would be able to easily use this Power from now on.

_

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

[Low-level Elusive Movement]

_

He was almost ready for another battle now, but at the same time, not yet.

His shoulder area had completely ravaged flesh, and he was also bleeding internally. It would be hell to treat him traditionally. His skin would be too tough to operate on for normal people in the first place, and he didn't want to go to the healing area inside the Starlight Zone.

But he did have other ways to quickly heal himself.

He opened his mother's jaw and put two of his fingers into her mouth. A slick sensation surrounded his hand as she silently bit him on instinct. He smiled as a humongous portion of his stamina coursed through his hand into her. She must be feeling as if her whole body was in heat. Just about a minute later, she opened her eyes.

The first thing she saw was his hand in her mouth; she felt him play with her tongue using his fingers and, for another minute, stayed silent. All over her body, she felt as if he was hugging her. As if Han Li's aura of life itself was coursing through her. She groaned slightly.

Opening her mouth, he took his fingers out.

Groggy, she sat up with his help and muttered, "Another dose of stamina down my throat… my head is aching so bad I feel as if it would split. Xiao Li, where are we?"

"Maybe I injected a bit too much stamina. Should I take some back?"

She shook her head, trying to gouge where they were but failing to think anything comprehensive. "I feel like I'd fall right onto the bed if I don't have this much stamina. What do you want?"

"Give me my sword and all the important things that are in your Empty Space. Keep Little Ruo and Yuanfen inside for the moment. And also help me trade something. You can go back to sleep after that."

She blinked slightly with blurry vision and waved her hand and, one by one, took out what he wanted. He also took out the things in his own space. A long minute passed, and leaning closer to him, she kissed his cheeks with heavy breaths. She was feeling feverish.

[Luck Trade] A golden screen appeared in front of her.

He handed her one of the three Water-type resources that he had stolen in the Demon World from a rag-tag team by killing them using the borrowed knife that was the Power Born high up in the Sky—Saintess Moon Fairy. He had two more, but he kept it secure to the side.

One of them vanished, the trade having been made. She spoke softly in his ear just before falling into her bed slowly: "Don't get in danger, Xiao Li. Just sleep next to me. I feel a bit weak."

Han Li adjusted her form and caressed her cheek. Gently pinching it. "I'll try not to get in danger."

He knew the Life-Type fruit was still working inside her to heal her. Each and every part of her was healing. It was a good thing in a sense; even her hidden ailments would vanish when she woke up. But till then, she would be groggy and lethargic.

He, on the other hand, waited calmly.

Suddenly, the door to his room was pushed open, and a woman entered the room. She had a rather calm expression, pale face, green hair, and green eyes, in a green robe. There was a sensation of calm throughout her person. Just by standing there, she emitted an innately confident aura full of calm superiority to all other lifeforms surrounding her. She appeared cold and distant by nature.

Like a leaf billowing in the wind, her hair floated as she moved.

Han Li frowned slightly but looked at her calmly. Until his calm broke.

She was the woman that he had seen in the backyard alongside Hua Feilan, Li Yao, and Liyue. He hadn't bothered to even use Life Vision on her, but now, looking at her with it, his heart skipped a beat. No, it skipped more than two beats.

He took a deep breath and calmed down.

[Hua Yu] [Age: 299]

[Current Cultivation: Power Birth]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Power Birth, Intermediate Dao Soul of Moss]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Power Birth, Intermediate Dao Soul of Moss]

[Death: (in the last Premonition) At age 390, she was pulled into the depths of the ocean by a Beast King Octopus and then drowned to Death in the middle of her escape attempt. Suffocating.]

She was a Power Born he had heard about in his past life. He had never seen her, but he knew the name. He knew her famous Death. She had been eaten by the Octopus Beast King, but she was not one to die without leaving behind a surprise.

The whole body of that beast was completely filled with moss, and two days later, it floated above the sea like a dead husk devoured by moss. This woman was no simple person. Han Li exhaled.

Why was such a woman here?

More than that, however, was the hair on his nape standing up.

He had been too uncautious since this was his own home, but what was now spread in front of him was a literal haul of treasures.

Two Water Dao Resources were not that big of a deal; the knife was obviously extraordinary, and there were two beast cores. One from the snake he had killed in the Demon World and another from the vine he had killed when underwater before entering the Demon World. There was also a bunch of red fruits. Then there was his inconspicuous Life Sword. On the side was his Demonic Lust Sutra Book.

Had he known she was a Power Born, he would have known that she could sense him when he entered the home. Had he known.

Luckily, he hadn't pulled out the Neutral Dao Crystals.

Yet, his throat grew parched.

The woman looked at him, her green eyes full of serenity. Then, her gaze moved to Yue Li who was in servant robes full of blood smattering its surface. She couldn't help but frown her beautiful beautiful eyebrows.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175 - 175: The nosy old crone, Hua Yu
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The woman looked at him, her green eyes full of serenity. Then, her gaze moved to Yue Li. Wearing servant robes, full of blood smattering its surface. A long silence stretched between them.

"Han Li?" Hua Yu asked.

"I am," Han Li replied.

Her gaze lingered on the blood spots and very visible hickeys on Yue Li's body. There were a lot of details on her body that showed strain, a sexual experience that happened recently, and tiredness.

She saw even more details with a Soul Sense as powerful as hers: Yue Li was feverish, tired, and completely spent.

"You… forced yourself on her?" She asked, her face becoming a picture of disgust. They looked similar. So this must be his mother.

Han Li's heart skipped a beat. "Of course not. She is my Mother. We have a very unique relationship."

She didn't have much of a reaction to that other than a loosening of her brows. That was fine, then.

Her eyes moved to Han Li. He had blood spots too, but now that she looked closely, both of them seemed to have made a half-assed attempt at cleaning themselves, but they were obviously still unclean and filthy. Just that they had wet hair.

She had indeed been hinted before that Han Li had a special relationship with his Mother by Hua Feilan. Liyue had told it to her.

"Where were you till now?" she asked. She was curious.

Han Li's gaze turned cold as if he didn't know the person before him was a Power Born who could kill him without much trouble. He didn't want to be scraped inside out for his secrets.

Yet. No matter whether Hua Yu was an Ethereal or Transformation Type Power Born, he would be easy prey. He wouldn't be able to react to Medium Tier Magic Spells or even an Average Power Born Physique. He would die before he blinked.

He calmly asked, "Who are you to ask that? Why should I answer you?"

In other words, mind your own business.

He knew she wouldn't fight another Power Born for a stranger like him anyway. Not that he couldn't use her presence in other ways. Maybe no, she might even fight for him. His thoughts spun.

She blinked.

"Hua Yu. Friend of your hired mercenary, Hua Feilan. She had far outworked her pay because of your disappearance. Thus you owe us an explanation."

Han Li chuckled. Coldly.

"Outworked? Spending time with my hardworking Liyue and my mother-in-law is not much hard work, I believe. And have you never learned of any manners? You are supposed to knock before entering."

"I could tell you the same. Entering this house like a burglar," She frowned at the crass words. And this had been her room for a while since there were only two rooms in this house.

Should she awe him with her power?

She added, not wanting to be seen as a cultureless person even by a youth not even a quarter her age. "And I also waited till you stopped cultivating whatever you were cultivating. I even waited for you to wake up after losing consciousness before I entered."

She had just become a bit worried when she noticed that Yue Li had woken up and quickly fallen asleep. Or she would have watched from outside a bit longer to see if something interesting was happening inside.

Han Li's heart skipped another beat.

Bone Forging completing had made a faint red aura appear around the area. She must have seen it. That was not that big of an issue.

Did she see his Mother's System working? Did she see how one of the Water Resources had vanished?

That could be an issue. He hoped she thought it was just put into the Empty Space. He thankfully had an explanation for that since his mother's Empty Space could hold it now.

He said calmly, "I do not have to knock since this is my home. Ask either Liyue or Li Yao, and they won't say this isn't a norm. I am not on to knock, and they do not mind it."

While speaking, he calmly covered his mom's body under a blanket. He had to bathe her, but she had to sleep for now.

"I see. You have quite a tongue for a junior," she said with a lot of irritation. Han Li felt a weight press down on him. "I have been hearing a lot about you and was curious what kind of man you were. Liyue's boasts and Li Yao's silent approval seemed to have been ill-placed. An arrogant young man, nothing more."

Arrogant?

Bitch, you entered my house. My room. Checked on me with your soul sense. Yet I am arrogant for telling you to mind your business?

But he knew, if he was more powerful, he wouldn't mind such things either. Manners and societal rules were just flimsy barriers for the strong.

The pressure vanished, and Han Li stood up. A wry smile on his face.

He was rather lucky.

She had noticed the knife's uniqueness and how sharp it was, but she didn't care for it, or at least it seemed so for now. Had she wanted it, he was ready to give it away.

Adding to the luck, she couldn't read the Demonic Lust Sutra without one of the seven Sacred Eyes. And she wouldn't have realized the book's specialty by peeping. His Life Sword seemed like any other normal sword. She would deign to lower herself to steal his Water-type resources. He had been unnecessarily cautious.

This was no longer the Demon World, where the world had suddenly split into two parts: kindness and greed. Here, people were tamer and more held back.

Even if she was a greedy woman—which he doubted she was—she wouldn't so blatantly snatch things from him. Unless, of course, she planned to kill him. Or she had a quirky personality. Which was often the case with these old women.

"Junior?" Han Li was 'stunned.'

Why would a young-looking woman like the person before him call him a junior?

She looked younger than even his mother.

A silence passed.

Then, he grew contemplative and sighed. But he didn't grovel. Powerful people didn't hate arrogant people, but they did have a dislike for those who groveled. As far as he could judge, this woman was like that. Judging could be wrong for sure, but he could take his chances.

"Apologies, Senior." He bowed slightly. "I don't know who you were. I am just too tired after what I have gone through, especially after seeing my mom so hurt... As you can see, if you use Soul Sense, she is healing; her hand had been chopped off by someone of my own clan.

"He could also arrive here at any time to remove grass from its roots. I am very worked up even now. So, you can't blame me. Please show mercy."

He already saw her as a tool that could help him get through his current predicament more easily than his first plan—She didn't really have to help him. He could use her in many ways.

Hua Yu squinted. Her Soul Sense traveled around Yue Li for a second, searching her hand for such wounds, and her eyes widened. "The aura of the Life Dao! She ate a Life Dao Resource!"

A brief flicker appeared in Han Li's eyes. There was no greed in this woman's eyes. Not a bit. What was she? A log of wood? Or was she that good at hiding her emotions?

Greedy would have been easier to manipulate. Yet, he sighed with a tired expression.

"Heaven Rising," he groaned in pain. His own shoulder was a work of wreck. Her quick soul-sense sweep also told her that this time. "We were risen to the heavens and then forced into the Demon World. Supposedly, the Sacred Demon's Empty Space. Then forced into ridiculous trials of murder and bloodshed.

That was where I was till now, with my mother. I won the resource as one of the trials."

Hua Yu came closer and checked Yue Li's forehead for heat.

She also began muttering strange verses, and a green light spread from her hand, slowly worming through Yue Li's body. Han Li didn't stop her.

[Medium Level Magic Power of the Moss Dao—Parasite Healing.]

Yue Li had been temporarily turned into a parasite sucking off Hua Yu's health, like a moss to a tree. So, she was healed a bit. Even though that was unnecessary.

Han Li was not familiar with the power, but he knew what kind it was by her verses. He could have been better at the language of those verses, but he was quite proficient in understanding the meaning. He knew it would heal and not harm.

Not that he would have been able to fight against her if she wished to harm.

"Very many gratitudes, Senior." He bowed down even more. "This junior has sinned by not giving proper respect."

Hua Yu looked at him and cupped her jaws.

"I wouldn't have helped after that, honestly. I would have just left. But Liyue's 'teacher' had left a big impression on me. You taught her the spear?"

Han Li took a deep breath, his cogs spinning.

"I did."

She had a lot of intrusive questions she would like to ask of this arrogant and rather mystifying youngster, but she decided to go slow. She could see it was growing confusing for him.

"What Dao do you cultivate? I can sense that you are an Evolved…" She wondered if he was 18 for truth or whether that was a lie, "but people around seemed to have considered you a Spark-Less."

Han Li himself had chosen to show her his cultivation by not hiding it using his Heart Qi, or she wouldn't have sensed it.

That would be way too obvious once Li Shuanwei comes back. Chaos was sure on the way; he might as well reduce the impact by hiding as much of his powers as possible. He might as well try to use this woman to his advantage somehow.

But Han Li couldn't help but curse inside.

She really was an invasive person.

Had it been the old him, he would have yelled: Fuck, mind your own business, bitch! And he felt exactly like shouting that.

Then he also thought of Monk Hen Shin, who had promised him to arrive here within three months to see Little Ruo's well-being. All sorts of mess was going to disturb his cultivation.

He sighed, "This junior very much dislikes violence. I am a very ascetic person. Me and my family of four usually stay in our home without disturbing—"

She waved her hand. "I asked what Dao your Dao Soul has, not all that."

"The Dao of Lust."

"… Life Type Dao regarding Lust? No wonder. Ethereal or Transformation?"

What is this woman?

His nerves bulged inside.

"I… am a Sacred Talent Transformation Type cultivator. But for some reason, my Spark cannot help me transform, so I do not have a Beast Transformation." He knew such a disease did exist. Where Transformation type Cultivators lose their power to Transform.

Since he didn't want to tell this woman he had a body as good as his while being an Ethereal, that was the best choice.

"Ah, I have heard about that disease before." The woman nodded, a profound expression on her face. She herself was nearly 300 years old, she had quite a lot of experience. She took out a Water-Type resource from her Empty Space.

"I can't heal internal bleeding. Eat this; it will reverse the blood flow inside you, and I will use my powers to heal you then."

Han Li looked at the fruit. A very sour expression behind his passive face.

That was the fruit that he had traded for using Luck Trade earlier. He humbly took it and ate it. His internal bleeding did reverse, and she used the healing power on him.

Even as he healed, he couldn't help but scheme.

He had never had to be questioned like this, and he knew this spelled a bit of trouble. Curiosity could easily turn into greed, and greed could turn into more.

He was not getting a chance to complete his own little schemes either. This was a Power Born. A well and truly dangerous one.

He knew if he tried to use petty schemes like the one he used on Saintess Moon Fairy, he would end up mossed to death. There was no doubt.

But he could tell she wasn't a completely insensible Power Born by his rather probing attitude of arrogance earlier. Maybe she might help him through this predicament by just asking honestly?

He knew what was on the way.

And this woman could either be a foe or an extremely useful ally. He first had to gouge a bit more. But he became much more casual.

Indeed, chaos was the best place of opportunity. He had many ways to go with this.

He shifted the conversation to another topic, "We entered the Demon World. That was a world of its own…"

That sparked her curiosity. He gave her an in-depth explanation of the trials and that place in general and what kind of chaos had happened there. She listened curiously.

A meeting of geniuses arranged in heaven by the Sacred Demon?

How novel.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176 - 176: Enemy-to-be, I greet you with gratefulness.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Half an hour of discussion passed like a cloud passing through the dark skies. Han Li had the patience of a turtle when he had to be patient, and thus, he calmly spoke about the intriguing things of the Demon World. Like a young girl trapped in the hymn of storytellers, Hua Yu grew entranced.

Like all cultivators, she was also a person who wished to learn of the Dao. Who else to know more of it than the Sacred Demons? A Demon World?

What was a Demon World?

It supposedly roamed above the skies like a star. If she flew high enough, can she see it?

She was a Power Born; she could fly, after all. Yet, after learning more about it, she understood it was a place riddled with traps and set-ups of the Sacred Demon, where Sacred Talent cultivators all arrived to fight in a trial. All of that made her contemplative. The world's order would shift, and heroic youngsters would rise in the hundreds.

And the young man in front of her was one such person. Someone destined to rise among the mob. Not only the single Sacred Talent, but even his Mother was a Sacred Talent. That made her curious. Han Li even showed her a knife, a knife that could cut down anything below the Power Birth level of strength, like Tofu.

She was entranced and researched it to find it was made of a Beast King's body part. No wonder it was so strong. But she curiously threw it back to him. At the same time, Han Li also explained to her his current peril and might as well see where it goes.

Li Shuanwei, how he was so weird, and how he would attack them to remove the roots. How Li Xingguang, the Starlight Clan Head, was that man's father and how they were in danger. After hearing it, Hua Yu had a whole other expression.

She grew solemn. Playing with these Evolved chicks were one thing, and the Power Borns were another. She also knew that Li Shuanwei was a figure much more noteworthy than Han Li himself.

That youth had been captured by a Power Born. Yet, he survived?

That was one thing.

He survived when the Power Born obviously had negative intentions!

How?

And what is this attack that Han Li mentioned severed his hand in one chop. No chant, no action, just chop. What a curious young man. She couldn't help but have her bells of intrigue ring. Yet, she smirked, "Why are you trying to twist my attention away from you to another man? You certainly seem to hate my attention."

"How can that be? This one is honored."

She squinted, her green eyes bright with curiosity.

"So why did you tell me all this? You want me to help you get out of this danger?"

Han Li bowed deeply. There was no need for more words. Yet, she grew serious and said, "I am not as strong as Li Xingguang. Not even nearly. At most, I could fight him for two hours before he…" She showed the action of an arm slitting her neck. "I'd die.

And I don't plan to die."

Calmly, Han Li asked, "I don't want you to fight him. I can get him off the scene. I just want you to stand behind me in a little scheme I am trying to pull."

"Oh?" Her curiosity was picked.

She was a Power Born. She didn't have any fear of Li Xingguang, just genuine caution. If she could hoodwink him without any disadvantages, she was all in. Cultivation was an all-in game, after all. Of course, she wouldn't do it if she didn't feel confident.

"So be it. Tell me the plan. I have a liking for Liyue and I am curious. Yet be warned, a simple liking I gained for a girl in just one week won't make me put my life on the line. I wouldn't be bothered to listen if I didn't have my own benefits in this. Benefits that are solid enough to make me move."

Can he even give something like that to her? She was curious.

Han Li straightened.

A smile on his face, and a normal red cherry appeared in his hand. "This…"

She wanted benefits that could make her move?

Okay, I'll give it to you.

***

Night had fallen. Han Li's breath frosted as he walked through the Starlight Zone. His eyes were calm. He was going to go through with his first plan, which he had cooked up right after returning to the real world. He didn't know how well it would go, but it shouldn't turn disastrous.

Soon enough, he reached the central part of the Starlight Zone and looked up at the flagpole. This was the area where the Awakening Ceremonies used to happen. Yet, he didn't stop and walked around the area till he reached a manor. An empty but rather huge manor.

In front of the manor, a young man, someone Han Li was very familiar with, was standing. He had a bored expression and was cultivating in a lotus position. Hearing the noise of Han Li's footsteps, he opened his eyes.

His eyes immediately brightened. "Han Li!" he exclaimed, but then immediately noticed the woman beside Han Li who was walking hand in hand with him, like a couple. His eyes widened like two saucers, and he pointed at the smirking Han Li.

"You..you pull… pulled a…" Yet he immediately stopped and bowed down, beads of sweat forming on his back. "Exalted Power Born, My Clan Head would have been joyous to host a banquet for you if you announced your arrival."

Han Li smiled. Then feeling a tug at his hand by Hua Yu, he left her hand. That meant Li Xingguang had spread his Soul Sense here, and even though Han Li noticed it, it was a second later than Hua Yu herself. His Heart Qi didn't make his senses sharper. It only made his own Soul Sense harder to sense.

But being holding hands when his Soul Sense was spread and Li Xingguang having seen it, the seed was already in the soil. He just had to add some magical water once he met the man.

"Li Ming," Han Li spoke, chuckling in his tone, a perfect image of a contended man. "I heard your harem of men are becoming bigger by the day? You are faster than me in making your own gang."

Li Ming's eyes lit up. "You are also making a harem of men?"

Han Li's face darkened. "What?"

Hua Yu smiled slightly, as if Han Li being made a fool of like that made her happy. But then, a calm flow of fireflies suddenly jumped around them, like little stars, and formed a word: Enter. Li Ming immediately bowed even deeper.

Hua Yu walked past Li Ming with a curious glint in her eyes before Han Li walked past him, but he stopped and kicked the man on the way. "I only love women. Never repeat it." That seemed like a simple kick, but Li Ming was pushed quite far away, and with Li Xingguang's perceptive eye, he should have noticed Han Li was far stronger than a simple Spark-less.

Li Ming growled in grievance. He should go and vent his sadness on his new harem member.

Calmly, Han Li entered the manor of his soon-to-be enemy, a smile like sunflowers on his face as he quickly reached beside Hua Yu and walked into a room together with her. The hallway was wide and minimalistic, but the room itself was the most minimalistic of all. Just a simple room with nothing inside but a man seated in the lotus position.

[Li Xingguang] [Age: 230]

[Current Cultivation: Power Birth Stage]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Power Birth, Starlight Dao]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Power Birth, Starlight Dao]

[Death: (in the last Premonition) at age 235, Killed by Yang Wei of the Bone Clan after inciting a war between the three clans of Raven, Rock, and Starlight.]

A man in white robes, his face radiating the energy of youth and his long black hair cascading toward the ground. He seemed like the picture of a mature man that women would dream of in their poetic dreams. His casual white robes flew in the wind.

Even though he had gotten interesting news, Han Li appeared as calm as a rock as he moved before the man. He didn't have to think of anything; for now, Li Xingguang was his target.

"Clan Head, this descendant greets you." He cupped his fists and, seeing the cue, sat in front of his ancestor in the lotus position.

Hua Yu walked beside them and took out a chair from her Empty Space before sitting on it. She looked down at both of them, a curious glint hidden behind her serene green eyes.

Both Han Li and Li Xingguang had their eyebrows twitched. Yet, they didn't address it.

"What do you visit for, Lady Hua Yu?" Obviously, Li XIngguang didn't have any reason to show him any face, and he didn't. To him, Han Li was just a junior.

Hua Yu shook her hand. "Not me, it's your descendant. Ask him."

Li Xingguang wondered inside with a lot of hesitation: 'Did this Han Li really make this old crone Hua Yu fall for him? She was already famous when I was born…' He didn't think so, but they had no reason to act. Why would she act like this? Unless, of course, she had brought other Power Born here to ambush him, which didn't seem likely.

After all, even if he was attacked 3 on one by Power Borns, he had the confidence to last till the other two Clan heads, Raven and Rock, came for rescue. Yet, he still thought of a worst-case scenario just in case and increased his wariness. No way this old crone fell for this young man. Even though he was his own descendant by a long distance.

Was he here to speak some kind of benefit? Why was Hua Yu protecting him? It was subtle but he noticed she had some kind of relationship with the boy. Is it because of Shan Liyue or Li Yao?

Hua Yu had been staying there, so of course, he had researched them all. Han Li included. Even Pang Li, the fat merchant and father of Liyue, who was in a distant city, was researched by him.

"Let me speak, Clan Head." Han Li flourished his sleeves. Elegantly presenting himself before speaking, "You should know that I healed my Mother-in-law, Li Yao, right?"

Li Xingguang raised his eyebrows. "Yes, I do remember that."

Han Li calmly waved his hand, and a Dao Crystal appeared in his palm. "Dao Crystals of Lust. I am an Evolved cultivator with the Dao of Lust."

Li Xingguang's eyes widened, and Hua Yu smiled, waving her hand as if she were removing some kind of magic cast on Han Li. Han Li removed the Heart Qi hiding his cultivation.

Now his ancestor could clearly sense Han Li's cultivation. An Evolved!

Li XIngguang's ascetic calm changed into the pressure of a star's light. "Many things seem to be happening in my own clan when I hadn't noticed. Why don't you elaborate now?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177 - 177: Was this carelessness?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li calmly waved his hand and a Dao Crystal appeared in his palm. "Dao Crystals of Lust. I am an Evolved cultivator with the Dao of Lust."

Li Xingguang's ascetic calm changed into the pressure of a star's light. Like an oppressive heat pressing down on them, like gravity itself pushing them down. Han Li's face changed slightly but Hua Yu was calm.

"Many things seem to be happening in my own clan when I hadn't noticed." The Clan Head's expression was not so cordial. "Why don't you elaborate now?"

Han Li cupped his hand, talking while feeling the pressure mounting on him. He knew what this pressure was. The Soul Sense. Power Borns have Soul Sense that literally worked as psychokinesis, moving reality with thought. That was why they could fly in the first place. They used their Soul Sense on themselves.

"My father had the Lust Spark and instead of inheriting my mother's Starlight Spark, I was born with a Lust Spark."

The weight over him vanished. Smilingly, Hua Yu had placed a hand on his shoulder and her eyes had lost their friendliness. Li Xingguang's heart tightened.

"Continue," He said, looking at Han Li with deep eyes.

Han Li said humbly. "I wanted to train my Heart of Cultivation being in the middle of a place where everyone considered me a waste of space. I strengthened my Heart throughout the past few years."

"Do you see me as a fool, Hua Yu?" Li Xingguang's tone wasn't too friendly either. He usually disliked violence, but he wasn't so meek. "You literally used some kind of magic on my descendant and let him roam in my backyard. Do you think I appreciate that?"

Hua Yu sighed. "Listen to your descendant first."

The man's deep, night-like eyes moved to Han Li. Han Li continued: "I am terribly sorry that I had kept this a secret from you, Clan Head. I didn't wish to, but I had no choice since I had given my father a word that I wouldn't reveal my Powers till I turned eighteen. I began using it since then. I used my Lust Spark to eat up the Chaotic and Untamed Energy inside my mother and my mother-in-law."

Hua Yu raised an eyebrow inside.

So this guy had sex with them to heal them?

She remained outwardly stoic. Sons who had intimate relationships with their mothers were indeed rare but she had lived far too long to have her eyes widen.

Li Xingguang calmly looked at them. "Think as if I believed it, but then what? Why do you visit now? Are you leaving the clan with Hua Yu? Here to bid farewell?"

In his mind, he had already put Han Li's father on an equal level to himself. His father couldn't be one of the Transcendents since Li Xingguang himself had knowledge of each of the Transcendents' powers, and none of them had a Lust Spark.

There was no way his father was a Demi-Sacred since it had been millenniums since a Demi-Sacred was last seen in the world. An Evolved couldn't make Hua Yu protect a son who was in a distant land. The puzzle was done.

Han Li was the child of a Lust Dao Power Born and Yue Li, and that Power Born had made Hua Yu look after him in secret. Now that he was of age, he was being taken back after enough training. That wasn't too far-fetched.

Smiling inside, Han Li shook his head. "I am here to propose a slight deal, Clan Head. I can heal the entire Starlight Clan's people. Everyone who had the deficiency would be healed. I know mortals don't count for much, but they are indeed not so useless when in huge numbers. And in the end, this is my clan.

I had grown up here. I can't bear to part."

He had no attachment to this place. If he was strong enough, he would just kill Li Xingguang without batting an eye. Of course, he couldn't tell him that.

The Clan Head rubbed his jaw. "Indeed, that is a good deal." Especially since people would have more confidence in attempting to Evolve. Even if they failed, they would just lose their chance to cultivate and not have a normal life. "It is a good deal, but what do you want in return?"

Han Li bowed slightly. "How can I want something? I just want to live here for as long as I can, but my guardi— Lady Hua Yu, cannot stay protecting me here forever. I just wish that you would protect me while I am in the city."

Li Xingguang calmly looked at the duo. Who was the brat trying to intimidate by calling Hua Yu his guardian and stopping halfway? He was too wet behind his ears.

"Protecting you to my maximum capability when you are in the city is my responsibility." The Clan Head closed his eyes. "If that is done, you may leave. You can heal the clan members if you want to. If not, just leave it be."

Han Li sighed. "I know Clan Head would protect me, but I made some enemies in the Demon World. Just Evolution Stage, but… they just, atleast I offended twenty of them."

Li Xingguang's eyes opened widely. Shuanwei was also there. He wondered what he had gotten from there. Then, he also wondered what Han Li had gotten from there. Of course, he had no idea the duo had met in a Trial. He smiled for the first time.

"I hadn't wanted to probe you, but you really are a Sacred Talent. Unfortunately, you are not a Starlight Dao cultivator or I would have taken you in as my disciple. You also seem wise for your age."

Han Li 'ashamedly' looked down.

He knew Li Xingguan didn't really have much care for the clan. It was just an obligation for the man. If it was going to ruin, might as well move on. But of course, there were benefits to having a clan, like getting Magical Resources from the city all the time in a regular cycle so it was better that they survived.

"I am cursed to walk the immoral Dao of Lust. Clan Head," Han Li said, "I just wish that you would promise me that you will protect me no matter what unless a Power Born level or higher Stage cultivator who are your equals attacks me. And I also wish you would give Miss Hua some face and promise me that you won't leak any of my information out. As my Lust Clan has many enemies in the far west."

Hua Yu stood up and took a deep breath before bowing. "I shall be indebted to you if you help him. I would leave soon, but I will help you fight the Power Born after your son for once before I leave so you can intimidate her."

The Hua Yu an hour ago, would have never done this, but their earlier conversation had entirely changed the importance of this event for her. This was no longer so simple, if it went well, it could change her life for the better.

Li Xingguan was a bit startled. For him, Hua Yu was a legendary Power Born when he was just a baby. To see such a person kneeling, this Lust Dao Power Born must be really something. Atleast he must have authority.

What was this Lust Clan in the first place?

Why hadn't he ever heard of it?

"If a promise it is you seek, a promise I shall give. A promise on my name: I will not let any cultivator below my own Stage of Cultivation harm him. And I shall also keep him protected while he stays in my zone."

She added, "Please also add that you yourself won't harm him in any way, shape, or form unless he attacks you or something. Sorry for the distrust. I just like being cautious with such things."

He looked at her coldly. "You think I will harm a junior?"

Han Li nodded in his mind. 'I think so.'

She shook her head. "Sorry, this is what I wish for. If you do it, I will fight for you once or me and Han Li can only leave now and return him to the Lust Clan." That was true. If he rejected, they would immediately leave before Li Shuanwei reached here, and the Starlight Clan Head officially became their enemy.

Li Xingguang thought for a second before sighing. "It's just words. I won't harm him on my own or try to unless he tries to harm me, and I would also protect him from people with lower cultivation than myself."

Han Li sighed and shook his head. Then, he took out a red fruit. A normal, nonmagic resource, simple fruit. "This is a Magic Resource I got from the Demon World," show me the greed of a Power Born for Heart Qi, oh ancestor of mine, "and this fruit can let me use Heart Qi for once to make a promise with you. I have three such fruits. I will also give you one of them if the promise works."

Li Xingguang's eyes brightened immensely.

That was Heart Qi?!

A power only Transcendents had.

The Demon World did give great things!

He couldn't have Han Li move now, either. And he knew what Heart Qi was like since when he had gone into the Demon Restraining Temple and sworn to look after one of the cities, the city at the edge of Sacred Lust for the temple, a Transcendent had used Heart Qi on him. He knew what it was like.

He couldn't be fooled.

A cold gleam appeared in his eyes. If it were a mental attack trap or something similar, the traps littered around this room would immediately activate. He had his own ways of doing things. "Go on, I will promise you with Heart Qi."

Han Li ate the fruit, and his Heart Qi was calmly released covertly, and the Clan Head made the vow. He didn't mind people below Evolution, and he had no reason to hurt Han Li himself. In fact, he felt a bit fond of the youth. The more cautious one was that good they were on his list.

Sighing, Han Li relaxed. A significant weight was lifted from his body. Now, Li Xingguang could no longer harm him. He took a deep breath. The man would even have to protect him from lower-stage cultivators when he was in the city.

Of course, there were loops to this rule.

Was Li Shuanwei even a lower-stage cultivator? Was he even a cultivator at all?

Han Li sighed as he took out one of the cherry-like normal fruits. Reluctantly, he gave it to Li Xingguan. "It is very normal-looking and simple. Yet, this fruit is just as ephemeral as Heart Qi. They taste heavenly. In my whole life, it was the tastiest thing I had eaten.

With it, you can briefly sense Heart Qi just like I did, and if you are capable enough, use it."

Li Xingguan scrutinized the fruit. "You have one more, right? Sell it to me."

"It is too precious." Han Li shook his head, adamant.

Li Xingguan calmly scoffed. "I will give you a reasonable amount of Magical Resources that is better for you. You don't have use for Heart Qi anyway."

Li Shuanwei might find it useful, but The CLan Head himself also wanted to try one. Having two was a must for him. Han Li smiled wryly and bowed, "Indeed, Magical Resources are better for me, but I have some conditions." Then he made a long condition of what resource he wanted to make it more realistic.

Li Xingguan waved his hand. They were rare Wind Type or Light Type, but almost all of them were in his collection. He didn't mind them.

Han Li handed the last fruit with a reluctant sigh and then left with Hua Yu.

Li Xingguan took a deep breath. He would have waited for a chance to establish a promise with someone, but what if this was a trap?

He put one into his mouth, and his expression immediately slackened. His whole body relaxed as a heavenly taste made him forget anything about Heart Qi. When he remembered, he had already digested it. He couldn't help but feel his heart sink.

What a precious thing he had wasted. The taste was too heavenly. No one can focus on their Heart if they eat it. Was my heart too weak? He wondered.

Han Li had eaten it so casually.

He would have died if he knew Han Li had a humongous collection of this fruit. It had nothing to it except that it tasted so disbelievingly good. And even that taste would lose much of its charm after about five of them down the tongue.

Of course, Li Xingguand would lose both chances.

Han Li, on the other hand, smiled and entered his home, slumping onto a chair in his room. Now, it was going to be Li Shuanwei's return. He looked at Hua Yu. He still didn't know if that man was stronger than himself or not.

What if he could bypass the trap Han Li had set on the Clan Head?

Hua Yu looked at him curiously. A calm but cold smile on her face. She hadn't worked for free. Han Li sighed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178 - 178: How curious.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Some time ago, in Han Li's house.

Han Li straightened.

He smiled, and a normal red cherry appeared in his hand.

"This…" His voice dragged.

She wanted benefits that could make her move?

Okay, I'll give it to you.

"Try eating this." He gave it to Hua Yu.

She curiously scanned it with her soul sense. "A normal fruit?" she questioned.

"It is the tastiest thing I have eaten. Ever." Han Li added.

Even in his past life, he hadn't tasted something better. This fruit didn't have a particular taste of its own. It was more like it suited each person's taste buds differently. To some, it might be the spiciest thing ever, but to others, it might be the sweet kind.

She looked at it a bit more closely but then popped it into her mouth. She wasn't too worried about poison since it wasn't even a Magical Resource, and she kind of had a good deal of understanding of poison herself.

The fruit slowly sank into her mouth, and her head spun in clouds as if she had eaten something spicy and sour at the same time. As if a ball of fire had gone into her stomach.

A second later, she opened her eyes. "Are there more of this?"

Han Li nodded. "I have many more."

"Give some of them to me."

"Will you work against Li Xinnguand for them?"

"No, but still give it to me. It's just a normal fruit. I can kill an Evolved for you if you want, as long as they don't have any background or dangerous undertones to their stories."

Fighting a Power Born or even scheming against one was far too deadly for some tasty things. She wasn't tired of living.

Han Li would have liked her help in handling any of his current two main enemies: Yang Wei or Li Shuanwei. Yet both of them were out of the choice.

Yang Wei and Han Li had a Heart Qi binding, which made sure that one of them would end up being the victor in one final battle, which no outsider could partake in, and Li Shuanwei did have a backing.

Suddenly, Han Li chuckled, unlike his submissive self till now. He was about to take a little calculated risk.

"You want benefits. Tell me one thing: are you a Transformation type Cultivator or an Ethereal Type?"

The question made Hua Yu furrow her brows. She didn't like it when someone pried into her own details. Yet, she was curious. Many in the world knew it anyway.

"I am an Ethereal Type cultivator, and my Spark was the Moss Spark, which had now transformed into an Intermediate Dao Soul of Moss."

She had [Average Talent] and was only a lot of distance away from being a [High Talent], but she knew her own worth. The amount of Moss Dao Magic Powers she knew was not many, barely around thirty, and her own chant speed and strength in itself was very average.

Not everyone was like Han Li, who knew each of the three hundred Magic Powers and their chants under the Lust Dao from the get-go—that was only because he had the Sutra left behind by the Sacred Demon.

Most only knew some of the chants for the Magic Powers in their Dao.

The most important facet of a clan or sect was having a huge bible of notes regarding their known Magic Powers in the first place, like how the Starlight Clan knew more than 30 Starlight Magic Powers.

Yet, Hua Yu was not any simple powerless girl. Having Magical Powers like Parasite Healing, Hua Yu could survive for a long time. Her whole setup was focused on survivability when it came to combat.

Han Li could guess most of these things by the way she carried herself.

Afraid of the strong and suppressing of the weak.

Even though she seemed to lack ulterior motives and just wanted to have fun, it was clear she was stifling her true nature to be more cautious.

Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back.

That perfectly summed up her mentality.

This woman was curious about everything. No wonder she died in some forsaken ocean eaten by a Beast King octopus. She wanted to satiate her curiosity but was hiding her own neck when it came to things stronger than herself.

Who in their right mind would go into the oceans of the Seven Continents without being prepared and having a strong crew? Only the curious minds.

She must have wanted to find something to go beyond her limits.

The freest of minds were also like this. He could stretch her bottom line quite far.

The fact that she said earlier that she was not as strong as the Starlight Head was also proof enough that she was conscious of her own weakness.

Han Li sighed.

"As I expected, Miss Hua is just average. A very run-of-the-mill Power Born. Unlike my own Clan's Head. He has High Talent, good looks, and the Starlight Spark; he also has many Magical Powers that are very useful. Especially in the speed department. And he also has a Body as strong as [Below Average Power Birth] Transformation Physiques."

Hua Yu frowned.

"Yes. I am not as good as him." She nodded.

"What if I make you better than what you are? What if I help you reach another level of strength? A level matching him?"

Normal techniques cannot allow an Ethereal Type Cultivator to stand toe to toe in a body slam against Transformation Type cultivators; even the most [Average] talented body would be stronger than the bodies trained using techniques.

In Yue Li's words, Transformation Type Cultivators were Knights with strong bodies and unique Transformations. Ethereal Type Cultivators were Mages with many magical powers like explosive fire or similar.

Unlike Han Li and other possible Inheritors of the other Sacred Demons, for all others, as long as they were Ethereal Type cultivators, they wouldn't be able to train a body equal to even the least talented Transformation Type Cultivator. That was a limit.

[Average-High-Sacred] Those were the foundation of the bodies a Transformation Cultivator had and their Talent.

The [Below Average Transformation] level of the body was the limit of their physiques as long as they were Ethereal Type, and that was only for people with the best techniques around. That was a limit for Ethereals. They cannot stand equally with the Transformation types.

Only once a cultivator reaches Transcendence after breaking through from the Power Birth Stage would the barriers between Ethereal and Transformation types vanish for them; only then would they be able to have bodies that are absurdly strong and equal to any other under the sun.

For Hua Yu, even if she had the best of techniques available, she could only reach—Below Average Power Birth Body. And she didn't have that either. Her body in itself was only as strong as Han Li's and other top-notch Evolved Bodies. She even lacked in some aspects.

If she was taken by surprise.

"Have this." Han Li threw her another cherry-like fruit.

She had already eaten one. Her caution was low against a weaker person, too. With a quick soul sense scan, she popped it into her mouth, and she was briefly lost in its taste.

When she opened her eyes, a man's hand was firmly wrapped around her waist. His face was dangerously close.

Her instincts kicked in like crazy, and she would have immediately crushed him using her soul sense, which would have easily killed him.

Unlike Han Li, her soul sense had weight; it was psychokinesis. She could easily crush Evolved Level physiques with it as long as there were no equal levels of Soul Sense protecting it.

Yet, before she did it, strong hands tightened around her. A sensation of deadly crisis washed over her as a feeling of fear came from the depths of her bones. From her soul.

Heart Qi—Aura of Fear.

"Calm down, Miss Hua. My hands are too strong for that tender waist. One powerful hug before you get to crush me, and you will be crushed alongside."

Hua Yu was frightened a bit more, but she immediately calmed down and squirmed in his hand before looking at him coldly. "Do you have what it takes to die with me? I'd kill you too."

Han Li had a body at the level of Evolved Sacred Talent Transformation Type Cultivators. Her own body was just as strong; she might have been able to resist if Han Li hadn't transformed his bones long enough to crush him with her soul sense, but now, if Han Li moved fast enough, he could kill her before dying himself.

Both of them knew there was no reason to die together. Cold rationality took each of them hold; age had given them a wisdom that surpassed most circumstances that life throws.

"If I left you now, would you kill me?" Han Li asked with a smile, his breath against her face. She could feel her body tightly pushed against a chest stronger than hers.

She couldn't cast Magical Powers either since that required chanting.

With a smile on her face, she wrapped her hand around his face, tousled the hair on his back, and brought his face close to her face. They were practically an inch away from each other.

"I might kill you just out of the frustration of being outwitted by a junior. I usually refrain from killing, but I am not against it. In fact, I even enjoy it a bit."

Han Li clicked his tongue. "So I can't let you leave my embrace, Miss Hua. You must understand."

He wouldn't have had to do this, but it was the most efficient way. She was more of an ally rather than an enemy; he had no reason to sow seeds of enmity. But for his current dilemma, a Power Born helping out with all her powers would do wonders, especially in convincing Starlight Head to hear him out.

If there was no equal power to hold the man at bay, he might as well just tie Han Li up and squeeze him dry of his secrets before squeezing him dead with his Soul Sense. That was not too far-fetched. Especially since the man had a Below Average Power Born Physique, even this little idea was of no use.

His body wouldn't even be scratched by Han Li.

Hua Yu chuckled. Rather curious now.

What did this youth want?

Now, for the first time, she was genuinely interested.

Her hands drew his head closer to hers, pressing his forehead tightly against hers.

"Won't let me leave your embrace? What are you about to do?" her breath tingled him.

She tried pressing harder, but even among Evolved, Han Li's skin was far too thick, his bones far too rigid. He hadn't done this out of audacity. She couldn't burst his head so easily.

"Why don't you become mine?" he calmly asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179 - 179: A Power Born
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why don't you become mine?" he asked, "I can make you stronger. Way stronger than you currently are. And in fact, I can prove it to you today itself. And in the next Transcendence War, I will make you Transcend."

Hua Yu giggled in derision. Her green eyes glowering at Han Li.

"Even I myself won't dare to say something so ridiculous. Do you take me for a clown, Junior?"

Han Li used his Talents to attempt making her more irrational but it had no effect on her. It was way too weak. He didn't count on them anyway.

He caressed her cheek, his face leaned down and his nose met hers. She smelled like wild grass.

"I just had this idea. Either I die now with you, or I stand to gain a bunch of things. Or you die with me and you stand to gain a bunch of things."

Suddenly, a force of power wrapped around Hua Yu. It was Han Li's measly Soul Sense.

But then it vanished and that power of fear began to attack her once more as Han Li looked into her eyes. Red eyes met green eyes. Both hardened by time. Han Li was colder, more rational. More practical. More fearsome than anything and anyone she had seen.

This was the power of the Heart Han Li had.

Heart Qi was ephemeral yet supreme against all below Transcendent. Fear was palpable.

Hua Yu looked at him for a second before blurting out in fear, "Heart Qi." She knew what it was like most other Power Born. A power exclusive to Transcendent.

He was no ordinary Evolved. She could now guess his plan by trapping her in his grasp if he had access to Heart Qi.

He wanted to make a binding with her to leave this situation!

"This is my offer. I promise you. I will get one of the Transcendence Orb for you, I will make you Transcend. Become mine. I won't ask you for a lifelong thing, protect me for the next twenty years. Become my servant for just that time.

You know what to do, a Heart Qi binding is all it takes."

Hua Yu calmed down. Her heart thudded in her chest. Anyone would know the worth of Heart Qi. Only Transcendents had it. Most Power Borns would accept to work for him in this situation she was in.

"Can I make my Talent stronger than now? Can I become a Sacred Talent like you if I work for you?" She had always envied them. Did he have some secret that could help?

True Transcendent cultivators were said to have it. Maybe it was a myth?

She herself wasn't completely vulnerable now as she could still take out her weapon from her Empty Space. Yet, if Han Li was stronger, it would still leave at least dangerous injuries on her as his last attack. Maybe even death since drawing a weapon was no faster than Soul Sense.

But now she didn't really want to fight him. She wanted to know. A curiosity burned within her. Heart Qi was the signature power of Transcendence. How did he have it?

"No. I cannot improve the Talent of a cultivator past Awakening Stage. But let me teach you something, a Transcendent Orb fundamentally changes you. Once you Transcend, you won't have to worry about Talent since that is a fundamentally different level of its own."

That meant he promised her to get the orb for her.

She cupped his face. A servant? Of an Evolved?

How outrageous. Yet, she felt somehow dumbed by how natural it felt to accept.

"What an outrageously curious youth." She shook her head. "My life has been boring for a long time. Seems like it will be interesting for the next part. As long as you yourself believe completely that you can do what you promised without putting my own interests in line, Why not?"

As long as he didn't believe it, his binding shouldn't work with her condition now.

Now that she thought of it, she hadn't ever been someones.

That was also a curious thing.

Why not?

As long as it doesn't stray her from her path of cultivating to higher levels, it was all good.

Han Li on the other hand, smiled. Soon enough, a Heart Qi binding of equal interests was bound. He couldn't make her do something she didn't want to but she would protect him to a decent degree until the last moment he could keep making her a bit stronger every month.

Contradicting his thoughts, Hua Yu smiled in his embrace.

She doubted someone can constantly make a Power Born stronger every month for long anyway. No matter how much of a freak they were. Might as well see the fun in being submissive to a youth not even half her age for a while before moving on to the next interesting thing.

Han Li, on the other hand, felt his shoulders loosen a bit.

A Power Born Guard...

It might have made others cocky but he knew this was just a completely practical partnership. The moment she felt she had the smaller end of the stick, she could leave. Their binding was set up like that. Of course, she had to warn him a month before she actually left.

And their binding also made sure she couldn't harm Han Li's interests just like he couldn't harm hers from this very day unless situation proved to be against that notion entirely. Yet, in the end of all, it was an equal to equal contract.

Otherwise, she was a Power Born, she could totally blow herself up into moss.

Equal benefits had made her bend the knee.

Of course, him being allowed to touch her was not a part of it at all. Nor was he offered her body. It was a partnership of benefits. Nothing more, nothing less. She was just his guardian.

And constantly, he had to show her that he could make her stronger. Every month. And prove his capability by the end of today itself.

Or it would break the partnership the day it started. He wondered how long it would last.

Caressing Hua Yu's face, Han Li leaned down and she wrapped her hand around his neck. Their lips met and she was briefly lost in a world of sensations.

They were partners anyway, why would she say not to skin-ship?

Han Li was a very, very handsome young man, after all.

Even if all this didn't happen, if he tried a different way, he might have seduced her. He might have even made her fall in love now that she thought of it practically. He was already interested in his spear teaching prowess, after all.

Yet.

She hadn't expected this at all.

How uniquely curious.

Who would have known she would be kissing and making out with a junior, when she was just here to be with Hua Feilan for a while before returning to traveling the world. The world was indeed a curious place.

She felt her tongue be dominated by simple moves and couldn't help but grow defensive and a bit shocked. How could he be more skillful than her in kissing when she had more understanding of the human body in general?

This youth really was an enigma.

After passing 200+ years of age, nary any person cared for their virginity or their bed habits. Even though Hua Yu wasn't one to sleep around—in fact, she had never actually felt interest in a man and, nor had she slept with someone. After all, she was not curious about such things.

But she wasn't one to care too much about such things either if it came to be related to her path as a cultivator. And now it was.

Han Li seemed to have the Powers of a Transcendent and her life was in his hand. He also promised her enough benefits—improbable as they may—which she couldn't refuse.

If Han Li proved truly capable of improving her prospects, deep down, she didn't mind settling down for a while.

It was her womanly instinct after so long of traveling around. Of course, Han Li didn't know her thoughts.

Han Li broke the kiss and looked at the woman's red face. Her green eyes were calm yet filled with charm. He knew this was the most dangerous woman he had ever touched. He had no doubt about it.

She was not like others.

There were no underlying emotions that bound them. Just pure benefits and fleeting interests. Such things were flimsy for them old monsters unless they wanted it not to be.

Both of them could easily betray each other if it came to it, she was just here for the benefits just like himself, but as long as their interests were the same, they wouldn't stray away from each other. Their relationship was just simply transactional.

As of now atleast. If he had to, he could easily kill her without second thoughts.

Both of them knew that.

They were enemies in a gang for benefits.

He brushed aside her green hair, one hand behind, and pushed her waist closer to himself.

But then, he stopped and let her go.

"Let's go make that ancestor of mine no longer a threat. Then we can have our time together and maybe even remove misunderstandings."

Her lips curved into a smile.

Holding his hand, she asked, "Let's go but now what? I have to act like a girl in love with you to pressure Li Xingguang into signing a Heart Qi bond with you?"

Han Li shook his head. "Not pressure, compel. He would do it since he doesn't know I am his son's enemy. I am just an ant in you exalted Power Borns' eyes after all. You guys are all too careless against me."

She chuckled. "Curious. I was indeed a bit careless."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180 - 180: Primal Tremble of blood in his veins?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Convincing Li Xingguang was neither hard nor easy.

Yet, Hua Yu promised Li Xingguang that she would fight against the enemies behind Li Xingguang's son and Han Li's enemy, Li Shuanwei, for once, in exact words: "I shall be indebted to you if you help Han Li. I would leave soon, but I will help you fight the Power Born, who is after your son once before I leave so you can intimidate her."

This promise had done the trick for Li Xingguang. The fact that Hua Yu would help him fight his enemies—even though only once—made protecting an Evolution Stage cultivator a meager task. Profits definitely outweighed the cost. Han Li even promised to heal everyone who failed in Evolution.

The man was, of course, easily convinced and even sold many Magical Resources for a normal red cherry, believing it to be some kind of Heart Qi resource of the myths that Han Li got rewarded from the Demon World. He had also given an oath not to reveal any details of Han Li, like how he was an Evolved at the age of eighteen.

He would also protect Han Li from people below the Power Birth Stage.

Had his son returned, it wouldn't have gone like this.

This was how you use your enemies to your advantage. Of course, this could still go in many unexpected ways since nothing was absolute. Especially since Hua Yu, his protector for time to come, would have to fight once on his enemy's behalf. But that was also a calculated risk.

Han Li and Hua Yu smiled and entered his home, slumping onto a chair in his room. Still unnoticed by Liyue, Li Yao, and Hua Feilan, too.

Now, it was going to be Li Shuanwei's return. He looked at Hua Yu. He still didn't know if that man was stronger than himself or not. Maybe he might even stand a chance against a Power Born?

What was that freak exactly?

What if he could bypass the trap Han Li had set on the Clan Head and Hua Yu to kill him or his family?

Hua Yu looked at him curiously. A calm but cold smile on her face. She hadn't worked for free. "Make me stronger, or I can leave you here right now."

Han Li calmly took a note from the side, a brush, and an ink pot. "What Great Dao does the Dao of Moss come under?" he asked. He had a vague idea of what it belonged to.

Her being strong was for his own good, too.

"I do not know, honestly." She said with a sigh. "I think the Dao of Moss comes under the Life Dao, but I had tried all sorts of methods to increase my Cultivation Talent like all the other Life Dao Sparks, and none worked. For example, you should have increased your cultivation talent with Lust at the start to make your Spark Sacred Talent level, but none of those things worked for me."

Han Li sighed. "As expected, a Life Great Dao spark which had gone to uselessness. After the Awakening Stage, you cannot improve your talent. Moss Dao should have required you to move deep into water bodies and meditate there to increase your talent but no use saying that now, you already lost the chance."

That was why he wanted his mom to improve her talent to Sacred before she became an Evolved. He had used many of his resources for that. He even used the one thing he didn't want to—Death's Return Diagram. He had used that to get a Spark for Yue Li.

Taking a deep breath, he looked into Hua Yu's eyes like he was looking at a disappointment. She could have become a Sacred Talent cultivator with the Dao of Moss. She could have. How wasted an opportunity. What a disappointment.

She looked at his gaze and couldn't help but blurt out, "I had to cultivate under deep waters to make my Cultivation Talent rise?" she couldn't help but feel her stomach opening a pit in it.

She could have lived a life far more luxurious than this. She could have sated her curiosities easily. She would have been able to disregard people like Li Xingguang.

"Trash." Han Li added.

She felt it right in her heart and couldn't even deny it. He harrumphed slightly and began writing on the book he had taken with a brush and ink. It only took him ten minutes to complete his writing, and he nodded in satisfaction before giving it to her calmly.

"Ancient Art of the True Life Body." She read, and her eyes quickly skimmed through it with her heart thudding inside her chest. Any Power Born could cultivate their body, even if they are Ethereal Type, to the level of Below Average Power Birth Physiques, but they needed a technique to do that, just like the chants of Magic Powers.

This was exactly such a technique, and any cultivator belonging to any Dao under the Life Great Dao could practice it. She couldn't help but have her heart shiver as she read it.

To complete the process of turning her body into that of a Below Average Power Born, she would need to use hundreds of Magical Resources, each in a uniquely disbelieving sequence.

There were Water Dao Resources, and there were all types of resources in the list, and when she ate it all, her own body would refine it into a pseudo-transcendent Resource—a Resource made by cooking multiple resources—and her body would evolve.

Power Borns can't use Transcendent Resources. Only Transcendence Stage cultivators can, but this was a unique process. This would work. And surprisingly enough, the resources in it were extremely common but just in huge numbers. She even had most of the mentioned resources in her own hand. She was thrilled.

She could also use a Life Dao Resource to immediately achieve this body, but getting all those other resources was much easier. She took a deep, deep breath. "Where did you get this from?"

Han Li calmly said, "None of your business, but we are partners, I'll tell you. I won it in the Demon World."

She laughed in derision. "You think I'd believe your bullshit? Obviously, that's fake. What if I had a Great Dao of Darkness-related Dao? Would you say you got that, too?"

He shrugged. "Immediately go and collect the Magical Resources you want and the Magical Resources Li Xingguang promised for me from the Library in the clan. There is everything you need there. Do it before Li Shuanwei comes back. Make your physique stronger."

She would not have acted as his servant like this, but she was too stirred up now. Who would say no to leveling up? She floated from her seat and immediately flew away in the cross-legged form. Han Li looked at her, receding back with a deep gaze.

"Troublesome." He muttered before looking at the woman sleeping on the bed beside him. It was his mother, still too exhausted after what had happened. He couldn't help but smile. "I feel trouble coming. That Li Shuanwei is too weird."

He held her hands and kissed it. "But worry not. He shouldn't be stronger than a Power Born since the Trials believed I, you, and Nu Kai could handle him. The fact that we matched up against him means he was not stronger than us. And the fact that he hid against the rocks until Nu Kai and I ended our fighting is another thing. He shouldn't be stronger."

But he didn't like this. Know yourself and know your enemies, and you shall fight a hundred battles victoriously.

He made his dark sword fly towards him. He petted it. The rusty surface of the blade reminded him of the Sacred Demon. That man, that creature, had had it easy from the start. It ate a single fruit at the beginning of the world and was at the top of all lifeforms.

Han Li had seen far too many storms in his past life. He had seen hardship and luxury. He had seen love and hatred. He had been washed in blood; his heart was as cold as ice.

But why was it that primal urges were now making his hand tremble?

He held the sword up. It was trembling. His hand was trembling.

He didn't want to scheme against Li Shuanwei.

He wanted to cut that man.

Primal urge of protection?

How dare that man hurt those he loved?

"How shameful of me not to see the bigger picture." He hefted the blade in a fighting position. "How shameful of me to want vengeance. But I guess it comes along with being a True Demon with a will to defy the odds."

He looked at his hand. His crimson eyes bursting with a sort of conceit.

"How shameful of me to be so conceited in my own strength."

[Skin Building Completed—Tempered Skin—Vibrating Skin]

[Organ Strengthening Completed—Healthy Organs—Vitality Channeling]

[Bone Forging Completed—Forged Bones—Fused Blade]

He didn't feel like there was a chance of him losing against Li Shuanwei in any ways he looked. He wasn't the inheritor of a Sacred Demon for nothing.

Even though Han Li was still far from having completely juiced the inheritance's potential in the Evolution Stage, he didn't think Li Shuanwei, who, according to the trial, was someone whom the Han Li before completing Bone Forging, working with Nu Kai, would have stood a chance against could stand on equal terms to him now.

Even if Han Li of yesterday and Nu Kai teamed against Han Li of this moment, he would slaughter them in mere minutes.

A single Transformation had only made his body reach the level of Sacred Talent Transformation Cultivators, but everything was not always as it seemed. Vibrating Skin ability was useful in making his cuts deeper. Vitality Channeling made his stamina nigh-endless in battles, and Fused Blade?

Since the Trial believed Han Li and Nu Kai, the man whom Han Li had fought and defeated in the 4th Trial, stood a chance against a fight with Li Shuanwei, it meant he was only that strong. Han Li was stronger than that.

He couldn't help but be ashamed of how he was being so reckless. He didn't know his enemy well after all. But sometimes, it is like that.

He smiled.

He himself had stifled his own self for so long. Recklessness didn't suit him, though.

Han Li watched as the curious Power Born woman returned to the room, a packet full of many Magical Resources in her hand.

"Time to start cooking, just in case."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181 - 181: Burning of the Dao Tree
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Han Li got busy helping Hua Yu achieve a Power Born level physique awaiting Li Shuanwei's return, in another place in Sacred Lust, something else was happening.

It was atop a small hill. Surroundings were a sight of their own, with dead mortals of all ages littering the area. Women, men, kids, and the elderly of all skin colors. Their gory bodies, which could have once been beautiful things, were now just bones. Nothing more, nothing less.

In contrast, the hill in the middle was a pristine grassy place. No blood, nothing. On top of it was a young man with pale grey eyes, violet nails, white and old material robes, and a silent and calm aura. He tsked through his teeth and spat out some bloody flesh.

"Evil is such an easy thing to be addicted to. But such afflictions are for weak men. Murder, rape, plunder, all of those should be ways to move forward in the path of cultivation, not to be a thing that holds you back." The spirit inside his spoke, her usual flowery voice filled with the tone of a sage who had seen it all.

Yang Wei coldly shook his head. "Killing is the one way to achieve whatever I want. If there were no others in this world, if I could kill anyone at my wish, cultivation would have been so easy. All resources would be mine. If I want a Transcendent Orb, I could have had it so easily. Killing is the way."

The woman snorted in disdain.

She knew what was going to happen now, but she had no way of stopping it; her words would only be heard by deaf ears. She turned silent as Yang Wei took out a flower with a pristine white color from his pocket. It looked like a palm-sized lotus, with dew still evidently trickling from it.

Yang Wei had won three of the Trials and had lost in the fourth Trial; he had been thrown into a verbal debate against a Power Born Monk; had he won, he could have moved to the fifth Trial and gained a truly disbelieving treasure, but he had failed. Even though she herself had helped Yang Wei debate against the words of the Monk, who was called Hen Shin, that man was even wiser than herself.

No wonder Yang Wei had grown even more derisive of her. And more than that, on one of his three Trials, he had won something heinous. The flower in his hand.

It was a Magical Resource that could help the user ask any questions to anyone under the Transcendence Stage of cultivation, and they would have to answer with 100% truth. Any personal question could be asked, and they would end up answering as if it were normal. It was a Life Dao Magical Resource.

Of course, it would only last for an hour.

If she was in her prime, it wouldn't have worked on her, but now, it would easily work on her.

Even though it was not the best of his three rewards, it was the bane of her existence. Even though she and Yang Wei were a team, they had boundaries. He didn't know everything about her. Nobody in this whole world did. Her tone was icy, "If you used it, our cooperation would surely be affected. Why don't you wait till I reveal it to you on my own?

Why don't you try to crack me little by little instead? Wouldn't that be more fun for you? Conquering me, that is."

"Heh." With a derisive chuckle, Yang Wei popped the flower into his mouth.

A profound sigh of coldness was released from the Spirit.

"Ask away, what do you wish to know?" She asked, quickly changing her mask to that of indifference.

Yang Wei calmly questioned, his eyes sharp and hollow. "What are you?"

She tried not to speak, but she ended up speaking regardless, "I am a Defier of the Heavens." She immediately knew that all her future plans of slowly retaking her influences were all down the drain. Gaining back control over Yang Wei was also out of the question.

"Defier of the Heavens?" Yang Wei corked his eyebrows. "What is that?"

"The ones who walk the true path of cultivation instead of the Path of the Dao Tree."

"Path of the Dao Tree?"

The Spirit's cold but flowery voice spoke, "In the primordial times when the world was not yet born, a seed was thrown into a dark and empty void. That seed became a majestic Tree. The Dao Tree. The source of the world and everything you know. That tree had a consciousness on its own, a will that is the Heavens of this world of the Seven Continents."

Yang Wei growled. "Explain in a way I can understand."

"The Dao Tree was the origin of all things. It was the embodiment of perfection. It also represented a Dao called the Dao of Origin. It had a purpose straight at its birth—it wanted to create a world that would last for Eternity, but the Tree in itself had a fault.

Before it could complete the world, it started to decay, and thus, it knew that it couldn't complete the creation of a True Everlasting World."

"What do you mean?" Yang Wei's words were a hiss.

"There are countless worlds in this universe, oh Yang Wei. Each was born from a Dao Tree. But rarely did a world get the chance to complete the process and transform into a True Everlasting World, to the point there are only two in existence among billions of worlds like the Seven Continents."

Yang Wei stayed silent.

"Do you know what these Dao Trees do when they fail to create an Everlasting World where they would exist for Eternity?"

"What?" Yang Wei's hollow heart was thumping.

The Spirit coldly smiled. "When the Dao Tree, which some call the World Tree, is sure to fail, its Dao of Origin starts to deteriorate. Usually, it just deteriorates and leaves behind a world like this one. There are many such worlds, after all. But the Dao Tree of this world was especially cunning.

It split the Dao of Origin into seven different Great Daos—Life, Light, Darkness, Wind, Water, Earth, and Fire and turned it into fruits which it fed to seven of its inhabitants."

Yang Wei had his eyes turn bright. "The seven Sacred Demons."

"Yes. Each of the Sacred Demons was one of the Seven Daos it had left behind. Then, the Tree should have vanished entirely, but what it did was it still stood tall for a long time. Until the Era of the Seven Demons came to an end, that is."

"Then?"

"Then what?" The woman's laughter was full of madness. "Then the Seven Demons sacrificed themselves and used the combined power of all seven Great Daos to create a Fire. It was a Fire of Origin. The Fire burned themselves and changed the whole world."

"How?"

"Heh." She derisively chuckled, but her voice was full of awe. "The tree died, burned into cinders with its own powers. The Sacred Demons died, and everything was back to zero. But then, they were not idiots. They had a plan.

"The Two Everlasting Worlds. The Everlasting Human World and the Everlasting Beast World. They created a gateway to those places and made some of the people of those worlds enter here forcibly. The last remaining power of the combined seven Great Daos—Fire of Origin made that a possibility.

"The empty world after the catastrophe of the Burning of the Dao Tree had become filled with creatures and wildlife stolen from those two superior places. The world became bustling with activity."

Yang Wei had his eyes widen again and again.

"But the people of the Everlasting Human World were all mortal people with nothing other than their human bodies, whereas the people of the Everlasting Beast World were gigantic and fierce Beasts that had no equals in might. What do you think happened?"

Yang Wei had no answer.

"The Beasts ruled. They were not Beast Kings at the level of Power Borns. Nor were they Beast Emperors equal to Transcendents that ruled. The rulers of that Era were the Beast Daemons, beasts equal to the Demi-Sacred Stage cultivation of this day.

"Beast Kings have no intelligence, but from the Beast Emperor stage, they are no longer any inferior to the Humans. They are strong."

Yang Wei asked, frowning, "If they were so strong in the past, why are humans in supremacy now? Why are they so weak to the point there is not a single Beast Emperor in the whole world, whereas we have 4 Transcendent Humans in Sacred Lust Continent alone?"

"Hehehe," Her flowery laughter was calm and cold. "The Dao Tree's embers. The tree was burned and slowly destroyed by burning, but its Dao hadn't vanished. For the first time in history, one of the Dao's, an ephemeral ember, a Spark of the Dao, entered a Human Being."

Yang Wei was alarmed.

"The Spark gave birth to a void inside their bodies. The Spark represented one of the Daos; now, the Humans could cultivate on their own. They had weak bodies, to the point they were just extremely pathetic in that department compared to the beasts.

"But they had Magical Powers of creation. Creating fire from thin air, water from thin air, and so on and so forth. Slowly, in hiding, they grew stronger. The Heavens itself seemed to be helping them; on a day, a Demi-Sacred was born amidst them."

Yang Wei took a deep breath.

"Beasts had their bodies and Beast Cores to make them stronger. Humans had their Dao Souls and Magic Powers. A war began. It was a huge war of supremacy that ended in devastation. But it was then that the goals of the Sacred Demons were revealed.

"When the Beast Daemons and Demi Sacred cultivator ended up falling in love instead of ending the world in their wrath. When they had their first child—The ancestor of today's humankind was born.

"Today's humans. A creature who has Transformation Sparks, the power of the Beasts, and Magic Powers, the power of the Heavens. It was the goal of the Dao Tree and the Seven Demons."

"Why?"

"Of course, to create a creature who wields all the 7 Great Daos. Only a creature from the Higher Worlds can do that since their birth was done with the help of the Everlasting Dao Trees in the Everlasting Worlds, and today, in this whole world of the Seven Continents, only creatures from the higher world exist. The Seven Demons were all of this world. They couldn't do it.

But the chosen one can do it."

"To wield the power of the Dao of Origin." Yang Wei's hand trembled.

The Spirit took a deep breath. "The Seven Demons must have left behind ways for the people of this world to slowly regain the power that the Sacreds had had by themselves. There should already be seven inheritors out there, each of them on their way to attaining one of the Seven Great Daos. In this world that hadn't seen a Sacreed in the last few Eras, it should see seven of them this time.

"Then, one of them would inherit all of the Powers of the Dao Tree as a whole after defeating the rest and become a Dao Lord who would make this World ascend into a True Everlasting World. The Third Everlasting World in the whole universe."

"Inheritors?!" Yang Wei felt his heart drop. Then, he calmed down a bit. "Even all that you have mentioned doesn't really tell me the whole picture. You seem to be intentionally hiding something. You haven't told me who you are."

"Me?"

The woman smiled calmly.

"I am…" She smirked. "Sorry, 1 hour has passed, and I no longer have to tell you that."

Yang Wei felt his nerves bulge.

Yet, immediately, he decided to keep some of the words she had spoke of earlier etched in his mind: Defier of the Heavens, Path of the Dao Tree, Fire of Origin, The Dao of Origin and the Everlasting Worlds of Human and Beast. He had to analyze her words.

He also wondered how much of it was true.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182 - 182: To Yang Wei
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and Hua Yu were on top of the walls of the Southern Lust City, looking into the distance. Both of them had calm expressions, but if someone who was perceptive looked at them, they would notice that Hua Yu was trembling slightly with a bit of excitement.

She had eaten nearly 70 Magical Resources, and she could feel her whole body fussing with warmth. Many of the resources she had eaten were Poisons, but Han Li had assured her that when the combined forces of all the Resources worked on her, the poison would be neutralized. That had indeed happened, and she could feel her body steadily growing stronger.

Like a confluence of warmth, her whole body felt hot. She had already reached the cusp of physiques between Power Born and Evolved levels. Soon enough, she would gain a [Below-Average Power Birth Physique].

Evolved top-tier strength bodies could withstand even normal blades, and they could topple trees with their best attacks. Han Li could also topple trees now. He hadn't tested himself after forging his Bones, but he knew he could easily destroy mountain boulders with a punch.

But regardless, that was nothing compared to even the weakest [Below Average Power Born Physiques].

Suddenly, Hua Yu's eyes constricted to pins, and her nerves bulged like thick snakes coursing through her skin. She trembled, her teeth grinding against each other as she fell on the wall and squirmed.

Han Li calmly looked at her and took a sip of wine from the flagon of thick alcohol in his hand. She looked to be in pain, he noted calmly as his gaze moved to the distance. Far away, a dust cloud was rising, and he could tell why that must have happened.

His eyes darkened.

Exactly ten minutes later, heaving, puffing in pain, Hua Yu stood up with a sweaty body. Her green dress was now soaked from head to toe, giving her an extremely alluring appearance, with her twin mounts an especially sweet sight for those who adored feminine beauty.

With a groan, she snatched the flagon from Han Li's hand and downed several sips before looking at the dust cloud—a serious expression cast over her excited face. "Your conjuncture was indeed the right one," she said.

Han Li nodded.

According to Hua Yu's quick information hunt, The Clan Heads of Rock, Raven, and Starlight Clan were all in their own places, cultivating. But what about the enemy and the place where Li Shuanwei would spawn?

As far as Han Li knew, a Power Born woman had captured Li Shuanwei before he entered the Demon World, and Li Xingguang had chased after that woman in rage, yelling and revealing himself in the middle of Han Li's marriage.

But. But!

He had not been saved, and that woman Power Born, Li Shuanwei's captor, had not been put down. That woman, Demonic Ice Fairy, was still out there, exactly where the cloud of dust was rising from.

A silent sigh left Han Li.

Only People at the Power Born level could raise such a ruckus. Even the ground was slightly shaking.

"Do you feel strong?" he asked, looking into Hua Yu's emerald eyes.

The woman took a deep breath and clenched her hands. "I feel invincible. Three or four punches, and I can destroy this fortress wall of the Southern Lust city. I am strong. Beyond my own expectation."

Han Li flourished his dark sword and struck it at her. She didn't dodge.

It was sharp. It would cut anyone at the level of Evolved like Tofu, but striking her neck, it stopped and just vibrated with a "Shing!" sound. It couldn't move even a centimeter into her skin. She had a body stronger than iron.

She smirked.

He smiled, too.

"Strong indeed. A Power Born is indeed on their own level."

But then, their eyes became slightly downcast. Both Han Li and Hua Yu looked towards the dust cloud with a silent and defeated back. No matter how strong they could be, there were always bigger mountains with deeper foundations.

If no one among the Power Born Clan Heads was fighting the Demonic Ice Fairy, it was obvious why the fight had suddenly begun out of nowhere. It was painfully obvious.

It was around time for Li Shuanwei to return from the Demon World, and he should have returned. Exactly there, the man who had chopped his mother's hand with nary but a single wave of his hand, utterly inconceivable. That guy was fighting a Power Born.

Demonic Ice Fairy, while not being as strong as the Starlight Clan Head in a fight, was still better than Hua Yu. And Li Shuanwei himself could fight her. But Han Li also noticed more things.

Ordinarily, Power Birth Stage cultivators fought their battles in the sky, but they were fighting on land. Since Ice was a power that would have more advantage on land if Li Shuanwei was a Power Born himself, he should have flown up to the sky and fought, but since he didn't, it just meant that Li Shuanwei couldn't fly.

But he could no longer judge the man. That guy was far too much of a mystery.

Suddenly, another man flew up and landed beside them with starlight lingering on his path.

Hua Yu looked at him with a curious gaze and asked, "Your son really is something. Even more monstrous than the little guy beside us. What age was he again? 30?"

Li Xingguang laughed, unlike himself. "He is my pride, my arrogance. I used to worry about him all the time, but I no longer have to." He then snorted. "What Demonic Ice Fairy, my son would defeat her and show her her true worth. But just in case, come, the other two, Raven and Rock, are also pissed at the woman for ruining our peace, and we plan to encircle and kill her for sure this time.

Let's go, fulfill your promise for me."

Hua Yu looked at Han Li.

Han Li looked at Li Xingguang with a veiled gaze full of meaning. If Han Li himself had come back from 500 years in the future and was still just at the level of meager evolution, what was then that made Li Shuanwei so special?

"Clan Head certainly is blessed with a great heritage. Do I know when Brother SHuanwei broke through to the Power Birth Stage?" He asked with a smile. "I would like to congratulate you if so, but wouldn't that bring you trouble? After all, such a young Power Born… I can see my own type of issues but more inflated happening for him."

The Clan Head sighed. Seeing the probing intention.

"Power Birth, Evolved…" He flew towards his son, floating a meter away from Han Li. He said, "I wouldn't have told this to anybody else, but you are from my own lineage. As much as Shuanwei is my blood, you could also be considered a distant blood of mine. Let me give you one advice: if you leverage on it, it's up to you."

Han Li cupped his fists, and his eyes turned sharp inwardly.

"There are many things in this world that are not always as they seem. There are many powers inside even the most normal of cultivators. Heart Qi, Dao Crystals, Magic Powers, Weapon Proficiency… they are all scattered and never one part. The day all of it combines into one perfect thing is when a cultivator reaches his apex."

"Uh?" Han Li's face turned into a confused mess.

All of those were different facets of one cultivator.

What was this old man on about?

Was this a misleading tactic to change their attention from his son's brilliance?

There was nothing like all powers becoming one. Even among the Transcendent Stage, Heart Qi was Heart Qi, Proficiency was Proficiency, Body was Body, and Magic Powers were Magic Powers. There was not even a point in making it all one.

In the first place, how does someone even fuse the powers of thoughts like Proficiency, which lets them cut deeper to something substantial?

"Clan Head must be joking…" Han Li rubbed the back of his head.

Li Xingguang sighed. "Even I think I am joking, but this was advice from my son. Do what you do with it." He glanced at Hua Yu. "Demonic Ice Fairy won't go down without at least taking one of our limbs or even heads; be prepared. I will go, I can't wait for you, but I hope you arrive in ten minutes or so."

With that, he flew away, and Hua Yu looked at Han Li.

Han Li asked, "Do you care for honor and meeting your promises?"

"I don't care for the promise I gave Li Xingguang, at least." SHe wasn't bound with Heart Qi to do that after all, it was just a verbal promise and not going through with it would only make her name a bit bad at the worst.

Han Li stretched, and his bones started breaking out of their languidness. He took out a small blue vial from his Empty Space and downed the liquid inside it. A second later, he vomited a drop of water, which kept floating in the air.

"Come, let's bail." He said, and Hua Yu carried him down the wall back to his home.

This time, Liyue immediately noticed him upon entry, and the wooden spear in her hand fell out. She walked towards Han Li and gently placed her hand on his chest. She took a deep breath and asked, "Where is Mother Yue?"

Han Li patted her head, "Not the time for this. We'll talk."

She was reluctant but silent; she didn't say anything and just nodded. Her eyes kept breaking out tears, but she sniffed and, keeping his hand tightly in hers, followed him. She really, really had thought of many things that could have gone wrong in his nearly week-long trip. The relief was like a stuck blade taken out of her heart.

They then also met Li Yao, who looked at Han Li with a sigh of relief and gave him a long embrace. Hua Feilan asked Hua Yu something from the side.

Li Yao said, "I saw your mother in the room a second ago, but I didn't tell Liyue. Yue Li looks roughed up. You guys seemed to have gone through some serious stuff…"

Han Li sighed and, with all of them, and a quickly caught chicken with him, returned to the room where his mother was sleeping.

Then, he woke her up once more; still rather fuzzy in the head, she put all of them—Liyue, Li Yao, Hua Feilan, and the chicken—into her Empty Space before once again falling asleep a bit later onto Han Li's chest. Han Li had also made her put the important stuff, like extra Magical Resources in their hands, into her Empty Space.

The room was once again deadly quiet. Only him, Hua Yu, and his mother were here now.

Han Li looked at Hua Yu. "That was really a humbling experience… I had overestimated myself and also The Trials. There was no chance that Nu Kai and I stood a chance against Li Shuanwei. He is someone we can't judge."

But there was no reason to fight him now.

Even now that he had forged his bones, Li Shuanwei was beyond him.

"Nu Kai?" Hua Yu frowned.

"Someone I know. Anyway, let's go." He took his mother in a princess carry and looked at Hua Yu with a deep breath.

She could carry them and fly. That would be their way of travel.

"Any plans?" She asked. She had many ways of her own to avoid a chase.

Han Li smiled. "There is a friend of mine, Yang Wei. Let's move towards him; you can't interfere in this, and nor can we move too close, but if I invite him, he should come to me on his own. I have a bit of frustration to release, and he seems like an opportunity that is ready for the picking."

Hua Yu corked her eyebrows.

He smiled, and they both walked out of the house. Floating at the level of the rooftops of the homes, Han Li looked down at the city from his vantage point. Everything was shaking slightly due to the fight in the distance.

"I have a route in mind. One where no one can chase us…" Han Li said. He had not much of a reaction to being afloat, and Hua Yu was not physically carrying them; her soul sense was at the level of psychokinesis, and it was hefting them.

"To which route?" She asked.

She preferred moving in her own hidden route, but maybe he had more ideas of better routes.

"There is an underwater cavern, and through it, we can reach another part of the continent. No one would chase."

They moved quickly and were soon far away from the city. Moving towards Yang Wei with a letter of challenge.

After 3 hours, the battle in the distance ended, and four figures flew and landed on the wall where Li Xingguang had parted with Han Li. Their faces were filled with frustration and even pity.

"If that Hua Yu actually helped, we would have killed the Ice Fairy!" The Raven Head spat.

As all of them began to bicker, though, Li Shuanwei, who was silently standing beside his father with a calm gaze, paused and looked at a small floating glob of water in front of them and frowned.

"…What is this?" he asked and frowned.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183 - 183: Blue Blob, Blue... Blob!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As all of them began to bicker, though, Li Shuanwei, who was silently standing beside his father with a calm gaze, paused and looked at a small floating glob of water in front of them and frowned.

"…What is this?" he asked and frowned. Everyone's attention shifted toward the baby-fist-sized orb of blue liquid floating in the air. Immediately, powerful Soul Senses moved and surrounded it before all of them encircled and watched it with caution.

Li Shuanwei himself was in the middle, his gaze filled with doubts. He couldn't sense what was making this thing float. In the end, his Soul Sense was not as good as the Power Birth Stage Cultivators…

He looked at his father, Li Xingguang, and saw how pale the man's face had become. Soon, Li Shuanwei's gaze moved to the rest of the two Clan Heads, Raven Clan Head and Rock Clan Head—their faces were pale too, but not as much as his own father's. A bad premonition came over him.

What was going on?

Did they sense something he couldn't?

Suddenly, all three Clan Heads bowed to their knees and said respectfully, "We greet the Transcendent."

Li Shuanwei felt his heart tremble as his father's Soul Sense pushed his own body into his knee. "What are you doing, Shuanwei? Greet the revered senior!"

Coming up with conclusions with a frown, Li Shuanwei bowed.

"This junior greets the senior."

At the same time, the globe of water started to morph and spasm for a second before it took the form of a miniature humanoid creature. With that alone, a sensation of fear started to bud in their hearts; even Li Shuanwei felt his heart tremble as fear began to rise within him.

Yet, deep within, he concurred, 'Heart Qi, only that can make me so fearful… a true Transcendence Stage Cultivator.' He silently gritted his teeth. Then, this must be the famed method of communication that only Transcendence Stage cultivators are said to have—using 60 different Magical Resources together to cook a Transcendent Magical Resource.

He had heard about it but had never seen it face to face. This method was said to be used by all Transcendent Cultivators to communicate with the outside world since they themselves are in secluded cultivation most of the time. It could carry their wills to have conversations hundreds of kilometers away, thousands, even.

But even though it was so useful, only Transcendence Stage cultivators can use it since it is a Transcendent Resource. If any below used it, they would just blow up their organs and die, unable to digest it.

Why was a Transcendent here? Which among the four in the Sacred Lust Continent was this?

The little creature moved sluggishly, standing up only to fall a second later, then waving its cute blue legs to stand in a better form. Then, it sized up the people around with its featureless face.

"Gaaa…" It said and then smilingly touched its mouth area. "No matter how much I have done it, I just can't get used to it." A cute voice said, sounding like a doll, but none of them felt amused, just scared and restless.

Of course, the Clan Heads of Raven and Rocks exchanged a slight glance. They hoped the new person would suppress Li Xingguang. As it was now, it was headed in a way that Li Xingguang would have a superior stand to them in all matters in the entire city from now on.

The Magical Resources would play a huge part in him, and they would also lose more advantages. Li Shuanwei was a monster. Regardless, they bowed respectfully without any movements to the 'Transcendent'.

Clearing his throat, Han Li chuckled.

"Where am I right now? He asked.

Of course, he was the one using this thing. It was a loss of a huge number of resources he had gotten, but indeed, he could pull a rug under them pretty easily with this. Who would believe a person, not Transcendent, not even a Power Born, just an Evolved, to use methods that only Transcendent used?

But he could do it. He had organs like the Sacred Demons.

What couldn't it digest?

He could digest anything below Sacred tier danger level things, if they existed, that is.

It was out of their entire belief system. He was unthinkable.

He was a monster.

"You are in the Southern Lust City, Revered Transcendent." The Raven Head said enthusiastically, and the featureless head of the little thing nodded.

For a long second, Han Li turned silent. He couldn't see much without eyes, but along with his will, a bit of soul sense seemed to have entered this; it could last for a while longer, but within around 2 hours, it should vanish. Such a temporary thing cost more than 60 Magical Resources.

Almost all of the resources he had had been used up; helping Hua Yu and making this Walkie Talkie Transcendance Resource had made him poor. But he now had some advantages to make out of the cost put in.

He showed his little palm to Li Shuanwei.

"I watched your fight, Junior," he said, his voice praising.

Li Shuanwei's heart skipped a beat.

"You are the best at your age I have ever seen. What Dao do you cultivate? I can't really sense whether you are an Evolved or not in this form…" He scratched his blue head and wondered if the man in front of him was 30 for truth or whether that was a lie, "but people around seemed to have considered you Unawakened when I asked earlier."

Hua Yu would have been proud had she heard him speak like this.

Li Shuanwei's face changed. He couldn't help but curse inside.

This fucking old man, I'd squeeze you to death. Of course, he didn't dare to. If he did, a Transcendent could reach him quite easily, and he would be dead in a day or two. No questions asked.

Li Shuanwei bowed down slightly, sweat covering his forehead. He sighed, "This junior very much dislikes violence. I am a very ascetic person. I usually stay in my home without disturbing anyone—"

Han Li's featureless face twitched slightly. That answer was eerily familiar, too; he had said the exact thing to Hua Yu when she was invasively asking him questions, but this time, it seemed to be the truth since that was what he had figured seeing the man himself.

Han Li waved his little hand in irritation. "I asked what Dao your Dao Soul has, not all that. Quickly say it, or this old man will bring his true body here to scan you myself."

Face severe, Li Shuanwei asked, "Senior, do you have to do this?"

Han Li suddenly seemed to have realized something and looked at the three Power Birth Stage Cultivators. "What are you bunch doing here? Scram for this Old Man!"

Immediately, they bowed and flew away. Even Li Xingguang was the same. When a Transcendent spoke, you listen, not question. The blue being looked at Li Shuanwei, curiosity etched across its expressionless face.

"I have no reason to do you harm, kid; you are too conceited. To me, you are just an ant. Now that's out there, tell me, what is your Dao Soul? Why are you so strong for your age? I also want to train my descendants to be like you."

Li Shuanwei grimaced. "Senior, isn't this breaking the unspoken rules of the cultivation world? I am just a weakling. Why are you bullying me like this? Aren't all these opportunities destined by heaven?"

"Snort!" Han Li cursed, "Such hypocrisy at such a young age. You might as well have walked the Demonic Path if you are to keep everything for yourself. Don't worry. I will give you something of equal value if you tell me what is happening. I might even take you as my disciple."

Li Shuanwei became silent. When his secret of being strong was even spread slightly, and when it attracted the attention of a foreign Power Born, he knew he was in for a lot of trouble. He had even expected a Transcendent coming for him, but he had a bunch of plans for that.

When they arrived, they would obviously arrive all four together since he would be quite famous by then; he could have pitted them against each other in a disciple-hiring battle and then become a disciple with all of the world looking at him. They all cared for reputation; he would be safe then, and he would also have a straight path to Transcendence… until this wild blue weed showed itself.

Even he himself didn't know who the person he was speaking to was.

"Brat," Han Li sighed seriously. "I won't make it difficult for you. I will come here myself in a bit."

"Senior," Li Shuanwei suddenly became calm and cold. "Why don't you use your Heart Qi to bind us in one path? I am sure what I can offer is quite a lot to you, but I don't want to let my secrets be out for no reason."

A blue indent of a smile appeared on the smooth face of the walkie-talkie.

"No, it is not about what you want. It is about what you get. If you say no, I can just bring myself here and slaughter you, and I can check everything myself."

Li Shuanwei coldly looked at him. "A Demonic Cultivator with no morals? So much for being a hypocrite." He smiled. "I can self-implode here before you arrive if that makes you reconsider. Even for a Transcendent, it should take a day or two to arrive here from one of the Four Sects. All my secrets, I'll take it with me."

Han Li's smile vanished.

"Self Implode then."

A painful silence stretched between them for exactly an hour until Li Shuanwei's gaze moved to the city beside him and the distant image of his father. His shoulder dropped.

He sighed.

"I do not practice Dao cultivation. It is the truth. I am just an Unawakened..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184 - 184: Heaven, Beast, and Human
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I do not practice Dao cultivation. It is the truth. I am just an Unawakened..."

The words stunned Han Li. But at the same time, it made him doubt. His Life Vision had always shown Li Shuanwei to be an Unawakened indeed. What was this?

A long silence stretched between them, and the walkie-talkie walked around. He was thinking to himself, what could have made Li Shuanwei so scarily strong if he was an Unawakened?

What was the reason?

"Elaborate," he said.

Li Shuanwei shook his head. "I am put between a rock and a hard place if you say it like that, Senior Transcendent. Now that I have your interest, why don't you bind that Heart Qi promise? I don't want many benefits, just two things. I don't want to give my method to everyone in the whole world; I want it to remain a secret between the senior and me.

"Even if you train your descendants, just bind them so that only one or two people can do it. This is just a simple request, isn't it? And also another request: you would not harm me or my interests unless I harm you after I give it to you. If you can, please also help me avoid other Transcendents interrupting my cultivation."

Hmm… If Han Li himself were a Transcendent, he indeed would have agreed to all. A measured level of request. After all, nobody would want a genius to be stolen from them by their opposition or rivals.

Han Li thought for a second and didn't act too stubborn. It was not that ridiculous of a request, anyway. In the first place, had they known his real identity, nothing would have been possible. Greed wasn't going to do it.

He knew that Li Shuanwei saying he would implode if he didn't get a Heart Qi promise was a very intelligent move on the man's part. Han Li would have done the same because, at that moment, Li Shuanwei himself was the most precious benefit here.

His death would hurt the interests of the opposition, but the man didn't seem to have the staunch heart to follow through with the idea and chose not to go through with that heated bargain with his own life as a price.

Li Shuanwei was not really afraid of death. Han Li could tell as much. It was just that the man could guess his own fate.

Now that he had been noticed by a 'Transcendent,' a greedy one at that, it was time to bow.

Han Li felt no scorn, though; there was no dishonor in bowing to your betters. Han Li himself could agree with that; he had killed many higher-status men with a knife wrapped in silk clothes.

He could also see the small path Li Shuanwei had left for himself.

Li Shuanwei's promise was an open-ended one; Han Li himself wouldn't be able to harm him as long as he didn't harm Han Li or his interests knowingly… the youth was extremely prideful of himself deep down and knew that if he had time, he could defeat Han Li.

There was also another thing: Li Shuanwei didn't really give so much importance to the method he used to fight higher levels. To him, it was not what made him special; it was being himself. In his mind, it was not the power itself but the man.

Han Li could judge many of these details now that he had seen the youth straight up. He felt a bit amused. A genius… huh… what actually made you powerful? Now, I am really curious.

The other party was just a 30-year-old youth, after all; how much could he hide from someone as old as 500 years? To Han Li, he was just a child, but a venomous one.

Calmly, Han Li and Li Shuanwei bound the Heart Qi binding.

Li Shuanwei would teach Han Li the truth about his own strength, and Han Li wouldn't harm him or spread that truth around with abandon. They were bound.

A way to avoid Transcendents? Might as well give it to you. Han Li smiled slightly. He could use this man. But then, his face grew thoughtful.

"Tell me, what makes you so strong?"

Filled with relief, Li Shuanwei sat cross-legged instead of bowing. "It is going to be a bit long. I can speak like this, right?"

"I am not one for ceremonies. Speak."

…

"In ancient times, the creatures of this world didn't have any powers. But then, the Dao Tree and the Sacred Demons brought people from both the Everlasting Human World and Everlasting Demon World here, and people gained powers.

"The people from the Beast World are the Beasts who can evolve to more perfect forms by upgrading their Beast Cores. Humans? Humans didn't really have any powers at the start."

Han Li listened carefully.

He could see Li Shuanwei's indifference to the story. But he himself was reeling slightly inside. He knew of this story since it was part of the Sacred Demon inheritance. Inside the Rust of his sword, all of these things were recorded. But how did the youth know it all so clearly if he had no inheritance?

Was he… another Inheritor?

"Humans got the power by cultivating to become closer to the 'dead' Dao Tree. The Dao Tree had the greatest Dao, the Origin Dao. The Origin Dao was split into seven Great Daos: Life, Light, Darkness, Water, Wind, Earth, and Fire. The seven Great Daos were then split into a multitude of normal Daos like Starlight, Rock, and similar."

Han Li, in walkie-talkie form, nodded. But he also couldn't tell what made Li Shuanwei different.

"In Cultivation, people are blessed with a small part, an entry ticket to a Dao in the form of the Spark. Starlight Spark, for example. And people awaken to it, becoming Awakening Stage Cultivators.

"In the next stage of Evolution, they truly step into the next level, where they have Minor levels of control over their Dao. For example, Starlight Clan members gain a minor level of control over Starlight Dao. That also makes their Spark a Minor Dao Soul of the said Dao.

"In the Power Birth Stage, they gain even more control over the said Dao. They gain Intermediate Dao Souls and Intermediate control over it."

Han Li nodded. He could tell where the conversation was headed.

"But in the Transcendence Stage? We should have gained full control over the said Dao, but we haven't. As senior himself doesn't. Instead, we gain Minor Control over a Great Dao. An Intermediate Starlight Dao Soul would become a Minor Great Dao of Light Soul."

Han Li nodded. "That's obvious. If a single person gained control over a Dao, what would other people on that Dao become?"

He himself had been stunned when he learned he could slowly make Lust Dao his own. Maybe even the Great Dao of Life someday.

"Yes, senior." Li Shuanwei calmly spoke. "But after seeing such things, I began to question everything. I became hateful of cultivation as a whole. I understood at that point something that I had been missing.

"The Dao Tree was not dead; its consciousness was the Heavens; when we accumulate the Energy around and make it into Dao Crystals of a said path, we can use it to trade for Magical Powers. It is using us as the root of the tree now."

Han Li didn't need more explanation than that. Indeed, when the Dao Tree was complete, it had its roots in the emptiness around it, and it absorbed the power from the void to create this world. Now, where did it get the power to sustain itself in a new form, as the Heavens?

Of course, from the 'trades' it did with Cultivators. It was all along right before him.

Han Li took a second to nod, but he still nodded. He already knew it, but that was in this life, his second life. He felt ashamed.

"We are the root and also the hope for the Dao Tree. It wants to create Sacred Demons who can join together to make it be reborn again. Seven Sacreds joining together would have equal powers as the Heavens, equal powers to the Dao Tree.

"It wants to create Seven Sacred Cultivators and make them help it rebuild itself by combining their forces and absorbing energy from the Void. Only the combined force of the seven can do it."

"What is this all related to you?" Han Li asked calmly.

The youth sighed, his laziness evident. "The schemes go deep. These are mostly what I speculated. Everything in this world has already been planned by the Heavens, and we are merely pawns in the way. Seven people should be out somewhere whom it had chosen. Only they matter in the end.

All others are just never going to become Sacreds.

"They seven are the Heaven's children, we all? Just those seven's fuel. No matter how good we are… we are all destined to be slaves for the seven."

Han Li looked at the man calmly.

"When they gain control over the Great Dao, a Sacred Cultivator for each of the seven Daos… they will probably own all our lives. We are nothing but their Crystal collectors. We would collect Dao Crystals, pay them to the owner of the Dao as if in debt, and when the time comes, die.

"When I myself realized that, I was just 13. I compiled all this through my observation of the world… I lost hope. Cultivation was meaningless; it was not meant for me. Not anybody. I never Awakened even though my father asked me to do so many times. I hated cultivation, and I still do.

Thus, I am but a mere Unawakened."

Han Li was genuinely awed. If it was true, the person in front of him was probably the most terrifying mind he had ever seen. No wonder the youth had such a big eye bag. It was the mind of a Nihilist. No wonder he was lazy. He found no meaning in living.

Han Li wasn't so discouraged. At his age, he had seen many types of geniuses, and even though this one stood out, people better than him existed in this world, but in the end, what mattered the most was how one handled such people.

Circumstances were above men, always. Even now, he wasn't contending against this genius using brute strength after all. He was using conventional beliefs. Maybe, the youth himself would realize he was used some time later.

"So what did you come to know in the end? Why are you so strong?"

The youth chuckled. A profound aura began to emanate from him. An aura much weaker than the aura of the Heart Qi that Han Li could use but much more exotic.

The aura was pure. Calm. Lazy, almost. But with just that, he felt as if a blade was put on his neck, not only here but even far in the distance; his real body itself felt a shiver go through it… even while it was unconscious.

Han Li's heart tightened. "What is this Power?"

The aura of power receded, and the youth waved his hand. "It's simple, really. Beasts had the Beast Core that they inherited from the Beasts of the Everlasting Beast World. Humans? We are and have always been using the power of this world's Dao Tree, not any power we inherited from the Everlasting Human World. What power… Do the Humans have that they inherited?"

The walkie-talkie form trembled.

Indeed, what was the original Power of the Humans from the Everlasting Human World?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185 - 185: The Strongest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Beasts had Beast Cores they inherited from the Everlasting Beast World…

What about Humans?

What power did they inherit from their interworld ancestors?

Li Shuanwei liked to speak deliberately and slowly, as if he were giving Han Li a picture to figure out the bigger view himself.

Han Li calmly pondered.

Sparks were just powers of the Dao Tree, the Heavens of this world—The World of the Seven Continents. It was a power originally from this world.

But Beast Cores were not. Han Li didn't have much knowledge of it and didn't even really know if it would be possible for Beasts to go beyond Beast King level, which was equivalent to Power Borns. What were the Beast Emperors like?

He had been rather unclear about what even the Heavens were, but now that he had the perspective of Li Shuanwei to think from, he could figure things out.

Indeed…

The Dao Tree being alive in the form of a world-encompassing consciousness made him quite a lot worried about its intentions and also about his Talents.

Would the Dao Tree, the origin of the world itself, actually allow him to steal one of its Daos? Would it? It was basically like stealing its flesh, after all.

Would it obediently give him the ownership oveer the Dao of Lust?

Li Shuanwei didn't interrupt his thoughts.

A minute later, Han Li's voice was severe as he asked, "You found the power of the Humans from the Everlasting Human World? What power do they have? How can we use it ourselves?"

This was not at the level of simple battle strength anymore.

This might as well influence his ambition of attaining immortality and gaining control over life and death.

This was now, actually, solidly important.

Li Shuanwei showed him a calm smile and said, "It is actually rather refreshing to have spoken this out. I also deduced something else. Would you like to know of it?"

Han Li shook his head. "I could guess what it is. I have heard of the multiple worlds in this universe. Each world has a wilted Dao Tree, and among them, people could not even cultivate most of them. But two worlds stand out from all of it, right? The Everlasting Human World and the Everlasting Beast World.

"Those two worlds are the only two worlds with a mature Cultivation System and even complete echo systems. All of the rest of the multiple worlds, including our Seven Continents, are incomplete. Even though I don't know how or why that is since I haven't seen what a complete world like the Everlasting World looks like.

"But our world is special in that it has the powers of both worlds here. Your deduction must be about how this world can create the strongest cultivator in all three worlds. The strongest—Someone who walks all three paths of Beast, Human, and… Heaven/Dao Tree."

In fact, Han Li himself had a wild thought from long ago… his mother had come from a different world. Where was that from?

He had had some thoughts, but he hadn't yet gotten the chance to read her memories and make sure of them.

Li Shuanwei couldn't help but slightly pause.

"Exactly, senior…" His voice was a bit surprised but not too much. He himself had compiled the truth of places like different worlds and such from the hundreds of thousands of myths and legends regarding the Sacred Demons; only then had he been able to compile the most possible truth.

But all Transcendents must already know of these things… or so he guessed.

"So I began my research and…" Li Shuanwei sighed this time before opening his palm. A small transparent orb was there. "You asked me my Dao Soul, I don't have one since I am an Unawakened. This is my Beast Core, or as I like to call it, my Human Core. It is of no Dao or Attribute. It just is."

Han Li's heart trembled slightly.

"What does it do?"

"It makes my body stronger like Transformation Path Cultivators. I could totally stand toe to toe with Sacred Talent Evolved even if they transform. My body is as strong as any in the Evolution Stage and I have more potential than them since I am like a Beast but with intelligence. I am far inferior to Below Average Power Birth Physiques."

'About as strong as myself physically…' Han Li noted.

"So, how did you gain this Beast Core?"

"Simple…" Li Shuanwei dragged there. No matter how deeply he knew it was all meaningless due to him not being one of the seven inheritors, it was still painful to give away his own fortune.

Yet, part of being a nihilist came with calmness. He continued, "I gained the Beast Core in a very lucky encounter. I don't know if senior himself would struggle to do it." This made Han Li squint secretly. "I accidentally picked up a Life Dao Magical Resource. I don't know its name. It looked like a golden ball of solidified fire, but nothing happened after I ate it.

Then, once, when I was out, a Beast ate me. It was a huge creature and it had eaten me whole.

"When I woke up, though, I had ended up completely devouring that Beast. I could feel it in my stomach. Before I knew it, I had gotten a Beast Core, something that no human before me had ever accomplished."

Han Li nodded, approving of the fact. He himself had no idea what the said Magical Resource was, but with that much information, his mother's system should do the rest. Li Shuanwei couldn't lie after the binding, after all.

"So your physical prowess is all due to eating a Beast after eating a lucky resource. Then what about your capability to fight Power Birth Stage Cultivators?" Han Li could guess, but he asked regardless.

Li Shuanwei called back his Beast/Human Core into himself.

Then, he calmly showed something in his other hand. It was a ball of invisible flame.

"It is this power. Human Cultivation is also split into categories like Beast Cultivation and Dao Tree Cultivation. It is the power of the Vital Weapons. The power humans inherited from the Everlasting Human World."

"…" Han Li listened.

"We can bind anything in the whole world into our invisible flame. Only one thing, but that one thing could be anything.

"From dust to fire to anything! I made hot wind into my Vital Weapon, and it would forever grow stronger with me, and people can't see or easily resist it when I attack with it.

"It would also gain unique powers, especially if I use it with strong weapons. Like I can fuse the power of the hot wind with a sword, and it would gain that power. Hot wind is not the only choice; we can make anything we can touch into our Vital Weapon, and it is much easier to grow in strength than cultivating to higher levels."

"How strong is that weapon?" Han Li asked.

"It can help me stand toe to toe with a weak Power Born for a while. It also grows stronger the more I… am like the wind, carefree and lazy. I don't know the principle of it, but it is a very reliable weapon."

Han Li's gaze slowly grew calm. Indeed, Li Shuanwei had avoided cultivating the path of the Dao Tree because he knew it was worthless to cultivate on that path for anyone but the Seven Sacred Inheritors. But Han Li could have all three: Beast, Human, and Heaven.

It almost seemed as if someone had thrown it on his lap. This was exactly meant for him. Yet, he kept his cynical thoughts of new things active. He had to learn before he took any hasty actions.

"How do I gain a Vital Weapon?" Han Li calmly asked. That seemed to be more than just a weapon. It was the power of the Humans from the higher world. He wanted it.

While these were all the truths, his dear ancestor Li Xingguang had told him to fuse Proficiency, Heart Qi, and such into one. What a misdirection. Idiots would have been misguided.

Li Shuanwei hesitated for a second before saying with a sigh, "You have to gain a sort of enlightenment on what you want and just keep in that enlightened form for some years. I wanted to be like the wind, and when years of that ambition held, I gained my Vital Weapon. I had the choice of what kind of wind I wanted, and I chose hot wind as the weapon.

"Then, the more I did to go on that ambition, the stronger my weapon became. So it is a power of will, I guess… The more ambitious or more someone wants it, the stronger it will be. But the pivotal point of the enlightenment was when I ate another Life Type Magical Resource, Enlightened Heart Fruit, it had made my mind as calm as death itself."

Han Li furrowed his brows.

Years?

So, it was not an instant power-up, but he didn't think he lacked ambition. He had the ambition to become something more than anyone—to become Immortal, the controller of life and death. He wondered if that counted.

Then, there were those two Life Dao Fruits.

This kid really had luck, having eaten two Life Dao Resources in a life as short as 30 years old. It was as if heaven had planned everything…

Han Li's mind shook slightly but for now, he delved that thought aside.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186 - 186: Wheretofore?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and Li Shuanwei spoke till the walkie-talkie form became nearly transparent. They spoke about the random things. The simple comprehension Han Li had of what the world was and what a human's life was.

Nihilism is the belief that nothing in the world has a real existence and that life is meaningless. Li Shuanwei embodied this in his very being; he was somewhat similar to Han Li himself, just that he lacked the drive or desire to achieve meaning in the meaningless.

He believed a life that was temporary was worthless, and Han Li believed so, too, but more than that, he believed that achieving immortality would change that.

Li Shuanwei also thought similarly, but when Han Li curiously asked why he didn't actively seek such a thing while being so talented, he only had one answer.

"I don't believe the lack of meaning is bad, for me… it is more beautiful this way. Do beautiful things need to have a meaning for them to be beautiful?" LI Shuanwei was much calmer now, and Han Li's walkie-talkie was also contemplative. "Life would last till it lasted, and then I'd die and be forgotten.

I myself won't move forward but if I am forced to do that in order to avoid being killed, I'd do it. I would try to do my best in everything, but then when the time comes, I'll die."

Han Li nodded. No wonder he was going full-on hard battle in the Trials. Their conversation had also been immensely enlightening to him. Li Shuanwei also thought the same.

After all, Han Li had given him a way to avoid the eyes of other Transcendents. It was by visiting a certain town, if he went there, no Transcendents would attack him or come in search of him because only Power Birth Stage or below cultivators could survive there. It was a unique mystical spot in the Seven Continents.

The place was still unpopular and hidden but in two more years, it would become a tourist spot. There was no unique benefit to be had from there either. Han Li had decided to help him for one reason, and that was to use him.

Why?

Such people were threats while being just as useful. What if he found more ways to strengthen himself? Han Li could have it for himself.

The only worry would be Li Shuanwei becoming as strong as Transcendents but Han Li doubted it was possible. Beasts needed a Transcendence Orb to become Beast Emperors; that should be the same for Human Vital Weapons, as far as he'd understood. They had spoken intensively about that system, after all.

Of course, he would have preferred such a threat to die but might as well ignore and see the benefits since killing was not a choice now.

Yet, Han Li still found one thing a big pity. Li Shuanwei had gotten a tree of Life Dao Resources. Every six months, a resource would be born in it. That was the best thing!

Regardless, Han Li knew he would return for that. Just not now.

His blue walkie-talkie form trembled and vanished. Li Shuanwei calmly looked at the spot where he had disappeared and yawned. Soon, his father flew up to the wall.

"Had the Transcendent gone?"

Li Shuanwei nodded, stretching. "What an irritating person. I wish I could kill him, but I am not strong enough."

Li Xingguang felt his heart tremble and looked around nervously.

"Father," Li Shuanwei said calmly, "there is a person called Han Li somewhere in the village, find him and kill him. I am too lazy to do it myself… and kill his family, too, just in case someone grows strong and brings trouble. He seems to have some secrets; he was fighting an Evolved in the Demon World; he is a rat hiding its fangs."

Li Xingguang was stunned. "…Han Li… You met him in the Demon World?"

Li Shuanwei furrowed his brows. Thinking of what might have happened.

"Indeed, he escaped by this time. How was it? Did he have the help of a Power Born? If not, we should be able to catch up."

Feeling his nerves bulge slightly, the father explained what had happened earlier to his son, and the youth's eyes turned cold. "To be schemed against by such a youth, you should be ashamed, father. And that Hua Yu… does she have any connections? Blackmail her with them."

"No… her only known connection is Hua Feilan, and they had all vanished from the city as you guessed. I searched everywhere. Nothing remains of them here."

Li Shuanwei felt his brows furrow but then relaxed.

"Whatever."

***

Far from the Southern Lust City, in an underwater cavern, Han Li opened his eyes. They shone like dark red rubies, and his eyes were calm. He silently noted the details of the conversation, mulling over it again and again.

"The three paths of cultivation…" He couldn't help but think of the implication.

Beast Cores made one's body stronger, and now he knew how to gain one. He just required a very specific Life Dao Resource. But his body was already strong as he trained in the art of Demonic Transformations.

What would the Beast Cores do?

He couldn't help but be eager to get his next Life Dao Resource. Then there was the whole Vital Weapon thing… His Life Sword was in a makeshift cloth sheath on the side, along with his sleeping mother.

He then looked up to see Hua Yu looking at him curiously. He was lying on the woman's lap, but she didn't seem to mind particularly. "Why did you suddenly fall unconscious? Don't tell me, was that thing you cooked using many Magical Resources really a Transcendent Resource? Won't you die if you eat it?"

Han Li sat up. "Let's move till my mother wakes up, towards the Bone Clan. We should be able to get out of the underground cavern by the end of the night. It's a long flight."

Furrowing her brows in dissatisfaction, Hua Yu snorted. Han Li slung the Life Sword on his back and gently took his mother in a princess carry.

They had dived into the water to enter the underground cavern, but they were not even wet; Hua Yu's soul sense had protected them. She really had been a bunch helpful.

"Let's go, Hua Yu," he said.

They then floated up and moved through the air towards their goal.

Han Li held his unconscious mother close to his chest. No matter what, Li Shuanwei would have to die. For one thing, he was a threat. For another, Han Li didn't like the fact that his mother was hurt. In addition to that, Han Li also wanted the fruit tree in his hand.

"But for now… Yang Wei, I hope you have what I need."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187 - 187: Regroup
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the midst of a forest, the symphony of wildlife blended harmoniously with the whispering leaves. A river wound its way through this emerald expanse, babbling and frolicking until it arrived at a profound brink. This was the crest of the waterfall, where the water momentarily gathered itself, hovering at the precipice as if contemplating the fall.

The descent was nothing short of spectacular.

Water tumbled through the ether, droplets capturing the sun's rays and casting rainbows into the mist. The cascade descended with a grace and force that belied the calm journey it had taken thus far. It crashed onto the rocks below, worn smooth by countless years of relentless outpourings. It was a wondrous sight.

Underneath the waterfall was a small river.

Yue Li floated above the surface skillfully, looking at the sky in the early morning. Her legs waved in the water, and she swam in circles, her mind calm and serene.

Thinking of the past few days, all she could remember were bloodshed and chaos. At first, she and Xiao Li moved out of the city after Liyue's wedding was interrupted in the middle by some kind of incident—she was happy she could travel with Xiao Li.

He was also very sweet, as usual.

But regardless, when they were inside an Elephant Statue, he killed someone. He was strong, she knew it, but his killing someone had made her startled. Then, one thing after the other happened: the world was devoured by red mist, and they floated into the sky.

They entered the Demon World.

Then, it was one fight before the other till they found the white-haired girl, Ruo. Then, they hid in a cave and rested till Xiao Li moved out just before they entered the Trials and he must have killed more.

A monk had appeared in front of her and called him a Demon—

She dipped her head into the water and swam underneath for a while…

—After that, they entered the trials.

The trials were very fun. There were also rewards, so it was doubly fun.

The first trial was a test of enduring pain by touching a fire. Xiao Li won it easily, and she even got the chance to taste the pain at the last moment. Uh, it was horrendous. They got 3000 Neutral Dao Crystals as a reward for it.

Then, a lot of things happened; in the second trial, they had great sex. He was quite rough, unlike his usual sweet self. They got some kind of recipe for winning that trial if she remembered correctly.

After that, they fought animals who were statues that transformed into living, breathing animals. Xiao Li forced her into the ring and made her fight them. She was literally shivering. So afraid. And the bastard didn't even help her until she started killing them.

She floated back out to the surface. It was still just the break of the morning, and the chill in the air was quite powerful. She spat out some water.

The waterfall was so mighty.

She thought of the last Trial they were a part of. At first, Han Li fought a monk-like fast person but won in the end due to his unholy stamina but then, Li Shuanwei came out of hiding. She felt guilty at the thought.

Maybe if she hadn't interrupted her son due to her weakness… he might have defeated Li Shuanwei and gotten that tree. She knew that was a wondrous thing. He really seemed to have wanted it.

Really, she had lost her hand in a fight Xiao Li had with that Li Shuanwei guy from their own village. She couldn't help but sigh, yet right after, she smiled. A hand wrapped around her legs and pulled her into the water. She took a deep breath just before she was entirely pulled in.

A youth looked at her through the clear water, his eyes calm. A voice transmission entered her mind, "Does it hurt? Your hand."

She shook her head.

He unceremoniously wrapped his hand around her waist and pressed her to himself.

"It's my incompetence that made you hurt," he pressed his forehead against hers. "Don't think too much of anything; let's go; you are now clean of all the blood and everything. It's time to bring the girls out."

They swam back and soon jumped into the river bank. Han Li gave her a hand, and she didn't put her wet feet on the mud; instead, she stood atop his feet. In a simple, quick movement, he shifted her to his back, and she wrapped her hand around his neck. She was only wearing her undergarments, and he was naked.

Calmly looking at the top of the waterfall, Han Li shouted, "Help us raise Hua Yu!"

Yawning, a woman parted the waterfall like a curtain using only her soul sense and revealed a cave behind. Then, using the same thing, she helped Han Li and Yue Li fly into the cave. They entered the cave, and the waterfall returned to normal.

Han Li washed his dirty foot in the mighty fall and entered the cave. A lantern made the cave bright. Hua Yu threw Yue Li a white robe and Han Li a dark robe.

Unlike Han Li himself, a Power Born could put anything that was equal or lesser to the maximum distance their Soul Sense could stretch into their Empty Space. Which was far more than enough to carry things like clothes or similar. Whereas, Han Li could only fit things of palm size for now.

Of course, his Mother's Empty Space had even more space than the Power Born herself, but that was temporary. She would lose the power to put life forms into her Empty Space in merely four more days.

With a smile, Yue Li rubbed the back of her head and quickly got dressed. She didn't really know this woman yet but had seen her earlier when she woke up. She had to question him later.

Han Li also quickly got dressed. Then, he asked, "Did you get the pigeon?"

Hua Yu calmly nodded. She didn't really have to do whatever he asked for and only had to protect him, but she didn't mind helping him since he was indeed helping her grow stronger. She showed him a calm pigeon lying in a nest on the rugged walls of the cave.

He nodded. He could feed it a Wind Dao resource, and it would deliver his letter of challenge to Yang Wei, not exactly to the man but to the Bone Clan City. If it reached there, Yang Wei should get it one way or the other.

Han Li took a towel and dried his mom's wet hair with it as he said, "Bring them out." She closed her eyes, and one by one, the cavern started to fill up with unconscious women.

Hua Yu clicked her tongue in amazement.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188 - 188: The new area near the fall, the best!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li took a towel and dried his mom's wet hair with it as he said, "Bring them out."

Yue Li closed her eyes, and one by one, the cavern started to fill up with unconscious women. Plus, a chicken.

Little Ruo still seemed to be in an extremely powerless state, almost sickly. His disciple Wei Yuanfen was sleeping in a weird position, showing her butt to him with her face pressed on the ground with drool dripping out.

Liyue clutched a stick, her impromptu spear, in her hand, and Li Yao was hugging a bottle of alcohol. Then, there was Hua Feilan, who was asleep cross-legged with a serious expression.

On the side, Hua Yu clicked her tongue in amazement.

"Are these Life-Dao Resources candies or something?" she mumbled.

She couldn't help but be dazed.

One Life-Dao resource was used on Yue Li to heal her hands, and another was used on her to allow her to carry people inside her Empty Space. Were these things candies or something?

One had to know that it was an extremely rare resource compared to other types of Resources, to the point a run-of-the-mill Power Born would only see it once or twice in their whole life. After all, only Life-Dao Resources can so easily help lifeforms to do all sorts of miraculous deeds.

Healing missing limbs, gaining another organ, and so on and so forth. In contrast, other Dao Resources were useful but, at the same time, not nearly so ridiculously helpful to life forms.

But she could see why it was in Han Li's hands… The Demon World.

She couldn't help but feel regretful that she wasn't a part of such an opportunity.

Han Li himself also found it a big pity since he couldn't complete all of the trials. Had he had the time to grow, he really believed he could have done it.

Sighing with a smile, he looked at the unconscious woman. He was still drying his mother's hair, and she was enjoying the attention; her beautiful face seemed to be filled with relaxation.

He left the towel above her head and walked towards the most ridiculous one, Wei Yuanfeng. He gave her a soft kick on her ass. "Wake up."

She didn't wake up but instead muttered something in irritation.

Yue Li laughed and took the towel down. "She doesn't want to wake up. Seems like it was comfortable inside."

Han Li gave her another soft kick.

She mumbled something once more.

Hua Yu smiled on the side and gently slapped Hua Feilan's face, making the girl slowly come to her senses.

Han Li sighed and moved on to the next person after Yuanfeng; he hesitated, looking at Little Ruo, who was seemingly sickly. Then, asked Hua Yu, "Use your healing powers on the girl. Try to heal anything there might be."

It was then that Hua Yu found the girl. She frowned slightly but didn't question the backstory for now. She healed the girl while Hua Feilan looked from the side.

As Han Li moved on, Yue Li was pulled into a conversation by Hua Feilan and Hua Yu.

…

The cave was cool, the noise of the waterfall outside relentless. Han Li sat, leaning against the cave wall, and simply pulled Liyue and Li Yao into his embrace—one of them on each part of his chest.

They both tightened their hugs around him, feeling warm. For a long minute, he closed his eyes and enjoyed the softness of their bodies. With a smile, he calmed down and didn't try to wake them up. Why would he when they were so relaxed?

He then looked at Liyue and furrowed his brows slightly.

Did she grow more beautiful while he was away? Her hair was longer, her skin fairer.

Suddenly, her limpid eyes fluttered open and focused on him. They looked at each other for a long time.

"Sigh… I thought I could enjoy my sleeping beauty for a while longer," Han Li said.

Liyue was a bit startled but smiled. "Should I go back to sleep, Big Brother Han?"

"Your heartbeat is rising. How can you fall asleep?" He teased, and she cleared her throat slightly before resting her head comfortably on his chest and looking at her mother on the other side. Her ears were pressed against Han Li's chest.

"Is your heartbeat rising, Big Brother?"

"Slightly."

"I missed you so much…" Liyue sniffed, and her hug around him tightened. "I thought I would never see you again. It was scary."

Han Li kissed the top of her head. "Did you practice the spear while I wasn't around?"

"Of course. I improved… At least, Lady Hua Yu says so, but she is not as good as you… um, Husband."

"Not yet. We will have one more marriage ceremony. A grander one!"

"I don't really want one anymore."

"I want one."

Liyue smiled slightly and traced her finger on his chest. "Big Brother, you promised me something. Do you remember? Just before you ran out of the wedding—our own wedding."

Not smiling, Han Li pinched her cheeks. "When did you learn to guilt trip your Big Brother? It must be Hua Yu and Hua Feilan who taught you that. They are trying to corrupt my Liyue's pure soul."

She looked up at him, eyes starry, and exchanged a brief kiss. "Your Liyue is still as pure as ever, but I happen to remember what you said: 'When I am back, I will devote all my time exclusively to you for three days, ignoring the others.' So I can consider you are mine alone for the time?"

"When had I treated you like I am not solely your man," Han Li sighed. "But not now. I am a bit pressed for time. I'll go on a honeymoon trip with my dear wife after I marry her. Enough?"

She nodded happily. "Enough. Better than what I expected."

"Should we wake up your mom?"

Liyue hesitated for a bit before nodding. "She never shows her appearance of being in a relationship with you to me. She wants it to be so, but I don't want it to be like that."

He nodded. He had a promise to Li Yao not to act lustfully in front of her daughter, but that was solely regarding lustful acts and never such an innocent display of affection.

He moved his head to the side, kissed Li Yao's neck, and traced a path to her ear; then, he bit on it gently. Liyue looked at his actions curiously.

Li Yao woke up, face filled with fear for a second before it relaxed. She thought something had bitten her in her sleep.

Han Li pressed his lips against her, and it quickly turned into an intense kissing session. When she was out of breath, and they broke the kiss, she looked sideways, and her face flushed red when she saw Liyue serenely lying against Han Li's chest, looking at her with a chuckle.

Luckily for Han Li, there were no bacteria inside the Empty Space, so they didn't have to brush after nearly hours of sleep, and their mouths were clean.

Li Yao immediately hid her face in Han Li's neck out of shame for a second before standing up calmly, or so she wished until Han Li's hand firmly kept her in place. He could feel both the mother and daughter's chest pressing against his own, extremely soft.

Li Yao turned her face and didn't look at her daughter for a long second before she sighed. "Liyue, your husband really is a bastard. The little fucker had a promise with me not to do this in front of you, yet he did it. Fuck him!"

"Yeah, I will do that later."

Both Li Yao and Han Li looked at Liyue in a bit of disbelief.

"Our pure Liyue is no more…" He sighed in lamentation.

Li Yao sighed, too, and got comfortable on his chest. Han Li smiled.

He gave Liyue a little flick on her forehead. "Don't say such crass words to your mother. Respect her."

Suddenly, Han Li felt someone kick his legs and looked up. It was his mother.

"What, Mom?"

"It is disrespectful when it is said to Li Yao, and you little prick can call me anything? So you don't respect me at all, huh."

"How can that be? Come, there is space in the middle for you; I can take all three of you at once. Sleep here."

She clicked her tongue and gave his foot another kick, laughter to her tone, "Your disciple Wei Yuanfeng woke up and asked me something."

"What?"

"She said she was feeling a weird cringe when she was looking at you guys being so flirty. Wondering if that was love. I told her it was just a cringe-inducing level of flirting. She went to bathe in the water along with Hua Yu and Hua Feilan."

Han Li's eyes lit up. "Did Hua Yu send the pigeon away?"

"Yeah, she did send a pigeon flying."

Han Li nodded. So, the letter of challenge against Yang Wei had already been sent. Having someone like Hua Yu was really helpful. With a smile, Han Li once again kissed Li Yao, and she could only comply and fall on his chest.

"Yue Li, your son won't let me go…"

"Suffer, woman. I think I am jumping back into the water once more; it's really fun there. Xiao Li… Hua Feilan and Hua Yu have beautiful bodies, and they are in their undergarments, you know? Wanna join me in the water once more, I'll also only wear undergarments."

"I am coming, Mother," Liyue said enthusiastically. She could see the waterfall from there and had been wondering where they were for a while. She wanted to join!

It was a goddamn waterfall, after all!

Han Li let go of her, and Yue Li gave her a hand, which she took to stand up. "Big Brother. Want to join us? I wanted to bathe with you for a while."

He shook his head. "Not now. I already bathed earlier. After the evening, I'll join you. Now I want to cultivate and sort some things out."

"Um…" Liyue hesitated. "Then I am not going. I'll help you cultivate."

Yue Li smiled, wrapped her hand around Liyue's neck, and walked towards the waterfall. "Later, later. Now we bathe; it's fun down there; leave your mother here to help him."

Li Yao said with a sigh, "I also want to come… play in the water."

Yue Li waved a bye with her hand and shouted, "Hua Yu, please help us down!"

The waterfall hindered their sound, but a Power Birth physique could hear it clearly. The fall parted, and they floated in the air towards the base of the river. Liyue screamed midway, calling out Han Li's name, but soon, her sound vanished.

Han Li looked at Li Yao, and they exchanged a kiss once more. His tongue moved into her and wrapped around her tongue in a silent battle, which she soon lost, but then the battle would restart instead of dominating her.

They broke the kiss.

Han Li brought her on top of him and pressed her to himself. They both breathed heavily for a second. Then, Li Yao sat up and got comfortable on his lap. She could feel his thing poking her ass, even through the clothes.

"There is a sleeping kid there. Let's go deeper into the cavern first," Han Li carried her, stood up, and walked deeper into the cavern. This was a long structure stretching far into the distance. So there was enough room to avoid disturbing the people still asleep inside.

Little Ruo had been wrapped up in blankets and was also given a pillow by Hua Yu and the gang, and there was also a sleeping chicken to the side.

Deep in the cavern, in a dark area. Han Li put down his mother-in-law, and she stretched.

"The lack of a bed is really bad…" she said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189 - 189: Li Yao, the mother in law
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Deep in the cavern, in a dark area. Han Li put down his mother-in-law, and she stretched.

"The lack of a bed is really bad…" Li Yao said, feeling uncomfortable with the hard green rocks. A lack of bedding really was bad.

"You underestimate my means, Miss Mother-in-law." Han Li chuckled and took out a blue leaf. It looked to have black lines stretching through it. He threw it on the ground and crushed it under his foot. With a spurt, water broke out as if it was a balloon that had been pierced, and a small futon-like mattress had been made on the ground.

Li Yao was surprised. She wasn't too knowledgeable about these things, but… a Water Dao Resource?

Her son-in-law only smiled; he had gotten quite a steal from the Starlight Family's collection of Magical Resources, and he had yet to sort it out completely. But indeed, he had some of these useful little things like the Water-Bed Leaf he had just used.

The bed made of water was wide enough to have three people sleeping on it at once, and it also had quite a lot of height from the ground.

Wrapping his hand around Li Yao's waist, he pushed her onto the futon, and she blinked, feeling the unique sense of comfort of the bed. It was soft and rather malleable, her body easily sinking into it. Han Li gently held the woman's hands down, his gaze locked with hers.

She was in loose white robes, her pretty black eyes were a bit drowsy, as if perpetually drunk these last few days, and there was a lack of purpose in her brows, a laziness, a sense of languidness.

"You have been slacking, haven't you?" Han Li asked with a tone laced with irritation. He had given her some basic methods to train herself to be fitter, but he could even see a slight belly fat on her; she had certainly been a burden on Liyue.

Li Yao scratched her cheek, a slight flush of shame on her face, "I did work out. And I hadn't been some kind of burden or something. I cooked and cleaned the house. It's just that I drank too much."

Sitting on her belly, Han Li removed her upper robes, and her breasts jumped out, tied under dark undergarments that his mom would call ancient—just thin clothes tied around the breast and vagina in a unique fashion.

"When did you start to wear such things?" Han Li asked curiously as he fondled her breasts through the dark and thin cloth. Her abundance really showed.

She moaned slightly at the touch and said, "I did use to wear them; I just stopped using them when I was bedridden, and when you were around, there was no use for them since I didn't know when you would want to have a go at the bed. I was just trying them out recently."

He gently pinched her nipples through the cloth, and he could feel her turning on, her whole body heating up, and her breathing quickening. With a simple move, he tore away the undergarments, and she yelped, "Don't tear it, Uh!"

Her boobs finally fell out of their holds and revealed their majestic forms to Han Li, milky white, beautifully shaped with an erect pink nipple standing proudly atop. His one hand could barely contain them as he pressed and molded them to his heart's content.

Her breathing grew heavier, but she asked, "Was the last week dangerous? Yue Li seemed more confident and, somehow, different."

"Pretty much. Liyue also seemed a bit different. Only you are without growth." His other hand moved down and tore away the garment below her waist. Her well-cleaned, shaved, and delicate flower was in full bloom between her thighs, a rosy tint to her otherwise fair tan skin.

He used his seduction talent slightly.

Almost tightening her thighs around his hand out of pure pleasure, Li Yao held back the impulse and said with a deep breath. "Not everyone has to improve all the time."

The outer lips, like soft petals, formed a protective embrace around her inner sanctum. With a gentle touch with his finger, he revealed the inner lips, each unique and enchanting in their shape, size, and color.

He entered her insides with his finger, gently making her tremble. Then, he leaned his face closer to hers and kissed her; his tongue pierced into her mouth. She was lost for any voice and soon got dominated before he broke the long kiss and looked into her eyes.

"My woman has to improve constantly. And I know you know it inwardly," their breaths mingled, and Li Yao felt his forehead pressing against hers, eyes glaring into her: "If you didn't know it, I would have lost hope in you. You lack not the desire but the hope to dream, am I right, Milady Mother-in-law?"

She squirmed under him, but in a fluid motion, he removed his own robes and pinned her there. His legs affixed her legs, his hands pinned her hands, and the delicate woman was firmly held under him. She was a bit flustered, and he could see it in her shifty eyes.

He took his finger out and parted her legs. He saw the straight pathway to her vagina; it was dripping wet already as the familiar warmth of his body assaulted her senses. He looked into her eyes, an almost tangible power holding her pupils in place.

"You were more confident than today when I met you almost a year ago, Li Yao. You were neither defeated nor in such pitiful straights; you were almost a valiant woman. What happened while I was gone? You lost the confidence you had because you saw everyone leaving you behind?"

Li Yao squirmed slightly, and his cock's head touched her vagina; he could feel the warm sensation. She said through slightly gritted teeth, "That's mother-in-law for you. Show respect!"

Smiling, Han Li rubbed his cock on her clit and kept rubbing without entering. Her pleasure peaked, like electricity coursing under her skin.

He saw straight through her insecurities, which had budded as the days had passed. It was always there, just that as the bold woman she was, she never showed it out. Han Li suddenly released his strength on her, and his hands' fingers locked against her fingers. She tightly held him.

"If I told you to train, it is for a reason. You are not allowed to slack at your own discretion," he kissed her again, but this time, she was angered and her tongue fiercer. She was harder to defeat, "and since you did slack, I will punish you and throw you right back on track."

His cock was already wet with her juices, he gently inserted it into her warm vagina, and it seemed almost to devour him. He pulled out, and instead of entering completely into her vagina, he spread her legs and inserted his slick cock directly into her tiny and beautiful asshole.

She gasped and tightly clung to Han Li's neck, her nails trying to pierce into his skin, but he simply pushed in, and soon, her ass felt bloated with his member. Han Li took one of her legs and placed it above his shoulders before continuing to thrust; at the same time, one of his hands fingered her, and the other fondled her boobs.

Her skin was dewy with sweat, and she panted, but Han Li only grew rougher as the process went on, and soon enough, her body grew rigid in pleasure, and her back arched before her juices exploded onto his stomach in an orgasm unlike any she had experienced before. His own juices blasted into her asshole and she felt herself fill up.

Yet, he was far from over.

He pulled out and slammed his cock into her vagina this time, and she wryly smiled before bringing his head closer to hers and beginning to kiss him; he became a bit less rough, but she could feel him slamming into her, her ass jiggling, her whole body quaking as his tongue explored her mouth. Soon enough, she came again but he didn't stop.

They just continued at it, Han Li growing rougher and rougher, and when she felt as if she would soon be completely tired, a burst of energy would enter her along with his cum and he would continue.

Her mind was soon completely possessed by pleasure. He had never been so powerful at this. She had never lasted so long. The sex was nothing like she'd experienced before—wild, passionate, and completely overwhelming.

Ann!

Mmmmm~

Through gasps, she would take deep breaths and, soon enough, once again fall into the lands of pure pleasure. Once again, his cock slammed into the depths of her vagina and his cum exploded into her, filling her to the brim.

She took gradual, tired breaths for a second before a burst of vigor was pushed into her. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry, she was really not the type of woman to be so passionate or be completely springy. She was the reserved type, but today, she could also feel a wild side in her she hadn't known existed.

He flipped her on her back and once again, his thing penetrated her.

The cavern echoed with sensual moans and complaints and guidances telling him to move or saying 'not there!' but soon enough, it was solely filled with relentless noise of pleasure.

Nnnngghhhhh!~

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190 - 190: Train her too?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li, Liyue, and the others took about 3 hours to return from the water. Their faces were flushed after the bath, and their bodies were still wet when Hua Yu parted the waterfall and entered inside the cavern.

Feeling cold now that they were out of the water, all of them immediately began drying up with hushed breaths and suppressed conversation.

Wei Yuanfeng and Liyue were especially conversing with each other. Full of curious questions.

At first, Liyue had been sulky and even refused to talk with the woman while they were in the water after she knew Yuanfeng was Han Li's new disciple—she dipped her face into the water and just blankly stared at Yuanfeng with ill intentions and quite a lot of misgivings.

But after being in the water for a while, she shook her head, and as Wei Yuanfeng was a very cheery person, she soon got to know her. They sized each other up and then spoke about cultivation—as much as they knew—and soon were acquaintances.

Faces and hair dripping with crystalline dews, just as they entered, all of the women noticed the clean, refreshed Han Li and Li Yao.

The mother-in-law was lying on her son-in-law's chest, snuggled up, and the rims of her eyes seemed a bit wet. Her eyes were also a bit ruddy. Her clinging hands over Han Li's chest were also somewhat different from earlier, but the difference was subtle.

She had obviously cried recently, but now, she had calmed down and looked at Liyue and the rest disapprovingly.

Other than Hua Feilan and Wei Yuanfeng, who had covered themselves with decent clothing, the rest of them were in undergarments of differing colors. Liyue was in white, and Yue Li was in black, their fair skins contrasting the wet cloth as they dried themselves.

Hua Yu had a more modest undergarment, but it was not made of clothes; she had used her power of moss to create a thin covering over her body with moss; it was a very beautiful sight if Han Li were to be honest—twin peaks covered using moss. What could be better?

Of course, that would be Liyue's goddess-like physique, which was incomparably beautiful. Her body was somehow of a different class compared to the rest; all of them were beautiful, and Liyue would be of the lower standard when it came to beauty when she was covered in clothing, but her half-revealed body itself was a piece of art.

It always made Han Li focus on her. His eyes twinkling slightly.

Li Yao said disapprovingly, "All of you are shameless. Especially you, Liyue, and also Yue Li. Shameless to the bone."

Drying herself, Liyue stretched slightly, showing her physique that had been toned by training. Her muscles were subtle, her curves just fine enough. She breathed out cold air and asked, "We are all women, and the only man here is my husband, fiance. Why should I be ashamed? If anything, Mother Yue should be ashamed since she is in front of her son, not me; I am fine. Right, big brother?"

"Yep. How shameful, Mom," Han Li chuckled, caressing Li Yao's head.

Yue Li sneezed, feeling cold, shivering before walking and sitting on the side of her son, she handed him the towel. With his one free hand, he dried her up, and she spoke in between, "I am shameless. I agree, but that's at the same level as Li Yao for sure; she is also his Mother-in-law, but is in his bosom; why are you not speaking about her while making fun of me?" She snorted.

"Liyue, I am as much your mother as she is. How dare you show impartiality?!"

Wei Yuanfeng looked at all this curiously from the side. Drying her short hair was much easier than drying those long ones like the sort the other women here had.

Liyue said with a laugh, changing into a robe that Hua Yu threw out for her from her Empty Space. "I never said my mom is not shameless." As she removed the wet undergarment, hiding the chest with her hand to change into the robe, Han Li saw her underboobs and whistled, but before he got the full glimpse, she was dressed. She even blinked at him.

He smiled. Unlike her mother, she had indeed become more confident and was even talking. He wondered if she was conscious of the development.

On the other hand, Wei Yuanfeng couldn't help but look at her own chest. It was so small compared to the rest. Her eyes twitched slightly. They were all so blessed in the feminine department.

Was her master the sort of man you would call successful in getting women?

Li Yao was too lazy to argue about her own shamelessness, so she asked, "Is the water good?"

Everyone exclaimed, other than Hua Yu and Hua Feilan.

"So good!" "Extremely!" "Super Fun!"

For Wei Yuanfeng, such an experience like seeing a waterfall was an entirely new thing. Even when she was in the Demon World, she hadn't been near any waterfalls. It was the same for Liyue, too. Yue Li had enjoyed it before in the morning, but it didn't change the fact that it was good.

Hua Yu nodded. "It was decent." She had also gotten dressed.

Stretching herself, Hua Feilan said, coming forward, "So um, Han Li, our promise ends here. I'd like to receive my promised Sacred Coins before I head out."

Startled, Liyue turned her head. "You are heading out?"

Hua Feilan scratched her cheek, "I don't even know why I followed you guys to this place in the first place. I have no enemies in Southern Lust City… in fact, I am still missing why we had to run at all."

All of their gazes then moved to Han Li and Hua Yu. Only they knew the truth. With a sigh, Han Li looked at Hua Yu, "Will you explain it to them?"

Hua Yu threw out a Water Dao Resource, and it turned into a couch. She sat on it and laid back, her eyes closed. "Too bothersome. I have to cultivate. You do you," she said.

"Is the pigeon sent?"

"Your challenge would be there in a day and a half. He should arrive here, at the speed of a horse, in three or four days if he heads out soon after. Five if he heads out later. I cannot interfere in the fight, right?"

"Yep. In fact, if you harm him in any way, even if it is in morale, my binding would hurt me. If it is a betrayal of the binding, as in, you hurt him entirely, I would die due to the binding."

All of the people here were either under Heart Qi Bindings not to betray him or trustworthy people. There was nothing to worry about telling them. If Hua Yu now wanted to hurt Han Li and tried to hurt Yang Wei to do it, she would be hurt just due to the intention. They were in a partnership of benefits, after all.

It was a bond made by a blade on their life.

With another sigh, Han Li looked at his mom, who was enjoying him drying her hair. "Do you want to tell them why we are running away?"

"I don't know the full story, my son."

Han Li's red eyes focused on Hua Feilan. "Basically, we went into the Demon World, in a trial, we met a person named Li Shuanwei from my own clan, and he was stronger than me. He cut Mom's hand and would surely try to nip us in the bud.

"Hua Yu and I signed an agreement to work together for each other's benefit, and now she has an obligation to protect me. She helped me scheme against the Starlight Clan's head, and she is also practically Li Shuanwei's enemy now.

"Even though she still has a bit of a leeway, practically, she is on one ship with me, and we can't both let each other drown. She gets what she wants. I get what I want. Since you are her friend, you will be used to blackmail her into turning me over. Thus, you were brought along with us."

Hua Feilan frowned and became deeply contemplative. "But this won't do. I have my Matchmakers Association to take care of. It is a business that would fail without me. I have already been slacking on it due to being in an agreement with you to protect your women till you come back."

Her friend, Hua Yu, waved her hand and made her float towards the couch. Then, Hua Yu's green eyes focused on Han Li. The main reason she agreed to team up with him was because of the benefits he could bring her.

She had no attraction to the man in the actual sense.

Hua Feilan, on the other hand, was a friend of hers. A friend she saw as her own family.

"How is this, Han Li. Why don't you train her like you trained Liyue? The girl had indeed gotten training even I couldn't give her. Her spear has a foundation so clearly well-taught that it makes me shiver at times when I see her train. Why don't you train Feilan like that, too?"

Han Li was nonchalant. He gently pushed away both of his mothers from his chest. It was business time. Yue Li began to dress up while Li Yao looked at Han Li curiously. Was this his business mode? She had never seen this.

"That was not part of our agreement, Hua Yu. What can you give me in return? My teachings are not free to people I don't care for."

Hua Yu smiled and showed her palm to Hua Feilan. "Look at her."

Han Li raised an eyebrow.

Blue eyes akin to sapphires, wet, brownish-black hair tinged with orange specks, fair skin. Taller than himself with a valiant aura around her. An Evolution Stage Cultivator with a Transformation Type, Fire Peacock Dao Soul. And the famous title, Friend of all Women.

She was indeed quite something.

Hua Yu added to his thoughts, "Virgin, unmarried, haven't been in a relationship. Mature, too."

Hua Feilan frowned in disgruntlement. Her face also grew angry for the first time. She spoke in a suppressed voice, "Hua Yu!"

Hua Yu ignored her. "If you train her, you get the chance to spend time with her and attempt to make her your own. I doubt it is possible, but it is a decent repayment for your teachings."

All of the women, including his disciple, looked at him with curious gazes. Liyue had the most suppressed gaze; her own marriage had yet to happen, and girls were rising around him. She had to work harder to stand out in his harem.

Han Li was calm, almost contemptuous of the deal. His gaze pierced into Hua Yu's.

To him, Yue Li, Liyue, and Li Yao were women he had put into his heart. People he had decided to care for. Even Wei Yuanfeng, since he had brought her here and would protect her—the girl's past was too similar to his own, and he knew exactly what she was going through even while acting so cheery.

But Hua Yu and Hua Feilan?

He didn't care for them one bit. To him, they were but tools at best.

Yet, Hua Yu was his partner.

Hua Yu smiled. She knew what the calm glance meant. "You don't like us much, huh? But who says that would be so forever? I might be one thing, but Feilan has charm. If I was not a woman myself, I might have even fallen in love with her.

Why don't you give her a chance to be your disciple?"

Han Li smiled back, calm.

"Fine, see this as a favor in our long partnership."

"So what is the next plan? Waiting till that Yang Wei guy comes?" Hua Yu questioned.

"Next..." Han Li took a deep breath.

There was something he has to do.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191 - 191: A little unexpected
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the sun dipped, the horizons dyed in a strange orange color. One that aroused nostalgic feelings, especially in men older than five centuries.

Han Li's gaze was… calm if anything. Yet, even his own birth mother hadn't seen him so conflicted ever before in her life. Yue Li looked at him with a sigh.

Sitting on the river bank, he had one of those rare, painful gazes plastered into his eyes, and he felt much more irritable than his usual self. Li Yao and Liyue were not here, but Hua Yu was behind him, looking at him with a pensive glance.

Sitting in Yue Li's lap was Little Ruo, her countenance much less paler, but at the same time, her eyes fidgety. She had been sleeping for a long time, nearly more than a day and night combined, and had just woken up some time ago.

Other than in Yue Li's comforting embrace, she would become immensely nervous and would curl up into herself.

Rarely did anything make Han Li feel so pained. Rarely did one fact cross his mind: unlike him, Ruo, what to say, even his Mother didn't have memories of the future. They hadn't lived the years he had spent with them. They didn't have those memories he had.

He wondered if he could bring those memories back if he had a higher cultivation strength. Maybe. Someday.

"Hua Yu, you can leave," Han Li said.

He had needed her help to descend from up there to the ground below, but he didn't appreciate any more breach of his privacy. Especially matters that concerned emotions.

The Power Born was obviously curious why a little girl of around 13 was with them. She was all things, but Hua Yu wasn't one thing, a scum of society. Even as opportunistic as she could be, she wouldn't let something like using a child in any dark ways slide.

She squinted slightly but then looked at Yue Li's solemn face before sighing and flying away. Han Li himself, she found him an enigma, but Yue Li, the woman, was simple enough, and she wasn't nearly cruel.

Said in a bad way, Yue Li was incapable of cruelty and was a naive person at her core. The fool would only know once something precious to her gets taken from her. Only then would she actually learn what true cruelty and self-defense were.

She was a Power Born herself; she could see through some things like those, but it also baffled her slightly. How did such a person take care of someone like Han Li?

He was obviously capable of cruelty to himself and to others. After all, the man had threatened Hua Yu with both of their deaths ruthlessly to get her to sign a Heart Qi bond.

The mind boggled. At least, her mind did.

But for now, she flew away. Yet, she was curious.

…

Han Li looked up at her, receding back into the waterfall. He sighed, "That woman certainly doesn't make my mood any better."

"Xiao Li, don't be too harsh on yourself. So why did you bring us here? Liyue was pumped to see Ruo finally waking up. She wanted to try and talk to her."

Han Li shook his head and looked at Ruo and Han Li. His gaze was warm, "As I told you Mom, Ruo is far from safe. Her heart is made out of Gu Worms, just like her spine is. It is of a sort of twin variant. If the Fang Family side killed the part of it in their hands, she would die."

Yue Li bit her lips slightly. Death that, death this… she closed her eyes and sighed.

"So you have a way to save her completely?"

"More than one."

Yue Li nodded in relief and caressed the girl's white hair.

"Ruo, we are talking about you. Can you understand?"

She trembled but didn't speak. Han Li sighed.

Even in his past life, it had been months before she became slightly fine with speaking. But even then, it was his mother whom she was first attached to. He was happy she was the same this time around, too.

Of course, the pangs of guilt really made him uncomfortable; the feeling of helplessness it induced in him was strong. This was a woman he hadn't been able to protect. She had died in his previous life, just like his mother had.

Moreover, Ruo died of suicide in a belief that he had betrayed her—because he had 'betrayed' her. He shook his head and tried to clear his mind, but it was hard to stay stoic. His Heart Qi suddenly flared slightly, and he became as calm as ever. It did have that passive function.

"So Mom, it would take about a week to heal her since I need a Life Type resource to do it. And before you wrack that little head of yours with the guilt of having used up one, let me tell you, someone is coming here with them. Delivering it to me, so no need to worry."

Yue Li's face changed slightly, and she couldn't help but be speechless. It was because she had lost her arm. He flicked her forehead. "Be calm, I said."

"So what did you want to tell me by bringing me here?"

Han Li said, "The Fang Family won't kill her. Even if she went missing, they won't kill her for years." After all, they hadn't come to kill her immediately in his past life. It had taken years from now, so there were undercurrents in that family, too. "But I don't want to risk it. The quicker her heart is free, the better."

Yue Li nodded. "That is obvious."

"But when I get the Life Dao Resource and everything else ready, she would need to be atleast a bit more conscious than she is now. So, try to get her to be more, at least try to make her not be so fearful of everything."

"…And?" That much would have been done even without him saying.

"Mom. I have a lot of debts to this girl. I know I had never told you of my secrets but please, see her as you would see myself. Care for her as you would if the girl was me and I was in as much pain as her."

Yue Li's eyes widened slightly. Then, she chuckled and ruffled his hair. "Idiot, caring for others as I care for you is a bit impossible, but I get what you are trying to say. She is really, really important to you, huh?"

Han Li nodded.

"Gotcha. We'll quickly heal her up and get her to act like a normal person. But be aware, Xiao Li. For one thing, I won't let you even kiss this girl until she is of age and gives me verbal consent." That only made Han Li nod, even though he chuckled slightly. "And another thing, we are not training her to be your wife. She might as well hate you when she grows up, so don't have any ideas.

Until she is of age, yo—"

Suddenly, her words were caught in her throat, and Han Li himself was slightly startled. He immediately stood up, his calm and contemplative self broken as a fearful sensation gripped him. His gaze moved around.

They were at the river bank. The surrounding foliage was calm, other than a bunch of insects. Han Li's gaze moved from one location to the other, his gaze full of cold, killing intent. Ice cold killing intent.

A dark sword zipped out through the waterfall and planted itself on the ground before Han Li. He coldly sneered, "It seems like many had come. What do us humble men owe the pleasure for?"

From different parts of the forest, one by one, people walked out. From one tree to the other, they were all calm, eyes as limpid as water as they walked around Han Li and sat down in the lotus position. They didn't even speak a word. All of them seemed eerily similar to each other, bald heads, brown monk robes, and a weirdly dazed expression.

A woman with a cold gaze landed beside Han Li and looked around with a calm gaze.

"I didn't expect to have visitors even before your challenged man came. What is this about?" Hua Yu asked, the powerful Soul Sense coldly erupting out and suppressing the monks around. Yet, they were calm.

"We do not seek conflict." A young boy came forward and bowed.

Han Li placed the sword on his neck. It easily drew blood, and many of the monks were agitated. The boy, on the contrary, smiled, and an elderly hand slowly patted his head. "Hoho, no change from the last time I saw you. Placing swords on other people's necks seems like your habit, I see."

His eyes trembling slightly, Han Li looked at the man who suddenly appeared out of a 3-meter-long pillar of red mist, standing just an inch away from the young boy. The man was a mountain, eyes profound and deep, with a long white beard.

With a glance, Han Li's face was twisted in shock, "Monk Hen Shin, you also seem to have made appearing uninvited a habit."

"I told you I would visit you someday when I handed Ruo to you. I am just a bit early." The Monk smirked and looked at Yue Li behind Han Li, who was cradling Little Ruo in her embrace. Then, he looked at Hua Yu; the woman seemed ready to fight. His smirk grew, "I had just become stronger. Would you like to test yourself against me, young miss?"

Hua Yu felt the jitters with just speaking to the man and decided to stay silent.

It was no wonder. Hua Yu was just an Average Power Born, whereas Hen Shin was a Sacred Talent, and even among Sacred Talents, he was strong. He must have also gotten some tremendous benefit after winning all those trials.

Han Li asked, "You are quite something, Monk. Did you win all the Seven Trials?"

The Monk's face was full of smiles, but he said with pity, "Sadly not. The Sacred Lust Demon's ways sure are profound… Even this Monk, with all his arrogance, couldn't win the 6th Trial. It is way too hard, way too hard."

Han Li was shocked inwardly. In his past life, Hen Shin had only reached the 5th Trial, and after he came out of the Trial, was renowned as the strongest Power Born of his time. He was an unparalleled Power Born, and that man was now standing before him. Hua Yu stood a fat chance of winning against him.

Smiling wryly, Han Li asked, "How did you come exactly to where I was, I almost feel as if it was all predestined."

"It was the 5th Trial's reward." Hen Shin laughed. "I can now send teleport once a year to anywhere I want in the whole Sacred Lust Continent, just like this red mist method. From one edge to the other, amazing, right?"

Han Li almost felt a wave of envy wash over him, but he quickly calmed down. Hua Yu looked at him, warning him with her eyes not to fight this person. She was saying, 'No, this person is beyond us. He can kill us.'

He scoffed.

"Monk, I have many questions. Why don't we sit down?"

Hen Shin took a deep breath.

"You seem thirsting for blood, young friend."

"Oh, that's not against you. I was waiting for someone here whom I have a death feud with, but he would take some more days to arrive."

Many of the monks around murmured in agitation, but Hen Shin was calm. The monk sighed. "I thought it was against me. How fortunate."

Han Li's eyes twitched. Fortunate that you didn't have to soil your hands with blood?

He hated people stronger than him who were not his women. Period.

And fuck. That Teleportation…

He groaned inwardly.

That would have made everything so easy if he had gotten it….

His hope for Yang Wei increased even more. That guy better have something good. But for now, he took back his sword and Hua Yu's [Parasite Healing] moved promptly to heal the young monk's wounds.

The boy calmly bowed, "Many gratitude for not killing me. We have a little Temple around here and would be pleased to see you come inside. Your fame had caught our attention."

Han Li frowned.

"...My fame?"

Something was going on.

Hen Shin was understandable. He got the power to teleport now, but how did all these monks appear around him, and what fame? He was as inconspicuous as anyone.

At least, he sighed inwardly.

This was not really a bad thing.

At least, Hen Shin still seemed to lack any negative emotions against him.

But at the same time, he had questions. Since there was no use being wary of the man, and Han Li was at his mercy, he dropped his sword in his mother's hand, who quickly put it into her Empty Space. At the same time, an ascetic calm began to emanate from his person. He almost seemed like another monk.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192 - 192: Communication with the whole Continent under one's grasp.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"There is a demon in our lands," an old monk said, seated on the Temple's long steps. He was breathing heavily, obviously tired after ascending the long flight of stairs.

The three children each looked at him in fear.

A demon really lived near them?

The other two monks smoking pipes also listened on with focused faces, stroking their beards. Another demon… and this one near them?

It was indeed very troublesome. Many monks might die if they had to fight.

"This Demon hails from the Starlight Clan but has no powers of the starlight," The old monk continued, his voice deep, "He kills children and the elderly without blinking or hesitation. His heart is cold, and his sword even colder."

The pipe-smoking monks grew serious, their faces growing severe. Yet, they didn't stop smoking.

The older monk had just gone down the Temple but had to come back running after hearing the news, which had stunned him. To believe that the Demon was just a young man was... really a fearful thought.

The three little ones had their faces go pale.

It was a beautiful evening of the 12th month. A new year was soon approaching, and the Temple was celebrating the days by giving the ordinary people clothes to wear and rice to eat.

Who would have thought the first thing they heard after waking up would be this news?

Demons were always scary when they appeared. Men; unscrupulous men with no bottom line or any fear of worldly laws. They always caused chaos.

The temple steps turned quiet as the monks stopped talking. The youngest monk here, a short old man with a pipe, asked, "Why did you say it in front of the little ones?"

"To warn them," the eldest said seriously, "To tell them to run if they ever see a man with shoulder-length black hair and pure crimson eyes. To run and warn us so we could escape with them. This Demon is dangerous as far as the news I heard spoke."

The other two monks nodded in assent.

"But also be wary of the woman who is always with him. She might seem weak, but she is also dangerous," the eldest added.

"Woman?" A child questioned. Women can be villains?

"The demon's mother," The monk sighed, "she is always with him, apparently, and is just as dangerous if I heard correctly, and she has red, crimson hair when she uses her powers."

The children were afraid and sat along with the monks. Each mumbling to each other about past demons and how their Temple had subdued some.

One of the two monks asked the old monk, "So, where did you hear of this particular Demon?"

Cursing his bad luck, the old monk looked at the orange skies that were on the verge of turning dark. "The news spread out from the Southern Lust City. Apparently, the Demon had killed innocent people there before running away with stolen Magical Resources and his mother. Anyone who kills the Demon would be given an enormous bounty."

"Who needs bounty?" The children shivered, and a boy said: "We should put him down! We should contact the higher Temple; the Demon Restraining Temple would surely have strong people to get him on his knees. He is just an Evolved, after all."

The monks chuckled. The oldest said chidingly, "The Demon is just around here. Nobody said he would surely come here of all places. Where are the other monks? Why is the Temple so empty?"

"We don't know," The youngest monk breathed out a puff of smoke. "All of those people ran out earlier and moved towards the waterfall towards the south. We tried to follow, but they told us to stay here and protect the Temple from monkeys."

The old man sighed, looking into the distant horizon. "I can't help but grow anxious. This Demon was said to have withstood a fight against a Power Born. He incited a fight because some Power Borns wanted to gain the secrets in his body. Then, he killed some people and ran away."

Had Han Li heard those words, he would have been steaming and speechless. When had he fought Power Borns? When was it that a fight happened between Power Borns due to his secrets? Wasn't all of that to be blamed on Li Shuanwei?

Li Shuanwei had the Power Borns fight for him. It was that guy who incited everything. Now it was all on his head, and he even had a fat target on top of him?

Had Han Li heard it…

...

In the skies, Han Li's face was as dark as the bottom of a pot. He bit his nails out of pure frustration, his brows furrowed deeply. Indeed, when he messed with Li Shuanwei, he should have expected this; it was his oversight.

Li Shuanwei had used many means to spread the word that Han Li was a Demon. He had even involved his mother in the whole ordeal. Somehow, Li Shuanwei even got the news that his mother's hair would turn red when she used her Spark.

A target!

A fat target was on his head now. All over the world, no matter which city he visited, he would never be able to gain legal entry unless he sorted this out.

Han Li looked at the monks flying around him, all carried in the sky by Monk Hen Shin, as they moved towards the nearby Temple.

The boy he had wounded earlier was floating beside him, telling him what he had meant by the word 'Fame.' Han Li had indeed become infamous. And just as his mother wanted, she had also become infamous along with him—as his mother. That was quick.

His face became even more unsightly when all of his women looked at him with expressions of unease. They didn't know what would happen from now on, but Han Li had a faint idea. If it was not for Hen Shin, he alone could slaughter all these tender monks like sheep, but with Hen Shin, it was the opposite.

The old man's smile as he floated in the air was immensely languid.

'He must have been able to see the whole world when he got the chance to Teleport,' Han Li guessed, 'and then should have ordered these monks to come surround me where I am.' That was the only guess he could come up with.

Or else, the monk had somehow put a tracking method on him or his mother when they were in the Demon World when they met. That was plausible. Regardless, the man's smile was inscrutable even to Han Li.

If the monk wanted to kill, though, Han Li knew they'd be dead.

He looked at the little monk whom he had hurt and asked, knowing that Hen Shin would hear this, "Did Monk Hen SHin order you people to surround me?"

The boy nodded. "The Monk did. The monk said to track you down and send us a location where you might be. We found you and he teleported there."

Han Li's brows shot up. So, can Hen Shin speak with people all over the world when not using his teleportation power? Information was power; if someone had such a world-encompassing way of communication, he would rule the era.

Han Li prodded Hua Yu, who was silently following beside him, to make him move forward to Hen Shin's side. Hua Yu complied, and Han Li floated to stand in the air beside Hen Shin.

"Monk, does your Teleportation power come with any other authorities?" Han Li knew he was being awfully nosy, but monks shouldn't mind. Or so he hoped. This power could really put a stain on all of his plans for the future in one way or the other.

He might have to think of a way to kill this monk when he could. As friendly as the person was, and as much gratitude as he felt for him because he had looked after Ruo, Han Li couldn't risk his future ambitions for that. Not that the man seemed killable.

Yet, the biggest issue of all was another thing. Monk Hen Shin had a Lie Detection Magic Power if he remembered correctly. So, it would all get slightly tricky if he were to antagonize the man.

"Other authorities?" The monk rubbed his white beard. Monks were usually not people with a beards, but Hen Shin was quite different from a run-of-the-mill monk. "I do have other authorities. For example, I have a perpetual connection with all of the continent, as in, I can contact any person I wish to with a thought."

Han Li felt a chill in his heart. Calling a person from one end of the continent to the other with a thought? That would make Hen Shin one of the most influential people of this era when added with the power to teleport once per year. It was almost assured that the monk would get one of the Transcendence orbs in the next Transcendence War.

"…That is convenient," he chuckled wryly.

The monk also laughed, merry. "Indeed, convenient. But I need something they use, like a piece of clothing or a lock of hair or something. I contacted these monks earlier and made them find you. Then, I had the location and teleported right beside you."

Han Li grimaced slightly. "So if you had a piece of my clothing, you could appear beside me any time?"

No matter where he hid...

The monk smiled. "Indeed. This monk has become quite something."

All the monks around laughed and clapped their hands, to which Hen Shin also laughed and clapped his hands.

Han Li sighed.

"This is your era, Monk Hen Shin," he said. Then, Han Li looked at little Ruo, who was cradled in his mother's hands; his women had all already been quite familiar with flying due to Hua Yu helping them up and down the waterfall cavern, but they were still amazed by this long-distance flight.

Hen Shin shook his head and also looked at little Ruo.

The monk who had been helpless against the Fang Family to save Ruo by himself was not the current Hen Shin. The current Hen Shin could easily save Ruo with no trouble. He would have the influence once the world knew his power, and he was also stronger than when he had entered the Demon World.

The monk had nothing to worry about since no one, even the Transcendent, could steal his power. It was the power of the Demon World itself to look after anything, and he was just given a minor authority over it because he had won the 5th Trial.

Fang family, the reason for all of Ruo's torments, was not even one of the four sects. Only the four sects had Transcendent cultivators. Hen Shin only had to worry about the Transcendent now. If he so wished, he could save Ruo.

Han Li was not one to say no to such favors, and since the monk desired to help Ruo from the start, he had a feeling the monk would help her. It would be a weight out of his back but he would have to check the process from start to finish.

"I won't help her," The monk said, and Han Li was startled. A distant temple appeared before them, and soon enough, they descended on them, startling the people conversing there. They especially looked at Han Li.

Han Li looked at the monk. Even if Hen Shin didn't help, Han Li had the means to save Ruo by himself. Calmly, he nodded. "Fair enough if you don't want to help. But may I know why?"

The other monks all exchanged glances. The calmness Han Li was displaying against a Power Born hadn't been lost on them. They had noticed it, but saying it out loud and snorting were not the styles of practice they endorsed.

Hen Shin cupped his hand on his back and looked up at the sky; night had already fallen. Stars littered the sky.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193 - 193: Where are you?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oi Liyue! Did you see your Big Brother Han around?"

Early in the morning, the Temple had a sense of peace. In the huge training ground, a place at the top of the mountain with cobblestones dotting the ground and traditional temple buildings surrounding it, Liyue was training her spear. Bald monks sat here and there; their eyes closed in deep meditation as the rising sun bathed their orange-brown robes.

Hearing Yue Li's shout from one of the Temple Buildings, Liyue stopped her spear and looked at her mother-in-law. There was some distance between them, so she shouted back, "No, didn't he sleep with you? He didn't come here!"

Yue Li paced back and forth for a while before waving and running into the temples. She was having a bad feeling in her gut from the moment she woke up. Han Li was supposed to be by her side since he had slept beside her, but where was he?

She stumbled into many monks walking around with peaceful faces, but that sense of unease wouldn't go away. Soon enough, she stumbled into Hua Yu and Hua Feilan. They were sitting under the shadow of the roof, listening to an old woman's sermon about life with a bunch of monks surrounding them.

Poking the Power Born on the shoulder, she asked hushedly, "Hua Yu, Hua Yu, did you see my son?"

Hua Yu shooed her away, an irritated expression on her face. "I lost all of my Magical Resources to him this morning. He was around here, but I don't know; he seemed to be having some trouble with the monks earlier. Don't trouble us. I was on the cusp of an enlightenment."

Yue Li smiled sheepishly and blinked at some kids who were looking at her in irritation for breaking their concentration in the class. Then, she jumped on her heels and ran to one of the rooms littering the huge building. Opening the door abruptly, she was stunned for a moment.

Her voice hesitant, she questioned, "Li Yao… what is this getup?"

Li Yao's beautiful figure was now wrapped under monk robes, her lustrous black hair tied on her back in a humble bun. She was also in the position of meditation. At Yue Li's sound, she opened her eyes with a slight blush.

"Your son forced this one on me the first thing in the morning. Ask him what he wants yourself. I have no idea what that guy wants. Like, ever."

"Eh…" Yue Li scratched her cheek slightly. "Maybe it is a method of training for you? I don't know. You look beautiful in monk robes, though; maybe it's his kink?"

"Stop sexualizing everything. He is not that shallow."

"Oh? Li Yao…" Yue Li scoffed, "You know my son more than me?"

Li Yao chuckled. "I wonder."

Squinting, Yue Li scoffed once more and asked, "Anyway. Did you see him? I have been searching for him for a while, but he is nowhere to be found."

"Hmm? Han Li was here about an hour ago, and Monk Hen Shin took him away for something."

"Monk Hen Shin?" Yue Li deflated like a balloon. Her son had told her to stay away from that particular monk as much as possible. That monk had the Magical Power of Lie Detection, thus, their secrets slipping out was a genuine possibility—as her Xiao Li,said. Careful, has to be careful.

Sighing, she walked out of the room, leaving Li Yao to meditate, she bet the woman was as ignorant of such a thing as she was and looked at the orange sky. She stretched and all the bones inside her shivered in excitement as cool breath entered inside her.

She was already getting used to this. It had been four days since they arrived here and the monks had given them great housing arrangements. They even visited the waterfall once every day for bathing, even though Han Li had rarely followed.

Living here was becoming a new norm, and since Han Li had been rough on the bed for a while, he had given her a rest from training.

Looking sideways, Yue Li was suddenly surprised.

Under the shade of the oak tree, a woman sat, bored out of her mind, and she was looking at her while picking her nose. Wei Yuanfeng!

Smiling, her shoulder unknowingly a bit haughty, Yue Li walked towards her son's disciple and asked, "Yunfeng, where is your master?"

Wei Yuanfeng snorted slightly. She could see the similarity in the way Yue Li carried herself and how her son carried himself. "He tricked me. He woke me up early in the morning and threw me into cold water for no reason. Then drowned me every time I tried to escape."

Contrary to her belief, Yue Li laughed. "Ah, cold water throwing. Liyue and I also got that at the start; his training hardly ever makes sense, but It works. Believe me, if I wanted, I could beat you to a pulp."

That was not even a lie.

Wei Yuanfen was interested in that, but she sighed, "But that girl has a Spear and all that… while I am just being thrown around. I have learned absolutely nothing new in three days."

"Patience, my girl, patience. Did you see him?"

"Yes. He was kicked down the Temple steps some minutes ago."

"What?!"

"Yeah, literally kicked down from this big mountain. I'd think one or two of his bones would break, but he seemed unharmed…"

"Elaborate!" Yue Li said panickedly.

"He tried to bet with Monk Hen Shin with something and then lost, apparently. But he was unwilling to lose and cheated on the bet. The Monk found out and kicked him from the top of the flight of stairs, and he rolled to the bottom of the mountain due to the momentum. And yeah, the Power Born, Hua Yu, was also there."

"Elaborate more!"

"He also bet with Hua Yu and seemed to have won easily. She lost a lot of Magical Resources to him. All that she had, apparently."

"Where did he go after being thrown down the mountain?"

"I dunno, he yelled something along the lines of, 'Ah, my good brother, you are here!' before running towards the area of the waterfall. Hua Yu was startled when she saw it and immediately went into that sermon area where they spoke jibberish all day long."

Yue Li's mind spun and she remembered something. "The challenge with that Yang Wei kid…!" Her face became bloodless immediately, and she began running towards Hua Yu, but for all she wished, she couldn't move an inch from her position.

Hua Yu looked at her from the top of the roof, having bound Yue Li with her soul sense. Like solid mud, Yue Li had no hope of moving when it surrounded her. Calmly, Hua Yu said, "So he did tell you about the challenge. I thought he didn't."

Struggling, Yue Li asked in rage, "What are you doing?"

"Calm down. Nobody can help your son or he will die—because he went against the rules of his own Heart Qi bindings. This is a duel in all senses of the word. If you think about it, the winner gets everything while the loser becomes nothing. I am indeed curious who this Yang Wei is for your little freak-son to take him seriously."

"He is not a freak, and I know what you mean!" Yue Li struggled and glared at Hua Yu. "My son would win. That Yang Wei guy is nothing good, either. Xiao Li told me about what kind of person that man was once. He is the sort that kills children!"

"Hmm?" A noise of confusion rang out, and the Soul Sense cage around Yue Li vanished. Hen Shin sauntered into the temple hallway and asked, "Kill children? I think your son would do the same."

"No." Yue Li vehemently shook her head. Then, she hesitated, "At least not for no reason."

"Smart of you," Hen Shin sighed. "He would kill anyone but some, I had a talk with him and its obvious you are one of them." He scrutinized Yue Li for a long second. "That makes me wonder why he would be so careless as to leave you here alone when someone as strong as me is here. He doesn't seem to be the type to believe in people's kindness or character when it comes to the safety of his people."

Hua Yu smirked inside and looked at the small necklace hanging around Yue Li's neck. It seemed inconspicuous and simple at a glance, like something given out of pure love. Yet, she had learned what it was from Han Li's mouth itself.

A Walkie Talkie. A power only the Transcendent can use.

That was what all her Magical Resources were used on?

She could see why. Even the all-powerful Hen Shin would hesitate to harm Han Li or his benefits if a 'Transcendent' warned him. The bone in Han Li sure was bold, and she didn't even know if that was all that he had planned in case shit hit the fan and Hen Shin became an enemy.

Yue Li didn't know that the necklace around her neck was a walkie-talkie through which Han Li could see everything here. Even though it was in a dormant state, the moment Yue Li's heart rate quickened beyond a limit, it would snap its eyes open. Doing that was not too hard since there was a piece of soul sense inside it.

It would still vanish though, after some hours.

But of course, if it opened its eyes here, Han Li himself would become unconscious. That, of course, only if Han Li decided to show up himself. He wouldn't be pulled here in between a fight unwillingly. It was more like an alarm. He could choose to come or not.

Transcendental Resources were indeed awesome. Especially when you get the chance to use it as a cultivator below the stage of Transcendence. Yet, now he was empty of any resources. Hua Yu was, too. He had cooked all that they had.

Seeing Yue Li's nervous appearance, Monk Hen Shin sighed. "Your son, did he find a way to heal Ruo?"

"He always had a way…" Yue Li said, cautious not to lie. If Han Li had told her that he had a way and didn't tell her to lie, saying the truth should be better, "He knows how to get rid of the Gu Worms replacing Little Ruo's heart and spine."

The monk nodded.

He had refused to help Ruo because he himself didn't know how. If he tried to barge into the Fang Clan and fight their Power Borns to get his hand on the opposite end of the Gu, replacing Ruo's heart… that would also cause a lot of innocent deaths. To save one Ruo, he was not willing to kill many innocents who would get involved one way or the other.

When gods fought, mortals were the ones most harmed after all. Yet, knowing that Han Li did have a way to save her, he couldn't help but feel some sense of relief. Even a bit of admiration.

"Monk," Hua Yu asked. "Isn't protecting the peace of all lifeforms kind of your thing?"

"Hmm? Indeed."

"I am curious. Yet, Han Li seems to take it for granted that you monks wouldn't interfere in his fight. Why… is it like that? That you won't interrupt a fight in which one party would surely die. Aren't monks supposed to lend a helping hand to all sufferers? Whoever of the duo ends up dying, isn't it your thing to save the loser?"

Monk Hen Shin sighed. "No, death is the greatest way of ending all sufferings of life. Neither our temples nor I are responsible for the actions of people who are clearly of age. As long as there is nothing forcing them to decide so, it is their own decision. He knows we wouldn't bother interfering with unknown duels. He is far too wise for his age."

Hua Yu nodded in enlightenment. She knew that would be the case. She just wanted to make sure. "Monk, who do you think would win?"

"Who do you want to win?" The monk asked.

"Of course, that would be Han Li. He is my partner."

The monk sighed. Then, he walked away.

Leaving Yue Li in a wreck of anxiety and fear.

***

Near a waterfall, Han li and Yang Wei sat against each other. A small bonfire separated them from each other. They both ate meat and drank wine. Their swords were inside their sheaths for a long half an hour before the wild rabbit vanished into their stomachs.

"Yang Wei, do you fear death?" Han Li asked, smiling.

Yang Wei's pale eyes were a sort of deathly calm. He replied in a feminine voice, "Indeed. I fear death."

"Do you have a Life Type Magical Resurce in your hand to place as the bet of whom among us would remain breathing tomorrow?"

"Five of them." Yang Wei put a small cloth bag down.

"Do you have any unimaginable treasure to put as a bet?"

Han Li put down his Life Sword in front of him. "This sword is priceless."

Yang Wei's eyes lit up.

"Do you have anything else?" Han Li asked.

Both of them were wary of each other. Han Li was especially wary of the Spirit. He had some thoughts about what it was but he was afraid of one thing more than anything, even if he won, such an enigmatic thing as the Spirit would surely have some kind of powerful last-ditch attack or something similar. Even your usual Power Borns had those things, not to mention the Spirit...

which he presumed was something far more deadly than a normal Power Born.

Yang Wei himself was also wary. Han Li felt stronger.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194 - 194: Gouging
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Near the waterfall, Han Li and Yang Wei sat against each other. A small bonfire was separating them from each other. Both of them ate meat and drank wine. Their swords were inside their sheaths for a long half an hour before the wild rabbit they had caught vanished into their stomachs.

"Yang Wei, do you fear death?" Han Li asked, licking the gravy of the meat from his hand.

Yang Wei's pale eyes were a sort of deathly calm. He replied in a feminine voice, "Indeed. I fear death. Failures are failures but death is the end."

"Do you have Life Type Magical Resources in your hand to place as the bet of whom among us would remain breathing tomorrow?"

"Five of them." Yang Wei put a small bag down. Han Li squinted at it, noticing the 5 different fruits in it, of all sorts of colors. He grinned.

Yang Wei asked, "Do you have any unimaginable treasure to put out as a bet?"

Han Li put down his Life Sword in front of him. "This sword is priceless. Won't even give it away for a hundred Life Dao Resources."

Yang Wei's eyes lit up.

"Do you have anything else?" Han Li asked.

Yang Wei shrugged and put down his bone blade in front of them. "This is nothing much, but it can cut people like grass. You included. I don't think any Evolve stands a chance of stopping it using their passive defenses."

"I see…" Han Li sighed. Yang Wei would indeed not be so easy; he was already attempting to intimidate Han Li. Not that Han Li didn't know the potency of the blade at a glance—maybe Yang Wei realized he knew it too, or he should have used its sharpness as a surprise attack.

So, his body alone wouldn't be able to resist the attacks that Yang Wei would throw. That made things trickier, but Han Li had never planned to fight Yang Wei solely with his body.

"So should we begin our fight?" Han Li asked, pointing a rabbit bone at Yang Wei.

He had the urge to ask about the Spirit, but that knowledge could be used later; they didn't know Han Li had knowledge of the Spirit after all. In Yang Wei's and the Spirit's minds, its existence was a secret.

Of course, before Han Li's Life Sword, his enemies rarely had secrets.

Yang Wei's bony eyes shone. "I'd like to know some things before we begin. You seem to have gained a lot of fame in the last few days; all over the cities, your face and posters are abundant. What is that about?"

Chuckling, Han Li said, "I met this interesting guy. More interesting than you, named Li Shuanwei. It's his gift for me."

"Hmm…" Yang Wei calmed himself and sighed. "I should be careful of that name after I kill you."

"You seem quite confident. Do you think you can kill me?"

Yang Wei looked at Han Li with a veiled gaze. Han Li was not nearly as strong as he currently was when he had seen him for the first time almost a year ago. Then, Han Li had just been an average Evolved. But now?

Even Han Li's physical body alone gave Yang Wei a sensation of danger.

Indeed, Han Li had changed far too much from that time. He had gone through 3 of the 7 Demonic Transformations, and he also had more Magical Powers—Talents—and overall, he was at a far different height. Not to mention Heart Qi, which was much more abundant and powerful than Yang Wei's own Heart Qi in quantity and quality, at least.

Of course, the other man had more control over Heart Qi. Yang Wei knew how to use it best to his advantage, whereas Han Li didn't know how to use it other than to frighten people. Even though his Heart Qi had reached the levels of true Transcendence stage cultivators, it was barely of use.

"I am confident, Han Li." Yang Wei sounded almost sincere, "And believe me, I think I am nervous for the first time in my whole life; you really had been under some pressure."

Han Li and Yang Wei both silently gouged each other. Seeing as far from each other's depths as they could using their own ways. Han Li himself used the way Life Vision worked with his own judgment to give Yang Wei a sort of status. It was far from accurate, but it was not wrong, at the very least.

Yang Wei had a physique with all-around Top-Tier performance for an evolved. There were no weaknesses in him, and his Regeneration powers even surpassed normal Top Tiers and were on a level of their own as far as Han Li had seen.

Below Average, Average, Above Average, High, Top Tier… and a level surpassing that. Han Li had only surpassed the Top Tier in Stamina and Defense.

Han Li thought.

If he were to judge himself solely on those statuses, his regeneration and speed paled in comparison to Yang Wei, while his defenses and stamina far outstripped the other man. He would have a much better body than Yang Wei's base body, but when Yang Wei transformed into his Bone Form using his Transformation Dao Soul… Han Li would lose the overall advantage and would be forced into the defensive.

The dark sword was suddenly in his grasp, and "TANG!" the sound of a thunderous blade crash echoed as it blocked Yang Wei's bone sword. With a swipe on the ground, Han Li sent a wave of mud into Yang Wei's face, but the youth was prepared; he jumped back 4 meters in a simple jump.

Han Li stood up, holding the dark sword sideways as he looked at Yang Wei with cool, red eyes. Calmly, he used his talents to mess with Yang Wei's mind but immediately found them useless.

"You trained a Defensive Magic Power as your vital Magic Power?" Han Li asked.

A Transformation Type could only use one Magic Power in their entire life unless they Transcend. The choice was always a hard one. They would be stuck with that one supernatural power while only having a stronger body, after all.

Han Li could feel it; some kind of barrier was around Yang Wei, and using his Soul Sense intensely, he saw it—A sort of gigantic transparent rib cage was surrounding the man's body in a defensive embrace, and his Talents couldn't work while that Magic Power lasted.

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

[Low-level Elusive Movement]

All of them were immediately useless. Completely, utterly useless. All of them manipulated the opponent's mind in subtle ways to get his work done, but now, none of them would be so easily usable.

This was the issue of cultivators of the Ethereal Type. If they were to be targetted with their perfect antithesis, they could be easily countered. In their last actual fight, Han Li used those powers against Yang Wei, and he came prepared this time.

"You certainly hadn't come unprepared…" Han Li said irritatedly. "If someone has a Magic Power that is based on a physical attack like Fire Ball or such, you would be entirely undefended. Using such power as your one and only Magic Power… it would rarely come to use for you."

He had obviously used it with Han Li in mind.

Yang Wei sneered. "My body would save me from harm. I have thick skin and my Transformation is quite good at healing myself."

They looked at each other from a distance for a while, and suddenly, both of them vanished from their spots, and their swords crashed against each other with booming sounds. Han Li was always on the lower hand, his hand trembling and losing against the sheer force of Yang Wei's swings.

"TANGG!!!" Yang Wei's wrist bones broke as Han Li's swing force suddenly doubled in the next swing. The sword in his hand vibrated intensely. Then, a forceful kick on his manhood sent Yang Wei crashing into the waters under the waterfall.

That was Han Li's first Demonic Transformation Power—Vibration.

He smiled as he saw Yang Wei jump on the bank with a quick stand-up. He hadn't fallen so far; the water was just waist-deep where he stood.

Yang Wei walked forward and jumped up on the bank. Their eyes bore into each other, both having their blood pumped. Han Li only had one chance to be wounded, while Yang Wei could heal as many times as he wanted.

"You are indeed a man full of secrets," Yang Wei's voice dripped with hate. His manhood had already healed, but it hurt still. "Your body is as strong as my own when I am not Transformed into my Bone Form. There must be no Evolved in the entire world other than you who could do that… You are great, Han Li."

Han Li sneered. "No ends to your arrogance and ignorance. Trash."

Yang Wei swung the bone blade with one hand while his fist went to smash Han Li's head in. Yet, Han Li blocked the blade with his sword and the fist with another fist. Then headbutted Yang Wei into a hasty retreat.

With an uncalm growl that echoed across the forest, Yang Wei swung the blade defensively, not letting Han Li close in. Han Li closed in and swung his hands in a slash, and he immediately moved his bone blade to parry, only for his heart to drop to the bottom of a chasm. There was no sword in Han Li's hand; it was empty!

He was just acting like he was swinging a sword with an empty hand.

A flying sword pierced towards his head from the back, but just before it did so, Yang Wei jumped, and it only pierced his shoulder. Without letting him go, Han Li calmly chuckled and pushed his hand into Yang Wei's wound, touching the boy's organs for a short second before he retrieved the sword and kicked him away.

Yang Wei breathed heavily. His stamina seemed to have been reduced by at least a small quarter with just that exchange. What Yang Wei didn't notice, however, was Han Li's second Demonic Transformation Power—Vitality Channeling.

Han Li calmly chuckled. "Aren't you transforming? If I were you, I would."

Gritting his teeth with unholy wrath, Yang Wei's form shifted into another. A monster made of bone, from skin to flesh, to organs and everything. Moreover, the bone was nothing like brittle human bones. Each of them was like metal.

Had Han Li's sword mastery been any lesser, he wouldn't have been able to cut that defense. But cutting it… was far from his worries. A bone blade zoomed towards him and Han Li stopped it just in time before he was blasted into a tree. The wood splintered, exploding into fragments.

He quickly sat up mechanically. Glaring at Yang Wei before looking at his own white robes. They were torn.

"Much faster than me… huh?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191 - 191: A little unexpected
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the sun dipped, the horizons dyed in a strange orange color. One that aroused nostalgic feelings, especially in men older than five centuries.

Han Li's gaze was… calm if anything. Yet, even his own birth mother hadn't seen him so conflicted ever before in her life. Yue Li looked at him with a sigh.

Sitting on the river bank, he had one of those rare, painful gazes plastered into his eyes, and he felt much more irritable than his usual self. Li Yao and Liyue were not here, but Hua Yu was behind him, looking at him with a pensive glance.

Sitting in Yue Li's lap was Little Ruo, her countenance much less paler, but at the same time, her eyes fidgety. She had been sleeping for a long time, nearly more than a day and night combined, and had just woken up some time ago.

Other than in Yue Li's comforting embrace, she would become immensely nervous and would curl up into herself.

Rarely did anything make Han Li feel so pained. Rarely did one fact cross his mind: unlike him, Ruo, what to say, even his Mother didn't have memories of the future. They hadn't lived the years he had spent with them. They didn't have those memories he had.

He wondered if he could bring those memories back if he had a higher cultivation strength. Maybe. Someday.

"Hua Yu, you can leave," Han Li said.

He had needed her help to descend from up there to the ground below, but he didn't appreciate any more breach of his privacy. Especially matters that concerned emotions.

The Power Born was obviously curious why a little girl of around 13 was with them. She was all things, but Hua Yu wasn't one thing, a scum of society. Even as opportunistic as she could be, she wouldn't let something like using a child in any dark ways slide.

She squinted slightly but then looked at Yue Li's solemn face before sighing and flying away. Han Li himself, she found him an enigma, but Yue Li, the woman, was simple enough, and she wasn't nearly cruel.

Said in a bad way, Yue Li was incapable of cruelty and was a naive person at her core. The fool would only know once something precious to her gets taken from her. Only then would she actually learn what true cruelty and self-defense were.

She was a Power Born herself; she could see through some things like those, but it also baffled her slightly. How did such a person take care of someone like Han Li?

He was obviously capable of cruelty to himself and to others. After all, the man had threatened Hua Yu with both of their deaths ruthlessly to get her to sign a Heart Qi bond.

The mind boggled. At least, her mind did.

But for now, she flew away. Yet, she was curious.

…

Han Li looked up at her, receding back into the waterfall. He sighed, "That woman certainly doesn't make my mood any better."

"Xiao Li, don't be too harsh on yourself. So why did you bring us here? Liyue was pumped to see Ruo finally waking up. She wanted to try and talk to her."

Han Li shook his head and looked at Ruo and Han Li. His gaze was warm, "As I told you Mom, Ruo is far from safe. Her heart is made out of Gu Worms, just like her spine is. It is of a sort of twin variant. If the Fang Family side killed the part of it in their hands, she would die."

Yue Li bit her lips slightly. Death that, death this… she closed her eyes and sighed.

"So you have a way to save her completely?"

"More than one."

Yue Li nodded in relief and caressed the girl's white hair.

"Ruo, we are talking about you. Can you understand?"

She trembled but didn't speak. Han Li sighed.

Even in his past life, it had been months before she became slightly fine with speaking. But even then, it was his mother whom she was first attached to. He was happy she was the same this time around, too.

Of course, the pangs of guilt really made him uncomfortable; the feeling of helplessness it induced in him was strong. This was a woman he hadn't been able to protect. She had died in his previous life, just like his mother had.

Moreover, Ruo died of suicide in a belief that he had betrayed her—because he had 'betrayed' her. He shook his head and tried to clear his mind, but it was hard to stay stoic. His Heart Qi suddenly flared slightly, and he became as calm as ever. It did have that passive function.

"So Mom, it would take about a week to heal her since I need a Life Type resource to do it. And before you wrack that little head of yours with the guilt of having used up one, let me tell you, someone is coming here with them. Delivering it to me, so no need to worry."

Yue Li's face changed slightly, and she couldn't help but be speechless. It was because she had lost her arm. He flicked her forehead. "Be calm, I said."

"So what did you want to tell me by bringing me here?"

Han Li said, "The Fang Family won't kill her. Even if she went missing, they won't kill her for years." After all, they hadn't come to kill her immediately in his past life. It had taken years from now, so there were undercurrents in that family, too. "But I don't want to risk it. The quicker her heart is free, the better."

Yue Li nodded. "That is obvious."

"But when I get the Life Dao Resource and everything else ready, she would need to be atleast a bit more conscious than she is now. So, try to get her to be more, at least try to make her not be so fearful of everything."

"…And?" That much would have been done even without him saying.

"Mom. I have a lot of debts to this girl. I know I had never told you of my secrets but please, see her as you would see myself. Care for her as you would if the girl was me and I was in as much pain as her."

Yue Li's eyes widened slightly. Then, she chuckled and ruffled his hair. "Idiot, caring for others as I care for you is a bit impossible, but I get what you are trying to say. She is really, really important to you, huh?"

Han Li nodded.

"Gotcha. We'll quickly heal her up and get her to act like a normal person. But be aware, Xiao Li. For one thing, I won't let you even kiss this girl until she is of age and gives me verbal consent." That only made Han Li nod, even though he chuckled slightly. "And another thing, we are not training her to be your wife. She might as well hate you when she grows up, so don't have any ideas.

Until she is of age, yo—"

Suddenly, her words were caught in her throat, and Han Li himself was slightly startled. He immediately stood up, his calm and contemplative self broken as a fearful sensation gripped him. His gaze moved around.

They were at the river bank. The surrounding foliage was calm, other than a bunch of insects. Han Li's gaze moved from one location to the other, his gaze full of cold, killing intent. Ice cold killing intent.

A dark sword zipped out through the waterfall and planted itself on the ground before Han Li. He coldly sneered, "It seems like many had come. What do us humble men owe the pleasure for?"

From different parts of the forest, one by one, people walked out. From one tree to the other, they were all calm, eyes as limpid as water as they walked around Han Li and sat down in the lotus position. They didn't even speak a word. All of them seemed eerily similar to each other, bald heads, brown monk robes, and a weirdly dazed expression.

A woman with a cold gaze landed beside Han Li and looked around with a calm gaze.

"I didn't expect to have visitors even before your challenged man came. What is this about?" Hua Yu asked, the powerful Soul Sense coldly erupting out and suppressing the monks around. Yet, they were calm.

"We do not seek conflict." A young boy came forward and bowed.

Han Li placed the sword on his neck. It easily drew blood, and many of the monks were agitated. The boy, on the contrary, smiled, and an elderly hand slowly patted his head. "Hoho, no change from the last time I saw you. Placing swords on other people's necks seems like your habit, I see."

His eyes trembling slightly, Han Li looked at the man who suddenly appeared out of a 3-meter-long pillar of red mist, standing just an inch away from the young boy. The man was a mountain, eyes profound and deep, with a long white beard.

With a glance, Han Li's face was twisted in shock, "Monk Hen Shin, you also seem to have made appearing uninvited a habit."

"I told you I would visit you someday when I handed Ruo to you. I am just a bit early." The Monk smirked and looked at Yue Li behind Han Li, who was cradling Little Ruo in her embrace. Then, he looked at Hua Yu; the woman seemed ready to fight. His smirk grew, "I had just become stronger. Would you like to test yourself against me, young miss?"

Hua Yu felt the jitters with just speaking to the man and decided to stay silent.

It was no wonder. Hua Yu was just an Average Power Born, whereas Hen Shin was a Sacred Talent, and even among Sacred Talents, he was strong. He must have also gotten some tremendous benefit after winning all those trials.

Han Li asked, "You are quite something, Monk. Did you win all the Seven Trials?"

The Monk's face was full of smiles, but he said with pity, "Sadly not. The Sacred Lust Demon's ways sure are profound… Even this Monk, with all his arrogance, couldn't win the 6th Trial. It is way too hard, way too hard."

Han Li was shocked inwardly. In his past life, Hen Shin had only reached the 5th Trial, and after he came out of the Trial, was renowned as the strongest Power Born of his time. He was an unparalleled Power Born, and that man was now standing before him. Hua Yu stood a fat chance of winning against him.

Smiling wryly, Han Li asked, "How did you come exactly to where I was, I almost feel as if it was all predestined."

"It was the 5th Trial's reward." Hen Shin laughed. "I can now send teleport once a year to anywhere I want in the whole Sacred Lust Continent, just like this red mist method. From one edge to the other, amazing, right?"

Han Li almost felt a wave of envy wash over him, but he quickly calmed down. Hua Yu looked at him, warning him with her eyes not to fight this person. She was saying, 'No, this person is beyond us. He can kill us.'

He scoffed.

"Monk, I have many questions. Why don't we sit down?"

Hen Shin took a deep breath.

"You seem thirsting for blood, young friend."

"Oh, that's not against you. I was waiting for someone here whom I have a death feud with, but he would take some more days to arrive."

Many of the monks around murmured in agitation, but Hen Shin was calm. The monk sighed. "I thought it was against me. How fortunate."

Han Li's eyes twitched. Fortunate that you didn't have to soil your hands with blood?

He hated people stronger than him who were not his women. Period.

And fuck. That Teleportation…

He groaned inwardly.

That would have made everything so easy if he had gotten it….

His hope for Yang Wei increased even more. That guy better have something good. But for now, he took back his sword and Hua Yu's [Parasite Healing] moved promptly to heal the young monk's wounds.

The boy calmly bowed, "Many gratitude for not killing me. We have a little Temple around here and would be pleased to see you come inside. Your fame had caught our attention."

Han Li frowned.

"...My fame?"

Something was going on.

Hen Shin was understandable. He got the power to teleport now, but how did all these monks appear around him, and what fame? He was as inconspicuous as anyone.

At least, he sighed inwardly.

This was not really a bad thing.

At least, Hen Shin still seemed to lack any negative emotions against him.

But at the same time, he had questions. Since there was no use being wary of the man, and Han Li was at his mercy, he dropped his sword in his mother's hand, who quickly put it into her Empty Space. At the same time, an ascetic calm began to emanate from his person. He almost seemed like another monk.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192 - 192: Communication with the whole Continent under one's grasp.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"There is a demon in our lands," an old monk said, seated on the Temple's long steps. He was breathing heavily, obviously tired after ascending the long flight of stairs.

The three children each looked at him in fear.

A demon really lived near them?

The other two monks smoking pipes also listened on with focused faces, stroking their beards. Another demon… and this one near them?

It was indeed very troublesome. Many monks might die if they had to fight.

"This Demon hails from the Starlight Clan but has no powers of the starlight," The old monk continued, his voice deep, "He kills children and the elderly without blinking or hesitation. His heart is cold, and his sword even colder."

The pipe-smoking monks grew serious, their faces growing severe. Yet, they didn't stop smoking.

The older monk had just gone down the Temple but had to come back running after hearing the news, which had stunned him. To believe that the Demon was just a young man was... really a fearful thought.

The three little ones had their faces go pale.

It was a beautiful evening of the 12th month. A new year was soon approaching, and the Temple was celebrating the days by giving the ordinary people clothes to wear and rice to eat.

Who would have thought the first thing they heard after waking up would be this news?

Demons were always scary when they appeared. Men; unscrupulous men with no bottom line or any fear of worldly laws. They always caused chaos.

The temple steps turned quiet as the monks stopped talking. The youngest monk here, a short old man with a pipe, asked, "Why did you say it in front of the little ones?"

"To warn them," the eldest said seriously, "To tell them to run if they ever see a man with shoulder-length black hair and pure crimson eyes. To run and warn us so we could escape with them. This Demon is dangerous as far as the news I heard spoke."

The other two monks nodded in assent.

"But also be wary of the woman who is always with him. She might seem weak, but she is also dangerous," the eldest added.

"Woman?" A child questioned. Women can be villains?

"The demon's mother," The monk sighed, "she is always with him, apparently, and is just as dangerous if I heard correctly, and she has red, crimson hair when she uses her powers."

The children were afraid and sat along with the monks. Each mumbling to each other about past demons and how their Temple had subdued some.

One of the two monks asked the old monk, "So, where did you hear of this particular Demon?"

Cursing his bad luck, the old monk looked at the orange skies that were on the verge of turning dark. "The news spread out from the Southern Lust City. Apparently, the Demon had killed innocent people there before running away with stolen Magical Resources and his mother. Anyone who kills the Demon would be given an enormous bounty."

"Who needs bounty?" The children shivered, and a boy said: "We should put him down! We should contact the higher Temple; the Demon Restraining Temple would surely have strong people to get him on his knees. He is just an Evolved, after all."

The monks chuckled. The oldest said chidingly, "The Demon is just around here. Nobody said he would surely come here of all places. Where are the other monks? Why is the Temple so empty?"

"We don't know," The youngest monk breathed out a puff of smoke. "All of those people ran out earlier and moved towards the waterfall towards the south. We tried to follow, but they told us to stay here and protect the Temple from monkeys."

The old man sighed, looking into the distant horizon. "I can't help but grow anxious. This Demon was said to have withstood a fight against a Power Born. He incited a fight because some Power Borns wanted to gain the secrets in his body. Then, he killed some people and ran away."

Had Han Li heard those words, he would have been steaming and speechless. When had he fought Power Borns? When was it that a fight happened between Power Borns due to his secrets? Wasn't all of that to be blamed on Li Shuanwei?

Li Shuanwei had the Power Borns fight for him. It was that guy who incited everything. Now it was all on his head, and he even had a fat target on top of him?

Had Han Li heard it…

...

In the skies, Han Li's face was as dark as the bottom of a pot. He bit his nails out of pure frustration, his brows furrowed deeply. Indeed, when he messed with Li Shuanwei, he should have expected this; it was his oversight.

Li Shuanwei had used many means to spread the word that Han Li was a Demon. He had even involved his mother in the whole ordeal. Somehow, Li Shuanwei even got the news that his mother's hair would turn red when she used her Spark.

A target!

A fat target was on his head now. All over the world, no matter which city he visited, he would never be able to gain legal entry unless he sorted this out.

Han Li looked at the monks flying around him, all carried in the sky by Monk Hen Shin, as they moved towards the nearby Temple.

The boy he had wounded earlier was floating beside him, telling him what he had meant by the word 'Fame.' Han Li had indeed become infamous. And just as his mother wanted, she had also become infamous along with him—as his mother. That was quick.

His face became even more unsightly when all of his women looked at him with expressions of unease. They didn't know what would happen from now on, but Han Li had a faint idea. If it was not for Hen Shin, he alone could slaughter all these tender monks like sheep, but with Hen Shin, it was the opposite.

The old man's smile as he floated in the air was immensely languid.

'He must have been able to see the whole world when he got the chance to Teleport,' Han Li guessed, 'and then should have ordered these monks to come surround me where I am.' That was the only guess he could come up with.

Or else, the monk had somehow put a tracking method on him or his mother when they were in the Demon World when they met. That was plausible. Regardless, the man's smile was inscrutable even to Han Li.

If the monk wanted to kill, though, Han Li knew they'd be dead.

He looked at the little monk whom he had hurt and asked, knowing that Hen Shin would hear this, "Did Monk Hen SHin order you people to surround me?"

The boy nodded. "The Monk did. The monk said to track you down and send us a location where you might be. We found you and he teleported there."

Han Li's brows shot up. So, can Hen Shin speak with people all over the world when not using his teleportation power? Information was power; if someone had such a world-encompassing way of communication, he would rule the era.

Han Li prodded Hua Yu, who was silently following beside him, to make him move forward to Hen Shin's side. Hua Yu complied, and Han Li floated to stand in the air beside Hen Shin.

"Monk, does your Teleportation power come with any other authorities?" Han Li knew he was being awfully nosy, but monks shouldn't mind. Or so he hoped. This power could really put a stain on all of his plans for the future in one way or the other.

He might have to think of a way to kill this monk when he could. As friendly as the person was, and as much gratitude as he felt for him because he had looked after Ruo, Han Li couldn't risk his future ambitions for that. Not that the man seemed killable.

Yet, the biggest issue of all was another thing. Monk Hen Shin had a Lie Detection Magic Power if he remembered correctly. So, it would all get slightly tricky if he were to antagonize the man.

"Other authorities?" The monk rubbed his white beard. Monks were usually not people with a beards, but Hen Shin was quite different from a run-of-the-mill monk. "I do have other authorities. For example, I have a perpetual connection with all of the continent, as in, I can contact any person I wish to with a thought."

Han Li felt a chill in his heart. Calling a person from one end of the continent to the other with a thought? That would make Hen Shin one of the most influential people of this era when added with the power to teleport once per year. It was almost assured that the monk would get one of the Transcendence orbs in the next Transcendence War.

"…That is convenient," he chuckled wryly.

The monk also laughed, merry. "Indeed, convenient. But I need something they use, like a piece of clothing or a lock of hair or something. I contacted these monks earlier and made them find you. Then, I had the location and teleported right beside you."

Han Li grimaced slightly. "So if you had a piece of my clothing, you could appear beside me any time?"

No matter where he hid...

The monk smiled. "Indeed. This monk has become quite something."

All the monks around laughed and clapped their hands, to which Hen Shin also laughed and clapped his hands.

Han Li sighed.

"This is your era, Monk Hen Shin," he said. Then, Han Li looked at little Ruo, who was cradled in his mother's hands; his women had all already been quite familiar with flying due to Hua Yu helping them up and down the waterfall cavern, but they were still amazed by this long-distance flight.

Hen Shin shook his head and also looked at little Ruo.

The monk who had been helpless against the Fang Family to save Ruo by himself was not the current Hen Shin. The current Hen Shin could easily save Ruo with no trouble. He would have the influence once the world knew his power, and he was also stronger than when he had entered the Demon World.

The monk had nothing to worry about since no one, even the Transcendent, could steal his power. It was the power of the Demon World itself to look after anything, and he was just given a minor authority over it because he had won the 5th Trial.

Fang family, the reason for all of Ruo's torments, was not even one of the four sects. Only the four sects had Transcendent cultivators. Hen Shin only had to worry about the Transcendent now. If he so wished, he could save Ruo.

Han Li was not one to say no to such favors, and since the monk desired to help Ruo from the start, he had a feeling the monk would help her. It would be a weight out of his back but he would have to check the process from start to finish.

"I won't help her," The monk said, and Han Li was startled. A distant temple appeared before them, and soon enough, they descended on them, startling the people conversing there. They especially looked at Han Li.

Han Li looked at the monk. Even if Hen Shin didn't help, Han Li had the means to save Ruo by himself. Calmly, he nodded. "Fair enough if you don't want to help. But may I know why?"

The other monks all exchanged glances. The calmness Han Li was displaying against a Power Born hadn't been lost on them. They had noticed it, but saying it out loud and snorting were not the styles of practice they endorsed.

Hen Shin cupped his hand on his back and looked up at the sky; night had already fallen. Stars littered the sky.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193 - 193: Where are you?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oi Liyue! Did you see your Big Brother Han around?"

Early in the morning, the Temple had a sense of peace. In the huge training ground, a place at the top of the mountain with cobblestones dotting the ground and traditional temple buildings surrounding it, Liyue was training her spear. Bald monks sat here and there; their eyes closed in deep meditation as the rising sun bathed their orange-brown robes.

Hearing Yue Li's shout from one of the Temple Buildings, Liyue stopped her spear and looked at her mother-in-law. There was some distance between them, so she shouted back, "No, didn't he sleep with you? He didn't come here!"

Yue Li paced back and forth for a while before waving and running into the temples. She was having a bad feeling in her gut from the moment she woke up. Han Li was supposed to be by her side since he had slept beside her, but where was he?

She stumbled into many monks walking around with peaceful faces, but that sense of unease wouldn't go away. Soon enough, she stumbled into Hua Yu and Hua Feilan. They were sitting under the shadow of the roof, listening to an old woman's sermon about life with a bunch of monks surrounding them.

Poking the Power Born on the shoulder, she asked hushedly, "Hua Yu, Hua Yu, did you see my son?"

Hua Yu shooed her away, an irritated expression on her face. "I lost all of my Magical Resources to him this morning. He was around here, but I don't know; he seemed to be having some trouble with the monks earlier. Don't trouble us. I was on the cusp of an enlightenment."

Yue Li smiled sheepishly and blinked at some kids who were looking at her in irritation for breaking their concentration in the class. Then, she jumped on her heels and ran to one of the rooms littering the huge building. Opening the door abruptly, she was stunned for a moment.

Her voice hesitant, she questioned, "Li Yao… what is this getup?"

Li Yao's beautiful figure was now wrapped under monk robes, her lustrous black hair tied on her back in a humble bun. She was also in the position of meditation. At Yue Li's sound, she opened her eyes with a slight blush.

"Your son forced this one on me the first thing in the morning. Ask him what he wants yourself. I have no idea what that guy wants. Like, ever."

"Eh…" Yue Li scratched her cheek slightly. "Maybe it is a method of training for you? I don't know. You look beautiful in monk robes, though; maybe it's his kink?"

"Stop sexualizing everything. He is not that shallow."

"Oh? Li Yao…" Yue Li scoffed, "You know my son more than me?"

Li Yao chuckled. "I wonder."

Squinting, Yue Li scoffed once more and asked, "Anyway. Did you see him? I have been searching for him for a while, but he is nowhere to be found."

"Hmm? Han Li was here about an hour ago, and Monk Hen Shin took him away for something."

"Monk Hen Shin?" Yue Li deflated like a balloon. Her son had told her to stay away from that particular monk as much as possible. That monk had the Magical Power of Lie Detection, thus, their secrets slipping out was a genuine possibility—as her Xiao Li,said. Careful, has to be careful.

Sighing, she walked out of the room, leaving Li Yao to meditate, she bet the woman was as ignorant of such a thing as she was and looked at the orange sky. She stretched and all the bones inside her shivered in excitement as cool breath entered inside her.

She was already getting used to this. It had been four days since they arrived here and the monks had given them great housing arrangements. They even visited the waterfall once every day for bathing, even though Han Li had rarely followed.

Living here was becoming a new norm, and since Han Li had been rough on the bed for a while, he had given her a rest from training.

Looking sideways, Yue Li was suddenly surprised.

Under the shade of the oak tree, a woman sat, bored out of her mind, and she was looking at her while picking her nose. Wei Yuanfeng!

Smiling, her shoulder unknowingly a bit haughty, Yue Li walked towards her son's disciple and asked, "Yunfeng, where is your master?"

Wei Yuanfeng snorted slightly. She could see the similarity in the way Yue Li carried herself and how her son carried himself. "He tricked me. He woke me up early in the morning and threw me into cold water for no reason. Then drowned me every time I tried to escape."

Contrary to her belief, Yue Li laughed. "Ah, cold water throwing. Liyue and I also got that at the start; his training hardly ever makes sense, but It works. Believe me, if I wanted, I could beat you to a pulp."

That was not even a lie.

Wei Yuanfen was interested in that, but she sighed, "But that girl has a Spear and all that… while I am just being thrown around. I have learned absolutely nothing new in three days."

"Patience, my girl, patience. Did you see him?"

"Yes. He was kicked down the Temple steps some minutes ago."

"What?!"

"Yeah, literally kicked down from this big mountain. I'd think one or two of his bones would break, but he seemed unharmed…"

"Elaborate!" Yue Li said panickedly.

"He tried to bet with Monk Hen Shin with something and then lost, apparently. But he was unwilling to lose and cheated on the bet. The Monk found out and kicked him from the top of the flight of stairs, and he rolled to the bottom of the mountain due to the momentum. And yeah, the Power Born, Hua Yu, was also there."

"Elaborate more!"

"He also bet with Hua Yu and seemed to have won easily. She lost a lot of Magical Resources to him. All that she had, apparently."

"Where did he go after being thrown down the mountain?"

"I dunno, he yelled something along the lines of, 'Ah, my good brother, you are here!' before running towards the area of the waterfall. Hua Yu was startled when she saw it and immediately went into that sermon area where they spoke jibberish all day long."

Yue Li's mind spun and she remembered something. "The challenge with that Yang Wei kid…!" Her face became bloodless immediately, and she began running towards Hua Yu, but for all she wished, she couldn't move an inch from her position.

Hua Yu looked at her from the top of the roof, having bound Yue Li with her soul sense. Like solid mud, Yue Li had no hope of moving when it surrounded her. Calmly, Hua Yu said, "So he did tell you about the challenge. I thought he didn't."

Struggling, Yue Li asked in rage, "What are you doing?"

"Calm down. Nobody can help your son or he will die—because he went against the rules of his own Heart Qi bindings. This is a duel in all senses of the word. If you think about it, the winner gets everything while the loser becomes nothing. I am indeed curious who this Yang Wei is for your little freak-son to take him seriously."

"He is not a freak, and I know what you mean!" Yue Li struggled and glared at Hua Yu. "My son would win. That Yang Wei guy is nothing good, either. Xiao Li told me about what kind of person that man was once. He is the sort that kills children!"

"Hmm?" A noise of confusion rang out, and the Soul Sense cage around Yue Li vanished. Hen Shin sauntered into the temple hallway and asked, "Kill children? I think your son would do the same."

"No." Yue Li vehemently shook her head. Then, she hesitated, "At least not for no reason."

"Smart of you," Hen Shin sighed. "He would kill anyone but some, I had a talk with him and its obvious you are one of them." He scrutinized Yue Li for a long second. "That makes me wonder why he would be so careless as to leave you here alone when someone as strong as me is here. He doesn't seem to be the type to believe in people's kindness or character when it comes to the safety of his people."

Hua Yu smirked inside and looked at the small necklace hanging around Yue Li's neck. It seemed inconspicuous and simple at a glance, like something given out of pure love. Yet, she had learned what it was from Han Li's mouth itself.

A Walkie Talkie. A power only the Transcendent can use.

That was what all her Magical Resources were used on?

She could see why. Even the all-powerful Hen Shin would hesitate to harm Han Li or his benefits if a 'Transcendent' warned him. The bone in Han Li sure was bold, and she didn't even know if that was all that he had planned in case shit hit the fan and Hen Shin became an enemy.

Yue Li didn't know that the necklace around her neck was a walkie-talkie through which Han Li could see everything here. Even though it was in a dormant state, the moment Yue Li's heart rate quickened beyond a limit, it would snap its eyes open. Doing that was not too hard since there was a piece of soul sense inside it.

It would still vanish though, after some hours.

But of course, if it opened its eyes here, Han Li himself would become unconscious. That, of course, only if Han Li decided to show up himself. He wouldn't be pulled here in between a fight unwillingly. It was more like an alarm. He could choose to come or not.

Transcendental Resources were indeed awesome. Especially when you get the chance to use it as a cultivator below the stage of Transcendence. Yet, now he was empty of any resources. Hua Yu was, too. He had cooked all that they had.

Seeing Yue Li's nervous appearance, Monk Hen Shin sighed. "Your son, did he find a way to heal Ruo?"

"He always had a way…" Yue Li said, cautious not to lie. If Han Li had told her that he had a way and didn't tell her to lie, saying the truth should be better, "He knows how to get rid of the Gu Worms replacing Little Ruo's heart and spine."

The monk nodded.

He had refused to help Ruo because he himself didn't know how. If he tried to barge into the Fang Clan and fight their Power Borns to get his hand on the opposite end of the Gu, replacing Ruo's heart… that would also cause a lot of innocent deaths. To save one Ruo, he was not willing to kill many innocents who would get involved one way or the other.

When gods fought, mortals were the ones most harmed after all. Yet, knowing that Han Li did have a way to save her, he couldn't help but feel some sense of relief. Even a bit of admiration.

"Monk," Hua Yu asked. "Isn't protecting the peace of all lifeforms kind of your thing?"

"Hmm? Indeed."

"I am curious. Yet, Han Li seems to take it for granted that you monks wouldn't interfere in his fight. Why… is it like that? That you won't interrupt a fight in which one party would surely die. Aren't monks supposed to lend a helping hand to all sufferers? Whoever of the duo ends up dying, isn't it your thing to save the loser?"

Monk Hen Shin sighed. "No, death is the greatest way of ending all sufferings of life. Neither our temples nor I are responsible for the actions of people who are clearly of age. As long as there is nothing forcing them to decide so, it is their own decision. He knows we wouldn't bother interfering with unknown duels. He is far too wise for his age."

Hua Yu nodded in enlightenment. She knew that would be the case. She just wanted to make sure. "Monk, who do you think would win?"

"Who do you want to win?" The monk asked.

"Of course, that would be Han Li. He is my partner."

The monk sighed. Then, he walked away.

Leaving Yue Li in a wreck of anxiety and fear.

***

Near a waterfall, Han li and Yang Wei sat against each other. A small bonfire separated them from each other. They both ate meat and drank wine. Their swords were inside their sheaths for a long half an hour before the wild rabbit vanished into their stomachs.

"Yang Wei, do you fear death?" Han Li asked, smiling.

Yang Wei's pale eyes were a sort of deathly calm. He replied in a feminine voice, "Indeed. I fear death."

"Do you have a Life Type Magical Resurce in your hand to place as the bet of whom among us would remain breathing tomorrow?"

"Five of them." Yang Wei put a small cloth bag down.

"Do you have any unimaginable treasure to put as a bet?"

Han Li put down his Life Sword in front of him. "This sword is priceless."

Yang Wei's eyes lit up.

"Do you have anything else?" Han Li asked.

Both of them were wary of each other. Han Li was especially wary of the Spirit. He had some thoughts about what it was but he was afraid of one thing more than anything, even if he won, such an enigmatic thing as the Spirit would surely have some kind of powerful last-ditch attack or something similar. Even your usual Power Borns had those things, not to mention the Spirit...

which he presumed was something far more deadly than a normal Power Born.

Yang Wei himself was also wary. Han Li felt stronger.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194 - 194: Gouging
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Near the waterfall, Han Li and Yang Wei sat against each other. A small bonfire was separating them from each other. Both of them ate meat and drank wine. Their swords were inside their sheaths for a long half an hour before the wild rabbit they had caught vanished into their stomachs.

"Yang Wei, do you fear death?" Han Li asked, licking the gravy of the meat from his hand.

Yang Wei's pale eyes were a sort of deathly calm. He replied in a feminine voice, "Indeed. I fear death. Failures are failures but death is the end."

"Do you have Life Type Magical Resources in your hand to place as the bet of whom among us would remain breathing tomorrow?"

"Five of them." Yang Wei put a small bag down. Han Li squinted at it, noticing the 5 different fruits in it, of all sorts of colors. He grinned.

Yang Wei asked, "Do you have any unimaginable treasure to put out as a bet?"

Han Li put down his Life Sword in front of him. "This sword is priceless. Won't even give it away for a hundred Life Dao Resources."

Yang Wei's eyes lit up.

"Do you have anything else?" Han Li asked.

Yang Wei shrugged and put down his bone blade in front of them. "This is nothing much, but it can cut people like grass. You included. I don't think any Evolve stands a chance of stopping it using their passive defenses."

"I see…" Han Li sighed. Yang Wei would indeed not be so easy; he was already attempting to intimidate Han Li. Not that Han Li didn't know the potency of the blade at a glance—maybe Yang Wei realized he knew it too, or he should have used its sharpness as a surprise attack.

So, his body alone wouldn't be able to resist the attacks that Yang Wei would throw. That made things trickier, but Han Li had never planned to fight Yang Wei solely with his body.

"So should we begin our fight?" Han Li asked, pointing a rabbit bone at Yang Wei.

He had the urge to ask about the Spirit, but that knowledge could be used later; they didn't know Han Li had knowledge of the Spirit after all. In Yang Wei's and the Spirit's minds, its existence was a secret.

Of course, before Han Li's Life Sword, his enemies rarely had secrets.

Yang Wei's bony eyes shone. "I'd like to know some things before we begin. You seem to have gained a lot of fame in the last few days; all over the cities, your face and posters are abundant. What is that about?"

Chuckling, Han Li said, "I met this interesting guy. More interesting than you, named Li Shuanwei. It's his gift for me."

"Hmm…" Yang Wei calmed himself and sighed. "I should be careful of that name after I kill you."

"You seem quite confident. Do you think you can kill me?"

Yang Wei looked at Han Li with a veiled gaze. Han Li was not nearly as strong as he currently was when he had seen him for the first time almost a year ago. Then, Han Li had just been an average Evolved. But now?

Even Han Li's physical body alone gave Yang Wei a sensation of danger.

Indeed, Han Li had changed far too much from that time. He had gone through 3 of the 7 Demonic Transformations, and he also had more Magical Powers—Talents—and overall, he was at a far different height. Not to mention Heart Qi, which was much more abundant and powerful than Yang Wei's own Heart Qi in quantity and quality, at least.

Of course, the other man had more control over Heart Qi. Yang Wei knew how to use it best to his advantage, whereas Han Li didn't know how to use it other than to frighten people. Even though his Heart Qi had reached the levels of true Transcendence stage cultivators, it was barely of use.

"I am confident, Han Li." Yang Wei sounded almost sincere, "And believe me, I think I am nervous for the first time in my whole life; you really had been under some pressure."

Han Li and Yang Wei both silently gouged each other. Seeing as far from each other's depths as they could using their own ways. Han Li himself used the way Life Vision worked with his own judgment to give Yang Wei a sort of status. It was far from accurate, but it was not wrong, at the very least.

Yang Wei had a physique with all-around Top-Tier performance for an evolved. There were no weaknesses in him, and his Regeneration powers even surpassed normal Top Tiers and were on a level of their own as far as Han Li had seen.

Below Average, Average, Above Average, High, Top Tier… and a level surpassing that. Han Li had only surpassed the Top Tier in Stamina and Defense.

Han Li thought.

If he were to judge himself solely on those statuses, his regeneration and speed paled in comparison to Yang Wei, while his defenses and stamina far outstripped the other man. He would have a much better body than Yang Wei's base body, but when Yang Wei transformed into his Bone Form using his Transformation Dao Soul… Han Li would lose the overall advantage and would be forced into the defensive.

The dark sword was suddenly in his grasp, and "TANG!" the sound of a thunderous blade crash echoed as it blocked Yang Wei's bone sword. With a swipe on the ground, Han Li sent a wave of mud into Yang Wei's face, but the youth was prepared; he jumped back 4 meters in a simple jump.

Han Li stood up, holding the dark sword sideways as he looked at Yang Wei with cool, red eyes. Calmly, he used his talents to mess with Yang Wei's mind but immediately found them useless.

"You trained a Defensive Magic Power as your vital Magic Power?" Han Li asked.

A Transformation Type could only use one Magic Power in their entire life unless they Transcend. The choice was always a hard one. They would be stuck with that one supernatural power while only having a stronger body, after all.

Han Li could feel it; some kind of barrier was around Yang Wei, and using his Soul Sense intensely, he saw it—A sort of gigantic transparent rib cage was surrounding the man's body in a defensive embrace, and his Talents couldn't work while that Magic Power lasted.

[Talents]

[Low-Level Lack of Lust]

[Low-Level Fantasy Inducement]

[Low-Level Sensational Barrier]

[Low-Level Seduction]

[Low-level Elusive Movement]

All of them were immediately useless. Completely, utterly useless. All of them manipulated the opponent's mind in subtle ways to get his work done, but now, none of them would be so easily usable.

This was the issue of cultivators of the Ethereal Type. If they were to be targetted with their perfect antithesis, they could be easily countered. In their last actual fight, Han Li used those powers against Yang Wei, and he came prepared this time.

"You certainly hadn't come unprepared…" Han Li said irritatedly. "If someone has a Magic Power that is based on a physical attack like Fire Ball or such, you would be entirely undefended. Using such power as your one and only Magic Power… it would rarely come to use for you."

He had obviously used it with Han Li in mind.

Yang Wei sneered. "My body would save me from harm. I have thick skin and my Transformation is quite good at healing myself."

They looked at each other from a distance for a while, and suddenly, both of them vanished from their spots, and their swords crashed against each other with booming sounds. Han Li was always on the lower hand, his hand trembling and losing against the sheer force of Yang Wei's swings.

"TANGG!!!" Yang Wei's wrist bones broke as Han Li's swing force suddenly doubled in the next swing. The sword in his hand vibrated intensely. Then, a forceful kick on his manhood sent Yang Wei crashing into the waters under the waterfall.

That was Han Li's first Demonic Transformation Power—Vibration.

He smiled as he saw Yang Wei jump on the bank with a quick stand-up. He hadn't fallen so far; the water was just waist-deep where he stood.

Yang Wei walked forward and jumped up on the bank. Their eyes bore into each other, both having their blood pumped. Han Li only had one chance to be wounded, while Yang Wei could heal as many times as he wanted.

"You are indeed a man full of secrets," Yang Wei's voice dripped with hate. His manhood had already healed, but it hurt still. "Your body is as strong as my own when I am not Transformed into my Bone Form. There must be no Evolved in the entire world other than you who could do that… You are great, Han Li."

Han Li sneered. "No ends to your arrogance and ignorance. Trash."

Yang Wei swung the bone blade with one hand while his fist went to smash Han Li's head in. Yet, Han Li blocked the blade with his sword and the fist with another fist. Then headbutted Yang Wei into a hasty retreat.

With an uncalm growl that echoed across the forest, Yang Wei swung the blade defensively, not letting Han Li close in. Han Li closed in and swung his hands in a slash, and he immediately moved his bone blade to parry, only for his heart to drop to the bottom of a chasm. There was no sword in Han Li's hand; it was empty!

He was just acting like he was swinging a sword with an empty hand.

A flying sword pierced towards his head from the back, but just before it did so, Yang Wei jumped, and it only pierced his shoulder. Without letting him go, Han Li calmly chuckled and pushed his hand into Yang Wei's wound, touching the boy's organs for a short second before he retrieved the sword and kicked him away.

Yang Wei breathed heavily. His stamina seemed to have been reduced by at least a small quarter with just that exchange. What Yang Wei didn't notice, however, was Han Li's second Demonic Transformation Power—Vitality Channeling.

Han Li calmly chuckled. "Aren't you transforming? If I were you, I would."

Gritting his teeth with unholy wrath, Yang Wei's form shifted into another. A monster made of bone, from skin to flesh, to organs and everything. Moreover, the bone was nothing like brittle human bones. Each of them was like metal.

Had Han Li's sword mastery been any lesser, he wouldn't have been able to cut that defense. But cutting it… was far from his worries. A bone blade zoomed towards him and Han Li stopped it just in time before he was blasted into a tree. The wood splintered, exploding into fragments.

He quickly sat up mechanically. Glaring at Yang Wei before looking at his own white robes. They were torn.

"Much faster than me… huh?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195 - 195: Thoughts stirring
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yang Wei was faster than Han Li. The more they fought, the more it became evident.

Han Li was far more skilled in balancing himself, swinging at weird angles, or taking his enemy by surprise. Yet, Yang Wei was learning more with this fight as his foundation.

He was just a High-Proficiency Blade wielder for an Evolved, whereas Han Li was even beyond Mastery at this Stage of cultivation. His sword slashes were always better than Yang Wei's, but due to sheer speed advantage, Yang Wei kept dodging his attacks or blocking them.

The more they fought, the more apparent Han Li's two big weaknesses became. Speed and Regeneration. Little by little, the wounds on his body piled up. No scratch actually healed quite fast enough. Some scabbed up pretty quickly, but it was slow.

Whereas, even when Yang Wei almost had his whole hand cut off, he just humped back and healed up. It was indeed irritating.

Yang Wei in the Bone Form was a fighter Han Li had no chance of defeating using brute strength alone—at least for now. Taking a deep breath, Han Li distanced himself and looked at Yang Wei, who had his bone-like skin shining in the light of the morning sun.

Both of them paused.

Han Li was a strategist more than a brute, but when his Magic Powers were so easily countered like this, he could clearly see his own flaws. There was no clear way to kill his opponent in his grasp. There was no end-it-all attack in his hand. He was a passive fighter.

Feeling rather lighthearted, he teased, "Yang Wei, you certainly don't seem to have improved much from last year. Just an added Magic Power to protect yourself from my Magic Powers… are you only this much? Was your year only this much?"

Yang Wei growled slightly. His eyes intensely murderous. Han Li had become entirely different from the last time they fought—no longer was Han Li so vulnerable as long as he lost his Magical Powers. His body was unnaturally strong.

Overall, it was weaker than Yang Wei's own physique, but it was, at the same time, capable of surviving against him. With a cold laugh, Han Li attacked this time, his form jumping through the air as his sword whizzed towards the opponent's neck.

Just as Yang Wei wanted to defend, a behemoth aura of fear struck him deep in the heart. Just as he was overwhelmed and just as his neck was about to be sliced, though, another force controlled his body and kicked Han Li just in the middle of his guts.

The place the hit was given was just right to make him fly meters away and roll through the ground like a ragdoll.

A feminine voice spoke again in the form of Yang Wei, "What level of sword mastery! Even I am filled with admiration! And… Heart Qi," The voice was cold, borderline emotionless. "It is almost as if you are a reincarnated Transcendent Stage Cultivator in the body of a youth in the Evolution Stage, won't you say so, Han Li?"

Han Li chuckled and stood up, stretching his back as his red eyes shined mischievously. "So you finally showed yourself, Spirit."

Yang Wei cursed suddenly, "I will fight!" and once again, his voice became less feminine.

A sigh reverberated, and Han Li scratched his head in irritation. "What a pest," he muttered before flourishing his sword in a cold manner. Suddenly, his demeanor changed entirely.

The hair at the back of Yang Wei's neck stood up in genuine, mortal fear, and he instinctively gave away his body's control to the Spirit.

The woman's eyes—Yang Wei's—also slightly trembled at the sudden change before she grew defensive. Only for that sudden feeling to vanish as Han Li once again grew languid and rested the sword on his shoulder.

"Spirit, huh? You should also be a Transcendent… at least, once upon a time."

The Spirit emotionlessly noted, "Just like you. There is no other way for you to be so strong. I also concur that you are… one of the seven inheritors of the Sacreds."

Han Li raised an eyebrow, alarmed.

"You know many things," he said. He had a slight inclination not to kill and instead research her previously after he got rid of Yang Wei, but it had all vanished.

He would kill her. Unlike the people in the Awakening, Evolution, or even Power Birth stages, Han Li saw Transcendent differently—they were his peers—all deadly creatures. None of them were worth giving roots to grow, as they were each people who could easily threaten him by their mere existence.

They were as old as him; they would have hearts as calm as his, too. This woman, she was better off dead.

The Spirit cackled. "To see a true inheritor of the seven Sacreds, what a fabulous thing. For once in decades, Yang Wei is also so tamed that his soul couldn't possibly overtake mine for a long while. If I kill you and steal the position of the inheritor for myself, will I be able to suppress him entirely?"

Han Li's eyes burned like timber in red fire. He smiled casually.

"What are you?" he asked.

"You don't need to know." The woman replied.

Han Li chuckled. "I know what you are, actually. It is easy to guess, after all."

The Spirit froze but then mockingly looked at him. "You know what I am?"

Han Li walked towards her with an eery smile that sent shivers down her spine.

"Spirit. Spirit. Spirit. As far as I could tell, you do not have a fleshly vessel, yet you are still alive. And as far as I know, your Lifespan had been used up long ago—a Transcendent is not supposed to live so long. Then another fact, the fact that you are not from this world at all."

That made Han Li chuckle, but the Spirit shivered and jumped back, making distance with him. Han Li looked at her with eery calm. Life Vision was indeed a powerful thing. Till now, the Spirit had never dared to stand so proudly in front of him, and now it was doing exactly that, and his Life Vision had gotten its first reading on her.

It was surprisingly simple and surprisingly… similar to Li Shuanwei.

—

[Munyu] [Age: 1200]

[Current Cultivation: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Unawakened]

[Death: (in the last premonition) never died.]

—

The reason for Li Shuanwei being so hadn't yet been clear to Han Li, but now, he could clearly understand why. He even understood the true nature of his Life Vision ability with just this result.

He breathed out.

There were three types of Cultivation in the Seven Continents.

Beast Cultivation is where one evolves their Beast Cores to grow stronger. Animal, Beast, Beast King, Beast Emperor, and Beast Daemon level Beast Cores. This originated from the Everlasting Beast World. This was the cultivation of the body.

Once trained to perfection, it should make him invincible by theory.

Dao Cultivation was the cultivation where one would train to become closer to the Heavens by having a better Dao Soul. A Dao Soul closer to their Dao.

Spark Acquire, Awakening, Evolution, Power Birth, Demi-Sacred, Transcendent and Sacred. This cultivation, as far as Han Li could tell, was focused on his Empty Space. The more his Dao Soul evolved, the more perfect his Empty Space would become.

The Sacred Stage Cultivators had an Empty Space that was literally a world on its own, the Demon World, after all. Thus, the theoretical perfection for the cultivation was clear to Han Li—gaining ownership over all 7 Great Daos and combining them into the Origin Dao.

He would become the one and only heaven, and his Empty Space would transform into the Seven Continents. Once he completed that, he should attain Omnipresence and Omnipotence—at least over the Seven Continents.

He would have all of the Magical Powers in the whole world, after all, with no bindings. No. Magic Poweers would become obsolete. He would be controlling the Daos themselves. Normal Daos like the Lust Dao and the Great Daos like the Life Dao and all combined… The Origin Dao.

The Origin Dao was the reason the world of the Seven Continents was created in the first place. It should theoretically make doing anything possible. Theoretically, he should become Omnipotent if he has control over the Origin Dao.

And since the Empty-Space-turned-World would be inside his own body, it should also be equal to him attaining Omnipresence even though he was blurry about what such alien concepts... meant. They were distant things.

But to him, their end goals were clear.

And finally, the one type of cultivation that he had only seen one other person practice… the cultivation Li Shuanwei had introduced to Han Li… Vital Weapon Cultivation. What could be its end goal?

The Beast Cultivation aimed for invincibility.

The Dao Cultivation aimed for Omnipotence and Omnipresence.

Then what did the Vital Weapon Cultivation aim for?

As random thoughts stirred in his mind, his movements became slightly sluggish.

Yang Wei—the Spirit—immediately noticed it.

'He is having an enlightenment in the middle of a battle!' It roared and ran towards Han Li.

He was completely undefended.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196 - 196: Blade
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Spirit. Spirit. Spirit. As far as I can tell, you do not have a body, yet you are still alive. And as far as I know, your Lifespan had been used up long ago—a Transcendent is not supposed to live so long. Then another fact, the fact that you are not from this world at all."

That made Han Li chuckle, but the Spirit shivered and jumped back, making distance with him. Han Li looked at her with eery calm. His eyes made the Spirit fill up with a sort of nervousness that it had rarely known.

Nobody was supposed to know the Spirit's age or anything about it. Could Han Li understand what it was?

She had no idea about Life Vision, but she felt a foreboding sensation as Han Li moved closer to it. His shadow simply devoured its senses. But then, Han Li paused. His mind was astir with thoughts.

What was cultivation?

If Dao Cultivation was becoming the Heavens, omnipresent and omnipotent, and Beast Cultivation was becoming Invincible by the end of it. Then, what did Vital Weapon cultivation represent?

He was on the cusp of receiving that enlightenment. His Life Vision could show him the cultivation of Beasts as their Beast Core Rank; he had always been able to see through a Beast with his Life Vision. Why couldn't he see through the Spirit and Yang Wei with Life Vision?

Why were they just Unawakened when they certainly were not… Unawakened?

As random thoughts stirred in Han Li's mind, his movements became slightly sluggish. Yang Wei—the Spirit—immediately noticed it. 'He is having an enlightenment in the middle of a battle!'

It roared and ran towards Han Li. He was completely undefended. His sword was down, and his eyes dazed.

Cultivation. Cultivation. What was cultivation?

What was the meaning of it all?

Why would people cultivate?

If there was a way for people to become Omnipotent, Omnipresent, and Invincible… why were they not so since birth? What was it that he was missing?

Deep down, Han Li had a feeling these thoughts were extremely important, that this enlightenment might somehow change his life. Somehow, open up his path forward.

Nevertheless, suddenly, his eyes flickered, and he jumped back.

The bone blade swiped through where he stood. Han Li's eyes were as cold as ice.

Whatever it was, that had been lost.

The Spirit sneered, "Vital Enlightenment! as if I'd let you go through that right in front of me."

Han Li's red eyes grew indifferent. What was lost was lost. He raised his sword.

"I don't really like this form. It is an extremely… irritating experience because I would become an utterly emotionless thing when I do this. More of a machine rather than a human. Yet what do I do? When I do that, I am… Strong."

The Spirit stood on the defensive. Its hair once again rises in apprehension. There had been moments like this before when Han Li felt faintly different, and it was more oppressive than ever right at this moment.

"Spirit," Han Li calmly caressed the rusty blade in his hand, and it turned red like frozen blood. "I had never been as infuriated with someone as I am now. It is rather novel. So what we were talking about… I know what you are quite clearly now."

Snorting, the Spirit emotionlessly questioned, defensive, "What am I then?"

"A Transcendent."

"Oh, if that was not obvious enough!" The Spirit spat, its eyes shadowed.

"A Transcendent… and as I said, not from this world." Its eyes grew calloused. "And not of the Dao path, not of the Beast Path… but a Transcendent in the Vital Weapon, Human path.

"You used up your Transcendent Orb on that cultivation, but that doesn't make any sense as there is no such person in the last history of 1200 years. And you are… just that old."

There was no Transcendent by the name or characteristics of the Spirit. The only possibility, then, was that she was not from this continent. Yet, since she trembled when he said 'not from this world,' that seemed more accurate.

Was she from the actual Everlasting Human World?

Then, that would make sense how she cultivated their path. Vital Weapon Path. Why was she and Li Shuanwei counted as Unawakened, then, in his Life Vision?

Han Li could clearly understand what that power was now. Everything the Heavens knew, he could learn using his Life Vision. It was a gift from the Heavens, and the Heavens were Omnipresent and saw everything.

If someone Evolved, it would see.

But Vital Weapon Cultivation was different. The Heavens could create anything, and everything, a sort of omnipotence, and the same heavens were everywhere, a sort of omnipresence.

Yet, it was not omniscient. It didn't know everything.

That was why his Life Vision had an issue with some people. They were a mystery to the Heavens, too. So, was The Spirit not a part of this world at all?

Nothing was clicking into place, but Han Li knew everything would make sense once he had the memories of the Spirit.

The Spirit trembled, and Yang Wei's consciousness inside the body also trembled.

Smiling, Han Li's appearance started to shift.

A frightening silence inundated the place as he slowly walked forward.

His black hair slowly transformed into a frighteningly dark silver.

The sword in his hand broke down into a dark liquid and streamed inside his body. His appearance became an utter black, and he completely vanished from the opponent's soul sense, just like his sword.

There was no Han Li there, like a void in space.

But its eyes could see Han Li clearly.

He was like a blade. His hands had shifted to a sword, and his every part just seemed like a sharp edge. The red eyes were also different. Emotionless. Cold.

Ruthlessness to everything.

True… utter indifference to life and death.

Han Li walked forward and stood two arm's length away from Yang Wei.

Yang Wei's one eye was Yang Wei's own, trembling in disbelief, while the other eye was The Spirit, blank.

The bone form of Yang Wei seemed to be the exact opposite of Han Li's. Pale, powerless. At the same time, the other man was just… deadly.

Han Li smiled, but it was frightening.

3rd Demonic Transformation Power he had gotten after Transforming his Bones—Blade Fusion. It made him a sword in its entirety.

He was the sword.

"So Vital Weapon Cultivation gives you some unique advantages," Han Li emotionlessly noted. "Is it that cultivation which allowed you to live for 1200 years when you shouldn't have lived so long? And what is this… Spirit form."

Yang Wei didn't speak.

Han Li nodded.

'No need to speak. I will check both of your memories after I kill you.'

He punched Yang Wei, and the opponent jumped back and fearfully threw a punch. Yet, blood exploded as Yang Wei lost his arm. Han Li's arms were sharp like the sword itself, and without Soul Sense sensing him, he was far too unpredictable.

Second punch. Another arm.

Third punch. Yang Wei's chest exploded into blood and gore.

Fourth punch. The Spirit pleaded, "Don't kill me; I can be useful to you! I'll make you stronger!"

Fifth punch.

Yang Wei's head was blasted off of his neck and into the pristine waterfall, dying it red for a brief moment before the currents washed it away.

The body limped for a second and turned as if ready to flee, but the next second, it fell on the mud, the blood staining the ground red. Han Li chuckled coldly and looked down at him.

After everyone dies, their Empty Space disintegrates into the atmosphere and becomes Energy in the surroundings.

If you are at least a Power Born, your Dao Soul would rise into the sky and apparently become stars. But that was all based on Dao Cultivation.

The Empty Space of other humans disintegrates, and of course, the one who gets it all is this world itself. The consciousness of the Dao Tree—the Heavens is the one benefitting. All lives ended here would become part of its strength after all.

This world was… the Empty Space of the Heavens in a sense.

Calmly, Han Li looked on as a blast of Energy separated from Yang Wei into the surroundings. That should be it for an Evolved, but Han Li waited.

He removed his Bone Fusion Form and returned to his natural self. In that form, he was too indifferent and emotionless. That part of the form was rather irritating.

He took the loot of the Life Dao Fruits and the Bone Blade before sitting under the shade and meditating. At the same time, he also contemplated the lost Comprehension.

10 minutes.

20 minutes.

One hour.

12 hours.

One day.

A week.

Nobody came to visit him. Nobody would since his Walkie-Talkie had told his mother that he was safe and there was no need to worry. Yet, he didn't go back either since he had a feeling that if the Spirit was still alive, only he could sense it.

Two weeks passed, and Han Li meditated beside the dead body. By now, it reeked, but Han Li wasn't too bothered. He had slept 'inside' the dead body of a horse for one month before, hiding from enemies. This was nothing.

One month passed.

He ate all the birds that flew by and drank water from the stream.

The body was rotting.

He looked at it in silence.

His Soul Sense couldn't sense The Spirit anywhere. It was as if it had died entirely along with Yang Wei, and Han Li had a flickering doubt that, indeed, that had happened.

Their situation seemed rather weird in the first place.

He had to go back before it was too late in order to save Little Ruo's situation. He had to get rid of the Gu inside the girl. He couldn't be late.

Yet, he was unwilling to bring them here. Who knew what kind of deadly means The Spirit might have as a last-ditch effort if it was indeed in hiding?

He hadn't even touched the dead body due to that fear.

From the air, the Power Born Hua Yu had come the first day itself, but even she didn't notice any difference on Yang Wei in any way. He seemed a corpse enough.

Even Monk Hen Shin came here once and said it was nothing other than a corpse. Yet, Han Li shooed them away, his gaze intently focused on the corpse as days passed. It was already past the new year, the new year had ended, and now it was nearing the middle of the 2nd month.

The coldness was profound in the air.

Calmly, Han Li spread out his Heart Qi and used his Soul Sense together with it. On the blackened corpse, he saw nothing. He sighed.

He stood up.

His sword could already check out the memories of The Spirit, but he hadn't delved into it yet. He had to check it when he had the chance. It was going to be a treasure trove.

If nothing, The Spirit knew how to use Heart Qi better, and it also knew more about Vital Weapon Cultivation than even Li Shuanwei. That was good knowledge.

Taking two stones from the side, he made a fire and burned some twigs. From the fire, he took out a specific one and burned the corpse. It was hard to burn, but some stray leaves helped him burn it easily. He was prepared with defenses, but nothing happened.

Yang Wei was dead. The Spirit had died with him.

Han Li turned around and yawned before stretching himself and walking towards the temple.

No. That was a lie; he hid around there for another half a month before actually moving, but nothing happened. The place was still.

It was the 2nd month of the year when he finally ascended the steps of the temple again. He was not sure whether the Spirit was dead or not, but her memories should tell him the truth.

Who knows?

Maybe... he might even find something interesting.

He had asked Hen Shin to try his method of talking with distant people on the Spirit, but the Monk refused to help him in this any more than he had already, so there was nothing else he could do.

Yang Wei was dead, that much was certain, and more probably than not, the Spirit was dead too.

He breathed in the air of the temple and sighed as he looked at one of the five Life Dao Fruits he had in his grasp.

The Heavens seemed to be helping him; this was exactly the fruit he needed to save Ruo. He didn't even have to Luck Trade for it.

There was also Liyue… She should be pouting after all of this…

He sighed and looked up at the blue sky.

The Heaven and himself... it seemed they were far too, oddly so, connected than it seemed.

Eagles flew above the temple, circulating it for a while before flying away into unknown places. Smiling, he shook his head and looked around to see bald monks glaring at him.

Demon!

He was desecrating their temple. Murderer.

Han Li ignored them and entered the temple grounds before finding his mother; she was stunned to see him in the middle of eating her noodles. Her face literally lighting up awkwardly in the act of slurping.

Yet, he carried her up, interrupting her eating in the middle, making the monks around look at them, before taking her to his room and pushing her onto the bed.

She could only admonish him for a little while before the room was filled with sensual moans and the noise of rustling sheets...

There was a lot to do—healing Ruo, the marriage with Liyue, getting Li Yao started on cultivation, training his disciple girl, seeing his mother's memories, turning all the Magic Powers under Lust Dao into his Talents—but he had decided to throw himself into work, only, after a short rest.

A little respite.

[End of Volume 1—Demon's First Steps]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197 - 197: Yue Li's messy writing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If one climbed to the top of the tallest mountain near the Falling Dragon Waterfall, there lay the Temple of Suffering.

Here, all day long, the monks would be scurrying about with all sorts of activities. Chanting, making vegetarian food, meditating under oak trees or on the verandas. There were also many children being trained by the experienced monks here; they would be more carefree, running around, drawing faces on the meditating monks with ink brushes.

Yet, as the night comes, everything settles down. The noisy children go to sleep in their assigned quarters, and the monks, as disciplined as baldies that they were, would also move into silent meditations.

On the roof of the tallest temple building in the complex sat Yue Li, and she was alone. Her brows were furrowed in contemplation, often writing something on a piece of paper with an ink brush before throwing it away.

Finally, she smiled slightly and looked up at the moon on the horizon. Twinkling stars dotted the canvas of the dark skies; this high up from the ground—with the mountain's height and the buildings adding up—there were not many sounds of insects. The rare cicada or stonefly was thus all the more audible.

She sniffed, feeling the chill in the air. Then, once again, she focused on the sheet of paper in front of her. Even in the darkness of night, she could see clearly as a Cultivator, so her hand flowed smoothly through the paper, writing things slowly and calmly.

"Yue Li, who ate fruit which she wished with her System by trading her talent, and Han Li was born. The Boy was cute. Very cute. Then, he grew up. Sad. But not too much."

She looked at the paper intently. She wasn't too good at English but fine enough, she presumed. What she wrote didn't seem wrong to her… at least.

Giggling slightly, she began writing once more. "Han Li had no talent in cultivation. He had no Spark at all. Poor boy, no wonder he went on to become such a loner in his later years; he was unlike any other child, after all. He doesn't even has... Hm, or was it have?

any friends. Even now. He has some women on his tail now… but not then."

She dipped the brush in the ink and wrote once more. "Heh!… Not that I am swooning at him because he is my own son, but he worked hard at that time. My legs were broken, hmm, not exactly, but I was crippled and had constant attacks of leg pain at that point.

He was a cook in the Southern Lust City, and he cooked for every poor person and made just enough money for us to survive with decent circumstances."

'Was that the spelling of circumstances again?' she cursed the people who created this unholy language. Or was she too stupid? Couldn't be.

Smiling to herself, she continued: "At that point, the beautiful mother, Yue Li, used to get scammed often by traders selling random things. Of course, the prick of a son didn't know that she was not really getting scammed but was in search of destiny.

Heh, you heard me right; I had used the System years ago by trading away my own Talent to get Xiao; hm, maybe I shouldn't use this nickname, but his actual name in writing, Han Li, started on cultivating.

…

The system didn't seem to have worked, but I thought somehow, if I got some legendary artifact from one of these scammers, he would be able to cultivate like everyone. So, I kept losing money on things that seemed like great and magical things—of course, I was scammed.

And in one of these scamming escapades—especially note that it was on the day of his 18th birthday—that I got the Demonic Lust Sutra. A black covered, blank paged book. It was expensive, and the little motherfucker was irritated and made issue with me for losing his hard-earned money on useless trash. Of course, there was a twist.

In the end, the book was no ordinary book but the Inheritance of the Sacred Demon of Lust. A great inheritance! Something that could let my dear boy cultivate. And cultivate he did.

He gained a Lust Spark by taking my anal… Virginity. Losing his virginity in the process.

Ahh, fond memories. Then, he also seemed a bit… different from that day onwards. He was still my Han Li; there was no doubt about that. But all of his little characteristics seemed to have become much more extreme.

I will give you an example. His wariness.

He had been wary of strangers even when he was a kid, far more than his own mother was, but since that day on, he had been way too wary, seeing anyone and everything around him as enemies unless they proved otherwise. Of course, the only people who proved otherwise were Li Yao and Liyue; I think he saw every other person as an enemy. He became extremely wary of simple wariness.

That was only one facet of what constituted Han Li. His ruthlessness… he was always indifferent about the fate of strangers once she thought of it, even as a child, but since the day he started cultivating, it became a truly extreme level. He, as ashamed as I am to say this about my dear boy, is a Demon. A ruthless bastard.

Of course, he hadn't killed for a long time now… but I know that's because he hadn't had the need to kill for a long while. There are only a few he cares about; the rest, he looks at them with utter indifference. I thought about it, you know?

Wondering what could have made my son more extreme. I asked him. Again and again, but he never gave an answer. For as sweet as he is, he is incurable when it comes to secrets. He knows everything about me from top to bottom, but he keeps a lot of secrets, but damn… I had already guessed it out. What had caused my son to change?

It had been so obvious. He had a lot of new knowledge, like… he knew everything!

After starting his cultivation, he got to make Liyue his fiance, and he taught her Spear Arts. The way of the spear.

Han Li taught me how to use knives to kill… like a professional. Fuck, I am so good with it now… his teachings are scary good.

But it was clear. For whatever issue they faced, Han Li had a way of handling it. It was as if he was experienced at everything. I could guess the rest.

Han Li had probably… Regressed to the past.

That day, on his 18th birthday, he must have regressed. On top of the roof, his eyes had turned half-red. When he fucked her, it had become completely red. That pair of eyes must be the mark of his regression. The more I slept with him, the more he tried to shrug the point away, I became sure. And I am now very sure of this fact.

He must have regressed. Of course, when I asked him, he just had his face pale slightly and even vehemently rejected it. Yet, I don't think that this is not the case anymore. He couldn't fool his own birth mother for too long, but I had decided to ignore this until he said not to. If he doesn't want to talk about it… his future life must have been painful.

Maybe I myself had died?

That could hurt him really bad. I am proud of the fact, but I know the implications. Anyway. Then, after he 'Regressed,' his cultivation speed was obviously fast.

He became an Evolution Stage Cultivator at the age of 18. His Lust Spark Evolved to become a Minor Dao Soul of Lust. Then, he met… Yang Wei. They were destined to be enemies from then on. That creepy boy with bone-like eyes still frightens me to this day.

They parted there. Han Li and Yang Wei had a Heart Qi binding, saying they couldn't disturb each other.

But then, days passed, and Han Li trained each of us patiently. Me, my son, Liyue, and Li Yao. We were a little inconspicuous family in Southern Lust City.

Then came Liyue's marriage…

Thinking about that, Yue Li had a wry smile.

…

On the day of Liyue's marriage, which was being hosted by Hua Feilan's marriage service, Li Shuanwei's stirred-up pot began to fill the Southern Lust City with chaos.

Power Borns were fighting; Evolved were running around, and some normal men had even died. It was pure chaos. The Clan Head of the Starlight Clan bellowed, and that was also another ruckus.

After making a contract with Hua Feilan to protect Liyue and Li Yao until they returned, Han Li and Yue Li headed out of the city, thinking they would stumble upon some benefits. Still, such plans were thwarted, and they were in danger instead.

Then, they abandoned the plan and returned, but on the way…

The Heaven Rising happened. Red mist devoured the world, and Sacred Talents rose up to the sky.

All Sacred Talents were conglomerated into one place, The Demon World.

That was one place filled with intrigue.

Han Li searched for Little Ruo there and found her. The poor little thing. Little Ruo's organs and bones had been transformed into living worms—she was meant to be used as a machine of sorts, but luckily, they saved her.

There were a bunch of fights after that, and she also met the Monk Hen Shin there.

Then, they moved into the Trials area, a huge people-less city.

They saw the gigantic statue of the Sacred Demon there. A statue that seemed to be touching the skies.

They also met Wei Yuanfen, who went on to become Han Li's disciple.

Then, they came out of the Demon World to the real world… after failing in the 4th Trial against Li Shuanwei, who cut off Yue Li's arms. She was unconscious at that point, so Yue Li didn't have much idea of those moments, but she could guess.

Han Li must have met Hua Yu, who had joined Hua Feilan in protecting Liyue and Li Yao because she was Hua Feilan's friend. After that, due to Li Shuanwei's overwhelming power, along with Li Shuanwei's father, Starlight Clan Head—a Power Born—they fled the city.

They stopped in a waterfall cavern, and Han Li sent a challenge for Yang Wei. Then, unexpectedly, some days before the challenge, Monk Hen Shin appeared in front of them out of nowhere, and they moved to the Temple near the waterfall.

Some days later, the duel between Han Li and Yang Wei happened. Han Li obviously won, and Yang Wei died. He seemed suspicious of some Spirit's life or death, so he meditated near the dead body for nearly two months, then he returned to the temple… and honestly, Yue Li could say without a doubt that that day was one of the wildest sex she and Han Li had had.

Since that day, it had now been nearly three years.

Some interesting things did happen in these three years, but Yue Li was far too lazy to write about them. For example, Liyue's marriage.

This was a very curious subject. Han Li and Liyue had tried to marry many different times after that, but something always seemed to interrupt it. It was almost as if Liyue was cursed; all of the time, the marriage was midway, and something disastrous ruined it. Last time, it was an actual earthquake that ruined the marriage.

Indeed, something was amiss.

Just as she was writing, someone pinched her cheeks powerfully, and she ouched.

Looking sideways, a red-eyed young man was glaring at her writings. His gaze especially focused on the words 'Regressed' and some other parts. With a sigh, he gave her a harder pinch.

"Just because others can't read English doesn't mean you can go so wild with it. That's like half of my life right there. My enemies might be able to kill me because of that."

Yue Li said through the pain in her cheeks, "No, they can't. The ink is special, a water-type Magical Resource. Only the writer can see it. Your eyes are too weird. You can see my Um…" She mouthed, "Luck Chat System too."

Han Li coughed gently and patted his mother on the back. "I like how you are becoming more contemplative. I honestly do. But there are a lot of things missing in this little writing of yours regarding that year. And it's so messily written, even though the handwriting is rather good."

Yue Li felt delighted at first but then smiled wryly.

"I thought so as well."

Han Li smiled.

She didn't know a thing about his Sacred Eyes, his Magic Powers transforming into Talents, and she didn't even really know what cultivation was; if he was writing a recap of it, he would have involved how his strength grew every time, too.

Yet, she had gone so far as to guess the true nature of his future knowledge and proficiency. Indeed, when it came to things regarding himself, his mother was a genius.

He brought her head close to himself and kissed the side of her face. Then said, "Head down, I am entering another seclusion here for a while."

Yue Li shook her head vehemently. "I found this place first. This rooftop is mine."

He sat down and brought her into his embrace. His hands and chest smothered her down, and before she knew it, she was completely under his mercy.

Her body had grown stronger over the past few years, but he was still far stronger.

"Then we might as well go into this seclusion together," he muttered.

She nodded enthusiastically.

This was where he usually came to meditate, and his meditations were even more horrendous than the monks sometimes—lasting a month or two before he stopped. He even used Magical Resources to regulate his food consumption at those moments.

She had always wanted to spend a seclusion with him, even though he told her she would probably be bored to death. "By the way, why the sudden seclusion?"

"You know the girl that Monk Hen Shin took in as a disciple?"

"Ah, that pretty woman with an attitude. The monk seems to have some high hopes for the girl's life as a monk."

"I think she is smitten with me."

Yue Li was stunned, but she got no more answers as Han Li closed his eyes and went into meditation.

Yue Li sighed. No wonder he came up the roof.

She had come here alone because he was nowhere to be found in the first place, so she had no complaints. She leaned on his chest and tried to fall asleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198 - 198: 3 Years had passed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Volume 2—To the throes of the unwise, I sing the harmony of life and death.]

_

Wind and rain buffeted against the parasol. It flapped and flopped, making a dark and ominous noise that echoed alarmingly. The surroundings were deadly calm, cold, even.

The parasol hid the thing beneath it; in the darkness of the night, the thing's eyes were clearly unusual. Somehow, they stood out because It was… not there.

Those Eyes were empty, though the more apt word to say would've been the abyss.

Abyss!

The parasol-holding creature walked forward in the night. Everything was eerily silent except the wind and rain.

The unholy forest stretched under its footsteps, ever wide and disturbing as the rain splattered around it with tempestuous weight.

The pools of water it walked over turned into crawling worms, and everything it walked on seemed to just... fall into nothingness, being evaporated.

A sudden whip of wind made the parasol flap harder than ever.

The creature suddenly turned towards the side. It looked as if the abyssal gaze could pierce the darkness. Then, it focused its gaze on something—or someone. My heart faltered; the creature's abyssal gaze had found me.

A maelstrom of something surged forth, engulfing my consciousness in its wild, untamed fury.

I was, but a cultivator of the Vital Weapon Path, yet this creature in front of me was more, so much more than a cultivator. Something devoured my senses, and when I woke up, I was in another world.

…

Han Li opened his eyes. His mind was muffled and disoriented for a long moment before his gaze cleared. There was a sense of doom still echoing in his heart, almost as if he'd died. It was not an unfamiliar situation to a man who had died, not once, but twice before; it was a familiar well he'd rather not drink from.

He breathed heavily before looking at his surroundings.

He was seated on the high steps of the Temple of Suffering, and up in the sky, the sun was looming, high and mighty. It was noon of the fourth month.

Feeling parched, Han Li sniffed and sighed.

Then, he took some more deep breaths.

He had once again failed.

He did not really fail, but he couldn't go past the traumas of The Spirit. Shaking his head, he still felt that bone-deep fear. It was clutching at his bones and rattling him.

He snorted. His Heart Qi spread around himself, clearing the haze surrounding his mind.

After attaining [Blade Fusion], the Life Sword had become one with him.

Unless he wanted to, the sword doesn't have to be taken out of his body. It was flowing through him like a liquidized, no, a gaseous, substance. When he activated [Blade Fusion], the thing would surround him entirely, making him a blade in the form of a man.

He could also, thus, read memories that the sword stole without activating or carrying it physically in a sheath or something similar—he was the sheath.

Just a while ago, he had once again been attempting to read The Spirit's memories completely, but he just couldn't. Every time, it reaches that particular scene after a boring sleep, and then everything cuts off. Regardless, even with that, Han Li had already gotten a lot of information that he didn't have before.

The Spirit, named Munyu, was not originally from the Seven Continents as he had expected—that unnameable thing devoured her before she became what he coined a Spirit. Before she arrived here on the Seven Continents.

From then onwards, her life was a void to him. That moment just breaks his concentration in the dream. His immersion.

What was she? Was she dead now? What were her goals? Why was she with Yang Wei before Han Li killed him? It was all a mystery.

It gnawed at him to know more, but he also knew why he couldn't go past that blockade to watch more. Unlike the ordinary people whom he tried to watch the memories of, The Spirit was an actual Transcendent. The power difference was extreme!

He would have been able to see her memories quite easily if he tried to force it, though, but the issue was the effect on himself. The Spirit seemed entirely different from humans in all senses. He just couldn't read her memories without being affected mentally by her own emotions. If she grew terrified, he was also terrified.

He had many thoughts regarding everything, like the Spirit was from the Everlasting Human World and more, but he pushed those aside for now. Thinking like that gave him no benefits; he should focus on moving forward with that memory, at least until it gives him more methods of using Heart Qi.

Shaking his consciousness out from his head, the surrounding serene landscape became a much clearer thing in his mind, and he focused on the woman meditating beside him. It was Liyue.

He smiled slightly. It was going to be a pivotal moment in the girl's life. He briefly ended up thinking of their first meeting; more than three years had passed since then, and Liyue had become a woman… much more of it than she was.

Her beauty was one thing that had certainly become far more noticeable. Her curves were softer, her dark brows always sharp like swords, often frowning. Her baring was akin to a spear, haughty, upstanding, unquestionable.

Her dark eyes now closed, always had the shine of stars in them and an ambition of becoming more than what she was. Her dark hair was far longer than it had been, falling on her back and then following down to lay loosely strewn on the cobblestone ground. Her face, fair and beautiful, had a mature aura of confidence.

As Han Li stared at her, he couldn't help but think of his marriage. He had attempted to marry Liyue many times in the last few years, but something, anything, kept interrupting the marriage—ruining it. Something was afoot, and that made him slightly worried.

She was about to Evolve now. She was already an Awakened Master in the art of Spears, and her body had also become as good of a body as it could be in the Awakened Stage for an Ethereal Cultivator.

Han Li could've used his neutral Dao Crystals, which were usable by any cultivator of any Dao, to give her an early advantage—by giving her a body nearly equal to Evolution Stage Cultivators. Of course, but he had learned not to do that in recent years in one of his many… experiments.

He was not one to get into something without proper research, and he hadn't created his own Beast Core as of yet, too. He didn't really know what the principles behind it were. Most importantly, he only had 5 Life Dao Resources—now three, after healing Ruo and using one to increase Liyue's Talent to become Sacred.

He couldn't use the rest nonchalantly.

He had to be sure about it; he would soon enter the final parts of his experiment regarding Beast Cores, and he would probably have to use one as a throwaway experimental resource, too, but Liyue had reached maturity as an Awakened now; it was time for her to Evolve.

She and her growth were much more important than a Resource.

As he was lost in his thoughts, Liyue's eyes fluttered open and rested on Han Li's red eyes. Han Li was briefly speechless. Liyue had a regal elegance to her gaze, one that seemed heroic and beyond all, but her smirk broke the illusion.

"What, Big Brother, too stunned by my beauty?" She asked; her mind was already as calm as possible after introspective meditation. It was about time she attempted Evolution.

Han Li sighed and sat closer to her. He held her hand.

"Am I the nervous one now?" Her hand tightened around his. He asked, "Are you not nervous one bit about Evolving? You know, many people fail in it."

Liyue smiled. It was a beautiful sight, one that had even enchanted monks before. Of course, the only thing that scenario ended up with was either Han Li himself beating them up or Liyue herself beating them up.

…Not to mention, some monks had supposedly even gained enlightenment because they endured worldly afflictions by not looking at her as she passed by. She had become that beautiful. In an extremely powerful and bold sort of way.

Han Li smiled back. "If you fail in Evolution, your big brother Han will fail as a teacher. You are my best student, after all."

Liyue's smile broadened, and she kissed the back of his hand. "Mother Yue would make a scene if you call me the best…" She giggled. "And Yuanfen is also good."

"Yet, you are the first to gain my approval to Evolve, so you are indeed my best."

"Of course," she said, then her smile grew a bit wry. "We should try one more time to get married after I evolve. If it fails, we can be sure something is afoot."

Han Li held her gaze. The time seemed to stop briefly. No one would come here for a while; everyone, even Yue Li and the others, had been barred from this place as Evolving alone had been Liyue's choice—alone with Han Li if that made any sense.

She took a deep breath and then asked, "So, shall we begin?"

Han Li nodded, saying with a teasing smile, "Evolve, marry, and I finally get to have actual sex with you—which is not in the back but in the actual place."

She frowned and tightened her hold over his palm. With a disconcerted expression, she said, "That is so… like you! This is a pivotal moment for us; don't just think about that. Like, our future is bright no matter where I look, and the one thing you noticed was sex."

Han Li smiled, but her next words made him contemplative.

"This might not be too noticeable to you, Big Brother, but you know… we should do more than just have sex and walk around the temple. Not only me but all of us think so. You know, like an occasional break from research and cultivation is not too bad, right?"

Han Li nodded, but Liyue obviously saw the half-heartedness in his nod. She sighed, "I will talk some sense into you after I evolve—maybe by beating my own master in a fight."

That… made him raise an eyebrow.

"Evolve first." He said with a shake of his head and a faint smile which she smirked at.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199 - 199: Evolution failed? Or not?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liyue and Han Li walked hand in hand around the temple steps; they were alone. Her legs had a small spring to them, and she looked around, searching for the perfect step to evolve in, as she called it. There were many steps, and of course, there must be a step that she should also like.

The monks here had a little...legend.

The best step was the step that was taken. If she didn't take it, it would be nothing but a normal step, but if she took it, it would be a way forward. It was jargon, of course. It didn't mean anything in particular. Yet, it was fun.

Maybe it was because she was about to Evolve… everything seemed fun.

The steps that were so slippery due to ice it would have been impossible to walk on it—had she not trained in the art of spear. The hand of the man she loved and her freedom to swing it around as she hummed a small tune and walked down with… no worry of slipping. Even if she slipped, he'd hold her.

Of course, he also often let her fall… to teach her the essence of falling, he said.

Yet, she doubted he would do that today. Today was a day to rise, not fall.

Jumping down another step and balancing her footing, she smiled broadly.

"Big Brother, I love you so much!" She exclaimed, her puffing breath and her smile filled with unhinged bliss. Her brown twinkling eyes were full of

Han Li was thinking about something important, but he paused. He was not really the romantic type, at least not in his own opinion, but he could appreciate such words from a woman he obviously cared for—one of the rare few in the whole world.

"Lucky am I to have one of the most beautiful women in the entire continent say that to me…"

She chuckled, and her spring seemed to have Evolved already as her pace quickened. He smiled and followed; she really had become so much more beautiful.

It was honestly a bit worrying at this point.

Every Cultivation Stage would only make her look more beautiful, and she would surely bring trouble. If not today, someday else, but it was lucky they were under (sort of) Monk Hen Shin.

They didn't really have anyone to be worried about at the moment.

Nobody Han Li knew would want to mess with someone as powerful as Hen Shin for a woman who was not their own.

That monk was obstinate but helpful in many ways. You just have to play your cards well, and Han Li was rather sure the Monk wouldn't let any of the people in his Temple be hurt for no reason—even Han Li would be protected.

They reached a broken step filled with surviving greenery on it. There was also some little spider webs there. She smiled and sat down on a clean part of the step.

Han Li shook his head with a wry smile.

'A place that signifies survival even in harsh conditions, huh? The monks filled you all with their superstitions, those accursed baldies.'

Liyue exchanged a glance with him, and he nodded.

She sat down, took a deep breath, and closed her eyes.

Ten minutes passed.

She breathed out the icy air inside her chest, and a Spark appeared on her palm. It was golden white in color—The Spark of Starlight.

She looked at it for a minute in contemplation, each of Han Li's teachings streaming through her mind one by one as she calmly started her training.

The Spark slowly detached from her skin and floated an inch above her palm.

Immediately, her Soul Sense expanded in size to twice the amount it was.

From 5 meters as an Awakened to 10 meters; what she would have permanently if she successfully Evolved. The sight of her fiance, husband, and the source of all sort of complex thoughts in her mind was reassuring, he was staying beside her as if this was just a walk in the park and not some actually fate changing moment.

'He is always like that,' Liyue mumbled a complaint to herself. 'Even if the world crumbles, he probably would be this calm. The only thing that ever breaks him into an actual sincere smile is either something Mother Yue does or… us growing stronger.'

That was not bad. It was reassuring.

Her head started to throb as if a scorching nail had been hammered into it.

She gritted her teeth and looked at the spark resolutely.

Han Li looked around, eyes calm. He was not worried Liyue would actually fail. Only fools relied on luck, and he had made Liyue into someone who didn't have to rely on something that flimsy.

Yet, there was the mystery of those failed marriages… that worried him slightly. Monk Hen Shin was a very amiable monk—a non-naive but usable man. Han Li was sure the monk would help in case someone strong was behind that fiasco.

It was something more. He just couldn't put a finger on it. He was a bit worried whether that would impact Liyue's breakthrough, somehow.

With his knowledge about the Energy of the world, he could see that the whole world's energy was converging on Liyue's Spark. It was all moving towards her, gently surrounding the Spark that had detached from herself.

On the other hand, Liyue grit her teeth. Her regal bearing doubled in might as a fierce vein popped up on her forehead.

The Spark rose higher from her body, and the pain increased.

Her heart started pumping in adrenaline in waves. She clenched her hands as the feeling of her Spark losing out of her own control started to thump against her chest.

It had always listened when she told it to come out or go back in. But now, it was unresponsive.

As it was absorbing the energy of the world, it was also being corrupted by this energy and melding into the world. Han Li coldly looked at it. The Heaven—The consciousness of the Great Tree was taking back what belonged to it when the Humans let it out of their body.

The consciousness was tugging at what was its.

Give it back to me!

Mine!

He felt as if he heard guttural screams, but his face was cold. Impassive.

Those were his own conjectures but most probably true.

Yet…

What if it belonged to you?

There was no pity for the Heavens in Han Li's mind.

The seven Sacred Demons had burned its body, and all Spark were its cinders. It wanted itself back. It cried for it.

So what?

Yet, he did think of one interesting fact.

That was the tribulation that had ruined hundreds of people's lives but it was just taking what was its own from the first place.

Liyue smirked as a devilish grin plastered across her face.

"Not giving it to you!"

The Spark suddenly shook and stopped 4 inches in front of her face.

The sensation of connection spread through the Spark.

She had a feeling as if her soul had become the Spark while her body was just a shell for it to live in. It was as if she was projecting her own mind outside of her body as the Spark burst in a whitish hue in front of her.

Her mind briefly went blank, but she immediately stabilized herself as the Spark floated in front of her—no longer a little whitish flame but a carbon copy of her own body in a flame-like form. It was akin to an apparition as it stared at her like a doll.

It felt as foreign to her as the stones scattered outside her room.

She had no connection with it. This was the last part of Evolving, accepting the Spark back into the body and melding it into your true soul.

It had lost connection with her due to Evolution.

It was now neither the Heavens nor herself. It was just Energy. She had to bring it back into her and make it her own power.

Her head became dizzy as if she had been hit by a metal rod in the back.

At this point, Han Li could help her if he wanted by pushing her towards the Spark. By touching it, she would win. Yet, he didn't do it and waited. Nevertheless, Liyue made all of her power erupt for the first time in her life.

She was tired, dead tired, but her body moved forward like a cheetah as she opened her mouth and devoured the Spark like an angered goddess.

He nodded. She was deadly fatigued due to the headaches and pressure against the tug of war between her consciousness and the Heavens. If the Heavens could focus its powers, she would have been nothing but an ant, but it couldn't—it had lost in the tug of war.

"Grr…." Liyue growled weakly but she could feel her soul shaking, it felt as if a mosquito was buzzing by her ears before her gaze brightened for a short moment and then dimmed as she slipped into unconsciousness. Her body was sweating profusely.

She fell towards the side, but a hand caught her and pulled her into a lying posture on his chest. Inside her body, inside her Empty Space, she was transforming fundamentally. Soon enough, she will be able to generate Dao Crystals and also perform the Magic Powers of the Starlight Dao.

Her Spark had Evolved. It was no longer a mere Spark but something much stronger. Something that was a source of power and change.

It had evolved into a Minor Dao Soul.

The Minor Dao Soul of Starlight.

Han Li carried her down the steps of the temple in a princess carry and sat down in a place with shade. She must be experiencing her Breakthrough Dream now—The Dream, the memory of their own life that cultivators had as an obligation after each Major Breakthrough in cultivation.

As her regal baring was pushed aside and everything became calm in her sleep, he could once again see that vulnerable woman.

Shan Liyue. She was as cute as ever.

She clung to his robes instinctively.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200 - 200: Attempt at Right
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Han Li was sitting on the temple steps, caressing Liyue's beautiful face, a wayward monk walked towards him.

The monk had a bulging build and was strong, powerful, and mighty. He walked towards him and rubbed his white beard, asking Han Li, "What do you think, The Heavens, indeed?"

Han Li placed his hand against the concrete steps, letting Liyue lean on his chest. Feeling her faint smell against his nose, he said calmly, his voice sighing, "Indeed, the theory of the existence of Heavens. I am pretty sure that's true now. There does exist a powerful force in the very air surrounding us, Monk. A consciousness."

The Monk closed his eyes as if to try and feel for that unknown high consciousness. That omnipresent being called Heaven—was it true?

It had never been proven that such a thing existed. If such a thing existed, where did it come from?

Liyue tightened her arm on Han Li's chest; her nails would've sunk into him if he had let her do that—or if his body was weaker.

The monk was indeed ignorant about the Dao Tree or the Heavens as a whole. It was not common knowledge. Yet, the more days that passed, the more Han Li was sure the Heavens did exist. He was rather certain. It was something similar to Soul Sense; it was spread around everywhere. Watching.

Watching, but nothing else.

He even had doubts about other things now.

It was said that when a Cultivator above the Stage of Power Birth or higher dies, their Dao Soul would rise into the sky and become a star. Was that the truth? He wondered.

Maybe the Heavens could easily devour the cultivator that they were dead, and it was putting on a show to make people not be… wary. Heavens were certainly not unintelligent, after all. Maybe it was even more intelligent than a human.

It could all be a ploy. Who knows?

"Can you feel it, monk," Han Li asked, his mind calm. "The Heavens, I mean."

The Monk shook his head and then focused on Liyue.

"I've seen a lot of people, Oh Han Li, and sadly so, I am a very… judgmental monk." The monk sat himself on a higher step, looking far into the wilderness surrounding the mountain they were on. "I judge everyone and everything how I see fit. That's who I am; if I think someone is a demon, they are that and that alone. I am rather selfish and wayward indeed. But I am who I am."

"Oh," Han Li looked at him. "You seem to have something to tell… uhm, no, ask of me?"

The Monk nodded. He looked into Han Li's eyes, and Han Li's gaze grew cold as he saw the slight movement of the Monk's mouth. He had chanted a Magic Power.

The chant was almost unnoticeable with how fast he spoke it, but Han Li's gaze was far more experienced than the monk's. The chant was done.

The Monk squirmed slightly, seemingly uncomfortable, and asked, "Oh Han Li, I have some questions. Please enlighten this monk, if you may."

Han Li asked, tone bland, "You are the Power Born. Why would I not answer?"

The Magic Power must have been… Lie Detection.

But why?

"What do you want to do in life?" asked the Monk.

Han Li jested, "Attain eternal life, maybe?"

"…Eternal Life," The Monk was silent. "So you are a demon who wants to achieve eternal life. But is it worth it? To kill all under heaven, after three years of talking Dao with you, I am heavily doubtful about everything, Han Li. Is it worth it to achieve Eternal Life if you kill everyone and everything to achieve it?"

Han Li blinked.

"Of course, I am not a normal demon, at least not in my own opinion. I am a True Demon. I do have things in this world I care for—I love my mother beyond myself. Even this woman is currently on my lap; I love her too. They are all dear things to me, Monk; I am not an emotionless machine. In fact, I feel emotions much deeper than most Monks could comprehend."

The Monk frowned further in doubt. These were not lies.

"But do you really love these women, Han Li?" The Monk shook his head, confused. He had been confused for a while now. "Your thoughts are arbitrary and crass. You once said you decided to love Liyue, but that was an arbitrary decision. You are allowing them into your heart, and then you might begin to love them unconditionally. But isn't that just selfish?"

Han Li frowned. "What is your end goal, Hen Shin." He said with an unpleasant tone, "You seem to be searching for an excuse or something."

The Monk shook his head. "You also know why I am here. I have only had two disciples my whole life, one of them I am not worried about. The other, the woman you well know… Shin Wenyu. She is smitten with you, Han Li; I want you to do something that would make her think otherwise."

Han Li raised an eyebrow, an image of a beautiful Monk woman appearing in his mind.

"Why?" He smirked. His gaze was burning in mockery. "Worried that I would lead her in my blasphemed path of searching for something like eternal life?"

The monk was a bit taken aback, but he nodded. He sighed, "Not only that, I am also worried you would use her. I know, I've seen it myself. You are ungenuine, you are shameless, and you are willing to use anyone.

"At first, I believed you only cared for one person, your mother, that was my judgment on you then, and that is it now. What you said is not a lie; you do indeed love the woman in your lap. Lies don't work on me.

"You love Liyue, but I don't know; I've judged you incapable of that, Han Li. Can you even love? Your heart is as cold as ice!

"I don't care about others. I don't even care if my disciple would walk a road different from mine and get herself a husband, but that cannot be you. You are not meant to be; you are a demon, whatever the case is. Your heart is incapable of love other than to anyone other than your mother. Only she can be loved by you."

Han Li sneered, his derision clear.

"You were true. You are obstinate and judgemental with no basis to put your thoughts out."

The Monk nodded. "That's why, I will call someone who can prove to me that you indeed doesn't love anyone other than your mother. That you only see everyone else other than Yue Li as tools. That proof should be enough for Shin Wenyu to realize what kind of a demon you are."

Han Li frowned for a second, then turned towards the distance. On the top of a temple building, from one of the windows, a woman was looking at him intently. His gaze saw her clearly even though she was far away. She was a beautiful woman—when he first met her, she used to be bald, but here she was, her black hair flowing behind her.

Indeed, that woman was smitten with him. She was an Evolved, and she must be using some Magic Power to listen in on them.

"So it is a show for her to see what a beast I am, huh?" Han Li chuckled and said to the Monk using voice transmission. "I am not against it, to be honest. I don't really care for your discipline; I'll help you do what you want straightforwardly. I'll tell it out loud how I think of her as nothing but another person. Yet, if you want me to do it, pay up.

You can teleport once every year to wherever you want, right? Give this year's Teleportation to me."

The Monk took a deep look at him but shook his head. Han Li had indeed said that in the Voice Transmission form because Shin Wenyu might be listening in on them.

To Han Li, what mattered was benefits, not a stranger young girl's affection.

She was not his woman; her thoughts had nothing to do with him.

It was good to have her for free, though, but antagonizing Hen Shin would be too much for such a thing.

Calm, Hen Shin shook his head. "I am not doing this for her alone, Han Li. I am going to prove that you are emotionless and incapable of loving others. I am going to prove that only Yue Li truly matters to you. As for the Teleportation, for the courtesy of this event alone, I will give this year's teleportation to you."

Han Li had a slight headache. He snapped, "Go on!"

Hen Shin took out a small hair. Then used his power to call anyone from around the Continent on it. Silently, a minute later, he opened his eyes, and a figure made of energy manifested in front of him.

It was a colorless blob.

But unlike Han Li's walkie talkie, it began to transform in form and soon turned into an absolutely cold-faced young man.

He calmly put forward a hand, and a feather floated above it. He explained coldly, "Feather of feelings, a treasure of unknown origins. It has only one thing that it can do: it can measure the feelings that a person has—any feeling. If you say you have love, it will be measured; the same goes for anger and any other emotion. Do it quick, I lack time."

Han Li calmly scrutinized it for a second before touching the feather.

Thinking, I love my Mother.

The Feather began to increase in weight and the man's eyes became increasingly astonished until he groaned and jumped back.

All over his shadowy form, there was transparent sweat.

Hen Shin asked, "What's it?"

"Immeasurable. The feelings are as deep as an ocean, if I try to see its depth, I'd probably drown myself and they are all deep feelings ingrained deeply in his self. It is a deep love for one's parent, one's mother. He would gladly take his heart out and put it in his mother's hand," The cold man calmly said. Yet, his fear was evident.

He didn't seem like he wanted to be here, but was rather, forced to be.

The monk nodded.

Then Han Li once again put his palm on the feather.

He himself was becoming curious about the feather and the person. He would have already rejected to be a part of this but letting him teleport for once was a great opportunity he couldn't miss. His strength should raise sooner then.

'I want to achieve eternal life, attain control over Life and Death.'

The intensity of this feeling washed over the man and the man stumbled a step back. He shivered and his form turned pale. "The feeling is akin to fire, if I touched it, I'd burn myself."

Han Li coldly chuckled at this point. Who were they trying this on?

Who was it that they were trying to... trick?

No one other would have realized it. Yet, he could understand it clearly.

Like clouds up above in the horizon, his face darkened. They were trying to manipulate his mind. They were trying to indoctrinate him with beliefs that were not his own. The feather could weigh feelings?

Heh, don't make him laugh.

The feather was trying to forcibly change his mind and it was clear to him because of only one thing, instinct. He had already made 299 out of the 300 hundred Magic Powers under the Lust Dao into his Talents and that had given him a clearly different type of instinct.

He could guess, they were trying to transform the Demon into a Buddha. Yet knowing that, the meaning of the man's words changed in Han Li's mind. They were no longer something judging him:

The feelings are as deep as an ocean, if I try to see its depth, I'd probably drown myself.

The feeling is akin to fire, if I touched it, I'd burn myself.

Both of those feelings were beyond the capability of the man to touch. Han Li smirked, using Life Vision on the person before him.

[Age: 200]

That was all he needed to know.

Han Li laughed coldly in his heart. No person that young could hope to have feelings half as deep as him. From his words, it must mean that he'd need to have emotions as strong as Han Li's own for their trick to work.

Yet, they had been badly mistaken about something. Something crucial.

He would have resisted it outright but the Monk's gaze had an hidden glint of hope. A mildly uncalm sense of agitation Han Li had missed to spot till now. Losing this guard dog wasn't worth it... he couldn't fight this out.

Han Li smiled, he was ready to suffer.

"I love Ruo," he said out loud and touched the feather. It was like icy tendrils, the emotions deep enough the other man felt as if he was frozen in the abyss until blood oozed from the side and he stumbled back.

"Emotions are filled with guilt and an intense sense of protection, I can't even..." The man coughed blood again. "I can't even come close to grasp its depth. The guilt is so simmering I'd be washed in bitterness if I touch it."

His gaze had changed. Now, his eyes held an irrepressible fear and respect as he once again showed Han Li the feather. Han Li looked at him mockingly, amusingly. While, on the side, the Monk had a solemn expression.

His claim had already lost any meaning it held. Han Li could well and truly feel emotions for people other than Yue Li but it was only one person, Ruo. What about the others?

Was he really not using Shan Liyue and the others for his purposes?

And can those fake feelings be used to turn Han Li into a righteous person?

Away... from the Demonic Path?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201 - 201: After the Breakthrough
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey Liyue!!"

A knock came from outside the room. Liyue was startled and looked down at Han Li who was in the middle of lubricating her asshole. She asked with shyness, "It's Yuanfen outside, should I answer her?"

Han Li leaned down and kissed her but at the same time, pushed his cock deep into her through the back. She was briefly breath-taken and pulled his face closer by running her hand through his hair and pushing him towards her.

Han Li pushed her down and tightly held her to the bed, she muffled a moan but it was unnecessary as their lips met once more and she moaned into his mouth. She could feel it, the powerful thrusts slamming into her back. Her mind was filled with pleasure—she loved this feeling.

Wei Yuanfen banged on the door again. "Liyue, what are you doing in there? I saw you entering. Argh, open up already! I have other things to do."

Moaning in between, her face almost teary from pleasure, she said out loud, "Yuanfen, what do you want? Go away now, come later!"

Mm~

Suddenly, an angry Wei Yuanfen banged the door open and the hinges broke.

Liyue glared at her in obvious displeasure while the fuming woman stopped stunned in her tracks. Han Li slowed down his thrusts and looked at his disciple with annoyance.

"You don't sleep with me for one thing but you won't allow me to have my time either?" he asked.

Wei Yuanfen blushed red, her face becoming scarlet as she stumbled a step back. "The monk said…I… I will leave and come back later!" Liyue moved her hand in irritation and caught a pillow by the side, accurately, she threw it at Wei Yuanfen and it slammed right into the embarrassed woman's face.

"A NO means a NO!" Liyue said angrily. "You ruined the mood."

Wei Yuanfen was too embarrassed to talk, so she stood up and dusted her pants, making Han Li look at her curiously. Then, she looked at the naked Liyue who was under Han Li, and then at Han Li, seeing their naturalness in the position of yin and yang, she cursed under her breath and turned around.

Before leaving, though, she threw the pillow right at Han Li's face, which he quickly ducked to avoid. As the pillow hit the wall and slid down on the bed, the door was slammed shut and an embarrassed Wei Yuanfen ran away.

Han Li looked at Liyue, who still appeared irritated. He kissed her forehead first, then asked, "Why are you so mad? Poor girl, she must have felt like digging a hole and jumping into it."

"Humph," Liyue snorted. "We are friends and all but there is a limit, you know? She is always like that. There is almost no boundary to her… like she is so insensitive to such things. I like her as one of my junior sister disciples but ruining OUR time is a bit overboard."

Han Li felt himself release inside her and he slipped out.

Then, he fell on the side of her bed and looked at the ceiling.

Liyue sighed, their session was interrupted and ruined, she pouted.

"Seriously, I am going to beat her up in the next training session. Black and blues," She said, showing her dissatisfaction with both Yuanfen and Han Li.

Why was he bailing out so quickly?

It's not like he lacked stamina or something, he just didn't want to do it!

Smiling, Han Li caught her hand and made her fall on his chest. Liyue poutingly wrapped her hand around him. He said, "You don't know her, Liyue. She is struggling, far more than you could imagine."

Liyue grew a bit confused and she thought for a second. If her Brother Han said something, it certainly must have a reason. She then said dubiously, "This event aside, I don't really like that woman's attitude in some areas—she is far too indifferent under her caring guise."

He gently squeezed Liyue's butt. Then sighed, "Indeed, you noticed her indifference."

"Of course, I noticed," Liyue grumbled. "I was first creeped out thinking whether she had some kind of deviant interests. Like loving other women instead of men or similar issues… just think of it Big Brother, you look so stunningly handsome and her eyes don't linger on you for even a second more than necessary. She looks at you and everyone else with just the same level of value.

Apathetically, even."

Han Li nodded. "Continue," he said.

Liyue was even more confused. "Wei Yuanfen is not bad, in fact, I feel much more secure around her than Hua Yu or Hua Feilan. I have a feeling Hua Feilan would join the harem one day or other, after all, the way she looks at you… I know that kind of eyes. It's skeptical and hesitant but as your disciple, she does have some feelings for you."

"It's inevitable…" Han Li chuckled. "She has been my disciple for more than a year now, she certainly would have some levels of feelings for me, but most of it is respect. She is not that shallow—like YOU were when you met me. That… is a woman with a story."

Liyue nodded. "But look at Wei Yuanfen, she is not at all interested in you or...anyone. She is like a log of wood, unfeeling and uncaring. It almost seems like she is deliberately playing us all to get what she wants. Her cheer and everything, just a big mask. I am almost scared of her deep down—Big Brother, I really don't even want to talk about it like this."

"Liyue, it is the opposite." Her man sighed. "I didn't tell you but there is something… she wishes to fall in love with me more than anyone, for all words' sake, even YOU didn't really wish to fall in love with me like she does. She wants to, she wants to fall in love, she desperately does."

"Why?" she was skeptical and rather in disbelief.

"She has the Love Spark and when she Evolves, the more she loves someone, the more Dao Crystals she can generate. Like I gain Dao Crystals by sex and lust. She wants to fall in love—as it would aid her in cultivation. She wants to cultivate higher because she has a dead mother who she wishes to revive.

"That woman has a hard time feeling emotional. In fact, in her opinion, she is a walking… dead person. She is just, as you said, wearing the mask of cheerfulness and walking around in that manner, everything is in black and white for her. Poor girl, she is what you can call someone who is broken, someone who is trying to fix themselves."

A long silence.

Stunned and speechless, Liyue punched his chest.

"Why are you only telling it to me now? I have been…" she paled slightly. "Argg, hell Big Brother, you should have told me… sooner."

"Why?" Han Li asked, frowning.

"… I always bully her in passive aggression when you are not around. I am so sorry…"

She bit her lips.

Han Li was speechless.

"Why? I always see you being generous to her with your advice in training her. You are as much her master as I am, Liyue."

Liyue bit his shoulder powerfully, feeling the guilt rise.

"I thought she was fooling you and you didn't notice. I… I didn't do anything overboard, just telling her off or ignoring her. Just that. I also faintly… mocked her indifference and masks many times. I even… argh, I even told Mother Yue to be wary of her."

Liyue was on the verge of tears and her mind was being overflowed by guilt.

Wei Yuanfen was genuinely trying yet she had shown her the cold shoulder many, many times. Even her mother Li Yao didn't see the woman in a good light, because of her, even though she didn't act on it—unlike herself.

Now that she thought of it, Yuanfen had always come to see her with a smile but today, she had something urgent to say.

She quickly sat up and began dressing up in a hurry, she had to see her and speak to her!

Han Li laid on her bed smilingly and as she wore her panties, kicked her butt.

She almost fell over but she glared at him, "It's all because you didn't warn me Big Brother, no massages, no heads, and nothing for you today!"

Han Li chuckled. "I have your mother. And don't worry, she is a strong girl."

Liyue quickly got dressed and walked out of the room with rapid steps, then, she stopped as she saw the sight of Wei Yuanfen, sitting on the veranda with a blank gaze. Her footsteps paused and halfway through, she turned around and ran back into the room. She shut the door behind her.

Breathing heavily, she looked at Han Li who was looking at her amusingly.

"Tell me how to heal her heart!" she asked.

"I am no miracle daughter, my love."

"You made me more confident like it was no one's deal. I could now go stand in front of a king and ask for his throne, YOU did that to me. Heal her too."

Han Li beckoned her and she obediently walked closer. Seeing his secretive face, she leaned her ear near him and he muttered, "I am not ignoring her, I am giving her time. If you want to heal someone that desperately, heal me, I too just can't feel for people I don't care about."

She was stunned and looked at him intensely.

"Don't tell me… you don't care about me?"

Just as the dream reached there, the world around her grew hazy. Liyue's gaze came to herself. She was stunned. Where was she?

What had she been doing?

She tried to take deep breaths but then they all felt shallow. She looked around; she was in darkness. Immediately, one of her Brother Han's many teachings echoed in her mind—Lucid Dreams.

Dreams where the dreamer is lucid, where the dreamer can lead the dreams.

She exhaled.

Was Lucid Dreams supposed to happen in Breakthrough Dreams?

Then, she looked around herself and immediately, her surroundings shifted.

She was now in another room, a prayer hall where monks sat in prayer.

"It's three years ago." She thought. Then she frowned heavily as she began walking.

She then paused, seeing a woman sit in boredom to the side—herself.

Gulping, she looked at everything and realized, "I am outside the dream now."

She was outside the dream and around her, everything seemed to be happening.

This was her Breakthrough Dream, a process that happens after every Breakthrough for a Cultivator. This process had led many cultivators to suicide before because they couldn't handle their own memories. This COULD be a deadly process.

Yet, here she was…

Lucid.

She walked out of the room in a bit of eery fear.

The clouds outside were dark and ominous, rain was falling in relentless sheets. She remembered this day three years ago. Storm-filled, rainy, and filled with the mumbling sounds of monks.

It had been an ordinary day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202 - 202: Round
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This was her Breakthrough Dream, a process that happens after every Breakthrough for a Cultivator. This process had led many cultivators to suicide before because they couldn't handle their own memories. This COULD be a deadly process.

Yet, here she was… Lucid.

Liyue walked out of the room in eery, cold fear.

She was walking in the Dream World.

The clouds outside the temple hall were dark and ominous, rain was falling in relentless sheets.

She remembered this day three years ago—storm-filled, rainy, and filled with the mumbling sounds of monks. It had been an ordinary day.

With quick steps, she walked to another room and found Mother Yue Li and Brother Han, they were flirting with each other while watching Wei Yuanfen train.

Mother Yue seemed as innocent as ever; trapped in his tight embrace, she was working hard to move out and train Wei Yuanfen like a cool master but Han Li's hand was too powerful, and no matter how many sweet words she said or not, she couldn't move out of the vice grip.

A slight smile graced Liyue's lips at the nostalgic scenery.

'3 years hadn't changed much,' she thought.

Then, she looked at Wei Yuanfen and this entire situation suddenly made Liyue pause. Dreams… they had rules of their own. In dreams, things that you didn't know of wouldn't happen. Even every person you had ever seen in your dreams would be someone you had passed by in real life.

A dream was made up of one's own experiences. She had heard about this scene before but she had never seen it happen in real time. She walked closer and Han Li's words grew clearer. "Yuanfen, the first thing one does in training is choosing a weapon. What weapon do you want to wield?"

'Wei Yuanfen's weapon choosing,' Liyue contemplated and tried touching Han Li but her hands passed through him like a mirage. She watched silently.

In the end, after trying many different weapons, Yuanfen ended up with a stick. It was not the spear but a stick—a Rod. It was 3 meters long and extremely powerful. Even though it lacked a spear's edge, Han Li's teachings made it every bit dangerous.

Why was this in her dreams?

Liyue thought, looking at her palm. It was a beautiful palm, she knew it was. The callouses faintly visible on her fingertips were even more beautiful, it was no longer clear in sight but it had been clear, it was the manifestation of her diligence in the art of spear. She clenched her hand. "It is said that only things affecting oneself happen in Breakthrough Dreams. So this event affected me?

Unknowingly?"

She remembered. Indeed, she had been a bit jealous when Wei Yuanfen was given a weapon. Due to not knowing the truth behind the girl's indifference to love, she had put a barrier between her. But that was long ago, after knowing the truth, she had apologized.

She and Yuanfen had a friendship between them that Liyue was proud of. She walked again and the surroundings shifted once more. It was another day. In the Grand Temple Hall.

First of all, she focused on herself in the Dream—That Liyue was biting her nails and looking at the events with nervousness. Fear.

She then looked at the center of the room. Han Li was there, Hua Yu was there, Monk Hen Shin was there… and so was Mother Yue. In Mother Yue's lap sat a white-haired girl of stunning beauty with a dazed gaze.

Only in Yue Li's lap was she not nervous, outside of her lap, Ruo would panic. Han Li was trying to feed her something but she refused to do that after a while, and after much soothing from Yue Li, she ate the resource.

Her body became bloody very quickly and she cried, even Han Li's eyes, which she had never seen being anything other than calm were shaking.

There was so much emotion, so much guilt, his trembling hands, his pale face. He was almost… Liyue shook her head. After eating the fruit, Ruo was healed. Her body slowly rebuilt itself and she had no worries of the Fang Clan killing the other Gu from there on.

Liyue smiled, for this girl, she had nothing but admiration. Heartache. She was such a pure thing. After the girl was healed, the entirety of the monastery celebrated and she was fed a bunch of sweet things.

Even she herself had forced Ruo to eat some sweet things and the girl had slowly come around. Only Han Li had never fed her anything.

The scene shifted.

It was in her bedroom.

Two days after the Ruo incident.

Han Li was melancholic, he drank a lot that day. He had become so drunk and he had cried so much, he had even entered the room believing Liyue was his mother. Liyue immediately sighed, "Big Brother, Ruo's event did hurt you a lot."

He fell on the side of the bed and leaned against it, he laughed. "It did hurt but it is a good sort of pain. Guilt, Mom. Guilt. I do have a lot of that simmering within me. Indeed, to Ruo, I don't even deserve her forgiveness.

I didn't even feed her today."

Liyue frowned and carried him to the bed. Han Li seemed like he wanted to talk more but she put her palm on his mouth, closing it. "Keep your secrets to yourself, tell me if you ever feel like it when you are sober."

"Mom?" he asked blurrily, pushing her palm aside, then added, "I don't know Mom, someone is scheming against me, I tried marrying Liyue for the second time and it failed. First, I failed because of the fucking Heaven Rising, now I have failed once more. I even think that the Heaven Rising happened sooner than expected because I tried to marry her. Someone is scheming, or something is scheming.

Something is wrong."

Liyue wanted to hear more about that but she pushed him down on the bed, "Why did you drink so much? What did you even drink Big Brother?" She wanted to get a blanket but she couldn't, he wrapped her hand around her.

"Magic Resource alcohol!" Han Li said dreamily. "It was useful for cultivation. I'd gain a bunch of Dao Crystals because I am unrestrainedly lustful now. Let me have sex! A lot!"

"Okay, Okay!" Liyue struggled to sleep above him comfortably. "So what is scheming against us anyway?"

Han Li kissed her. She could only comply and even she felt as if she was in a fugue state after kissing him. It was indeed a powerful drug. "Something is. It's… I don't know!"

"So you don't want to marry her?" Liyue felt guilty for asking the question when he was like this but her mouth spoke before she could help it.

Suddenly, Han Li's tone changed, much more melancholic. "I care enough about her to not let her be disappointed, of course, I'd marry her. I became a True demon from an unrighteous cold Demon because I had had enough of running away from my own emotions…"

Then, his eyes closed and he fell asleep.

That was the most vulnerable she had ever seen Han Li. He was not one to be that reckless—only later that day did she learn that it was because of an experiment, that Han Li had to do this.

He had been researching Beasts and a particular Snake Beast equal to Evolved in strength had appeared in a nearby forest. He had subdued it after a fight but it had some kind of weird poison that spread through the air and he had ended up sniffing it. It was deadly.

When he knew he was poisoned, it was too late and he didn't want to lose the Life Type Magical Resources, which she knew he had, for it.

He had killed the snake and there was no better antidote than the snake's own Beast Core but the poison was already too entrenched in his flesh by the time he noticed before the antidote took effect, he'd die, so he had used a recipe he knew and created the alcohol. The alcohol would make him absurdly drugged but it was worth taking the risk not to lose a Life Type Resource.

He had wanted to walk away from the temple till he grew sober but what happened was the opposite luckily, he didn't go to Monk Hen Shin and came to Liyue instead. From then on, Han Li always brought Hua Yu with him when he did anything dangerous.

She smiled at the sight of the dream. It was the first time she had seen Han Li's vulnerable side and honestly speaking, she didn't want to see it again. He was better off being the invincible Big Brother.

Not that she would hesitate to provide it if he wanted a shoulder to cry on.

Again, the memories started to shift with no order.

She walked from one part of her life to the other.

Walking through, she saw Ruo smiling for the first time. All of them, Liyue, Yuanfen, Li Yao, Yue Li, and even Hua Feilan had teared up at the sight. Only Han Li and Hua Yu watched from the side, silent.

She saw how her mother Li Yao had been forced to become a Monk by Han Li. She wore Monk Robes but never cut her hair, she still drank alcohol, and she still had sex with Han Li oftentimes.

She no longer kept their relationship a secret and she had been given a bow and many arrows by Han Li to train with. She was, surprisingly, being taught in a long-range weapon.

Hua Feilan had joined Han Li's tutelage too. The training was fun but the woman seemed to have a story, as Big Brother had once said. She was not just a figure who could be named with a single term "Friend of All Woman." There was a painful story as to how that came to be.

Nobody knew it and nobody asked. Hua Yu knew it but she was the most alien one in their entire family. Even in the last three years, she had rarely ever talked to her.

Liyue witnessed everything once more. She saw her own faults. How she had been so scared of everything and anything. How she had been forced to sing in a Monk Festival by her Big Brother.

That was still a bit… embarrassing.

She wasn't too good at singing.

Then she saw Ruo speaking for the first time. It was to Han Li—she had asked him to make her a Honey Candy.

It was something he no longer had but he bought the materials from Monk Hen Shin and made Ruo a handful of them. That day, Han Li told her something that she still remembered, "Ruo is such a genius. She could see I was guilty of approaching her and she didn't want that, she wanted me to act like everybody else."

He had been happy that day. She had kicked his butt for not feeling happy for her like that but of course, he had dodged and thrown her into an icy pond. She laughed at the sight.

2 years since their arrival here when Ruo turned 16, they held a birthday party and the Ruo then was a different person. She still didn't talk much, she was a very silent person but her eyes had a shine to them. She was being taught in the monastery and the monks were all her teachers.

She even had friends her own age—subordinates would be a better term but still, she was a small sensation around the monastery.

There was a small incident of Han Li confessing to her but she didn't know what had happened on that front. She had forgotten to ask.

Liyue chuckled. "Among us, Ruo is the second-most luckiest after Mother Yue."

She walked again and her dreams shifted once more. It was the Southern Lust City, she was just three or four years old and she was outside her home.

Ice had accumulated in the city ground, kids were already making snowmen in some areas. She took the ice and made a little snowman. Liyue looked at her childish self and couldn't help but smile. She had been a loner since her youth.

Suddenly, she frowned. Liyue dug into the ice on the ground, her little palms red. Then suddenly, something like a dark ball grew visible underneath the ice. Startled and fearful, she touched it.

Everything vanished.

The dream vanished.

Darkness returned.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203 - 203: Deeper Heart than the worth of the man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I love Ruo," Han Li said out loud, his face adorned with a chagrined smile.

He touched the Feather of Feelings.

The feelings were akin to icy tendrils, the emotions deep enough that the other man felt as if he was frozen in the abyss until blood oozed from the side of his lips and he stumbled back. Stunned was an understatement.

He was feeling fear.

"The emotions he has for the young woman are filled with guilt and an intense sense of protection, I can't even..." The man coughed blood again. "I can't even come close to grasp its depth. The guilt is so simmering I'd be washed in bitterness if I touched it. This youth, what is he? Can kids in their twenties even feel such intense feelings for others?"

The questioner's gaze had changed. Now, his eyes held an irrepressible fear and respect as he once again showed Han Li the feather.

Han Li looked at him mockingly, amusingly even. Meanwhile, on the side, Monk Hen Shin had a solemn expression.

His claim saying Han Li could only feel emotions for Yue Li had already lost any meaning it held. Han Li could well and truly feel emotions for people other than Yue Li but it was only one person, Ruo.

What about the others?

Was he really not using Shan Liyue and the others for his purposes? Was it not all just mirrors and smoke he uses?

And can those fake feelings be used to turn Han Li into a righteous person? Can he be transformed from this unrighteous, filthy, demonic path?

Han Li was not a person who should walk such a worthless path!

There was no reason for him to walk that path. It was walked by people with zero potential, zero capabilities to their name, and an overall meaningless existence. Who was Han Li?

He was talented. He was handsome. He had people to be cared for.

Why should he walk the Demonic Path?

Once he became a Power Born, he could become a righteous overlord and people would give him anything he so desired. Becoming a Demon was not of any good to him rather than a bad and heinous disadvantage.

His reputation was already stained by the demonic after Li Shuanwei spread Han Li's name as one of the… villain's. Han Li had been clearly and unquestionably named a Demon—the cause of all the troubles in the Starlight City before he left.

Now, he had two choices: either become a Demon whole-throughout and shamelessly move on in his path without caring for anyone's opinions, or become a righteous man in name and heart whom someone like Monk Hen Shin approves—nobody would question his sincerity then.

He would become an enemy to the 4 sects and people might come to kill him otherwise. He was safe now but once his face started to circulate, with a bad reputation and a target on his head, he would be in trouble—at least, as an Evolved that is.

Becoming a Demon was clearly counterproductive. Hen Shin wished he wouldn't be obnoxious and would allow the indoctrination of some basic morality into him. This Feather of Feelings could do that and it had made even the worst demons into forthcoming people before by giving them some basic moral values… forcefully.

Just that the user of the Feather must have a deeper feeling than the opponent for it to work. The current user was a prisoner—after using it, the prisoner would lose his sense of morality himself. Using the feather had a deep fault in that it would also corrupt its user with Monk beliefs.

The user was already a Monk of the Demon Restraining Temple, named the Feather Monk, so there was no issue.

The Feather Monk took a deep breath as Han Li's palm touched the Feather once again. All of Han Li's past thoughts had been more or less immediately dwarfing, in front of all of those emotions, he felt like a firefly against the sun but this one felt smaller but somehow, the more he stood inside this emotion, the more the monk felt as if he would be devoured soon.

"When you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes back at you," Han Li commented with a smirk. "He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster himself."

With a pale and terror-stricken face, the Feather monk stumbled back. This time, he didn't cough blood. He was just genuinely terrorized. Indeed, the feeling he had was like looking into an untamed abyss.

"What…" He squeaked. "What kind of emotion is that for what?"

Han Li offhandedly asked, "To Life. It is my love towards life, I love life but in the end, I understand it is hollow. I love the hollowness of life. I like the meaninglessness but I don't want to be meaningless, I want to be more than that… I want to be an Immortal. I want to control life and death.

"For I think that the only meaning in life is to enjoy the passage of time. Yet, it is but my curiosity, what if I can control it and live for all time, you see, with my loved ones?"

The Feather Monk trembled in disbelief. He had never been so disgruntled with a mere Evolved. Was wanting to merely live the way one wished Evil?

Was Monk Hen Shin misunderstanding this kid Han Li for a Demon?

He obviously was a straightforward loving individual!

This ambition!

This was an extraordinary man!

Such people brought change to lands and good ones at that.

Regardless, the feather had a reason to exist, it was to give others morals. He shall do that!

Once again, Han Li's fist gently wrapped around the feather. The temple steps fell quiet as another, more unfamiliar emotions began to emanate from the feather and enter the monk's mind. Would he be finally able to surpass Han Li's defenses over his psyche?

From Han Li's embrace, Liyue's eyes fluttered open and she absentmindedly gazed at Han Li. What had happened in her Breakthrough Dream?

What was that dark orb that she saw at the end?

The Feather Monk's constant frown suddenly eased. His brows became unfurrowed. He became a sort of meditative calm.

This particular feeling from Han Li was like a young flower. It was vibrant. It felt as if he had walked away from the lands of bloodshed and everything to a young paradise. This was a long stretch of land filled with faint smells of laughter—if that made any sense.

This was a particularly long session of emotional resonance before the Feather Monk woke up, as if from a daze. Opening his eyes, tears leaked down them, his heartbeat had become extremely filled with melancholy. The monk cried with genuine sadness.

"Who is this Liyue woman?" He asked, almost croaked.

Liyue was alarmed. She raise her hand from Han Li's lap, saying, "It's me. Who the hell are you?"

The monk looked at her. "This is like I am looking into a garden of infinity. It is just born, fresh and young and it hadn't had the time to bloom but for an ignorant and useless Monk like me, this feeling is like an enormous gorge.

"This person in itself has a heart deep enough that other people's most intense love feels like a snowflake to his obsessions. He doesn't love for no reason but if he does, it is a well so deep… a million would drown in the fire before someone could see it doused."

"No matter how long I try, there is no breaking or destroying those feelings. It had been born and it had stabilized, there is only a raise to it, no fall."

"What… are you talking about?" Liyue was obviously clueless.

Sitting on his lap was obviously disrespectful, she walked out and looked at them with a frown. Yet, his rap around her waist was obvious and his eyes were obviously amused rather than clueless.

Han Li's amusement was obvious. Of course, even if a 500-year-old person wanted to act to themselves that they love someone, it would be shallow. Love was hard to be born and it was harder for it to become a fire in the heart. In his own words, he would put his own love for Liyue as shallow but for them, it would be deeper than the biggest well they had seen.

They hadn't seen the depth of human feelings.

He knew he liked Liyue. He loved her in fact.

He had decided to love her when he became a True Demon after facing a person with similar looks to himself—using that mirror left behind by the Spirit years ago. It was a budding affection and in some more years, it would probably become intense.

"Now your issue is solved, right?" Han Li asked, his slightly irritant gaze focusing on Liyue's. "You were the only one among all of you who always complained I don't love you enough. Here, proof for you that I indeed do love you.

Let me tell you, this bastard monk with the feather had been trying so hard to get one emotion out of me that is more shallow than himself in ANY department so that he could make me a 'good person' by using Magic. It revealed that my love for you is deeper than him as a person in all factors. Happy?"

There was no reason to play by their rules anymore.

Liyue's gaze snapped towards the Feather Monk and she seemed to spit fire. Her beautiful face almost contorted in anger. Her brownish-black eyes almost seemed golden as she looked at them.

Han Li smilingly added a bit of his Heart Qi to induce fear in the Feather Monk. He could focus on who he made afraid now.

Like a shivering kitten, the monk felt his heart… stop.

Han Li immediately laughed as the connection with that monk and the whole process of communication Hen Shin used broke down, and the Feather Monk vanished.

He rose to his foot and then took Liyue into a princess carry. "It's time for celebrations, my Liyue has become an Evolved!" he said. Proud.

But her gaze was not on him, nor was she looking into her Empty Space, she was glaring at Monk Hen Shin and the man was uncomfortably squirming under her gaze—he didn't even know Han Li had him figured out… till now. Shame became a bitter potion.

Yet, she didn't say anything.

Just that her glare became intensely unfriendly the more she looked.

Han Li walked up the temple steps, his steps airy, and passed by the monk, from the side, he recited a poem in his passing:

Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and right-doing, there is a field. I'll meet you there.

"A poem by a poet named Rumi. I'd say, it fits well for you, Hen Shin."

"..."

Even after he walked up to the cobblestoned temple grounds and vanished into the temple, the Monk was silent and Liyue's gaze was spitting venomous hatred.

Yet, Han Li was calm and collected, almost refreshed. Even teasing Liyue as he went.

He had been promised that Hen Shin's teleportation this year would be given to him, after all.

That was nice to have.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204 - 204: Darkness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Darkness had never been so scary. It was like howling shadows looming over in all directions surrounding her—like a blanket of ominous fear. The more time passed, the more awful and dangerous it felt.

'I would soon probably vanish and mix into the darkness…' Liyue thought restlessly.

She had already ended her Breakthrough Dream, but why was it still going on?

Why was it that she felt as if everything was just wrong?

She tried to move in the darkness, but she didn't know where to go.

There was nowhere to go!

She felt more uncomfortable by the passing second. She was in this darkness, but due to some weird reason, she could still sense her own body. She could feel the familiar hands of Han Li behind her thighs and back, carrying her in a princess carry.

Her mind was going crazy with fear!

Suddenly, she heard Han Li speak from outside the darkness.

"You were the only one among all of you who always complained I don't love you enough. Here. Proof for you that I indeed do love you. Let me tell you, this bastard monk with the feather…" It faded.

She felt her panic rising, and she could now feel her body more vividly. It was moving, it was glaring. After a while of speaking with the monk and with a remark, Han Li left the Temple Steps and walked up. On the way, he flirted with her like usual.

"Liyue, how do you feel after Evolving? Think you can take more of me at night?"

"Tsk, Tsk, Big Brother, you only think of that!" 'Liyue' retorted playfully, hugging his neck and looking into his eyes. He was obviously dazed at her—she hadn't grown more beautiful, but the aura around her, the sense of confidence, was startling.

She felt like an Empress.

From the darkness, she echoed in pain, "Big Brother, that's not me!"

They arrived in a room, 'Liyue' asked, "What are you going to do? No celebrations for your dear Liyue Evolving successfully?"

Han Li kissed her lips.

"Of course, there are going to be celebrations. But before that, get comfortable with everything. Check your Empty Space and see your Dao Soul—you no longer have a Spark but an actual Dao Soul—You can even try using Magic Powers. I'll give you a neutral Dao Crystal if you want to try one."

"Ah, I don't want to do it now; that's too much of a waste, Big Brother…" Liyue kissed him back. "I'll accumulate my Dao Crystals myself, and I don't have any Magic Powers of the Starlight Dao…"

"Don't worry about that," Han Li smirked. "I know 3 of them, and the Starlight Family should have more Magic Powers of the Starlight Dao, too. I'll try bargaining with them using that Monk. He seems guilty that he tried to play the trick on me. He can be used."

'Liyue' furrowed her brows in anger. "Untrustworthy, obstinate assholes!" she said, hatred evident in her gaze. "They seem so high and mighty all the time, but they are all crooks. I hate them now… Big Brother, let's move out into the mountains."

"Yeah, someday. But now, you check yourself entirely, meditate, and see the difference."

Inside the darkness, she could feel the sensation of Han Li lying on her lap and soothing her into meditation using one of his Magic Powers. Everything except sight was so vivid, but she was not the one controlling her own body.

With a painful gaze, she tried to look at herself. Was she the Dao Soul now?

No. She wasn't a naive, unlearned woman.

She was Han Li's proud student.

Dao Souls were not like this.

Her hands were transparent. Her existence itself was transparent here.

Existence.

This was… her Existence.

Liyue gulped nervously.

This was her true self. Soul of the soul. True Soul. It was an instinctive answer—She was currently her true Existence.

People have always been searching for this. Dao Souls were just ways to communicate with Heaven, not the Soul in a true way, but this was it… her Existence.

Beyond all forms, the 'True Self'.

Fear gripped her. She had uncovered a great mystery that even Brother Han himself would be intrigued about, but what was the use? Her Existence was in this Darkness… then who was it that was emulating her?

Controlling her?

A huge shadow cast over her. Her heart almost burst with fear.

….

'Liyue' caressed Han Li's hair. Then said lovingly, "You know? I just completed my meditation. Now all we have to do is go celebrate; you better do something amazing for me to remember in my next Breakthrough Dream, Big Brother."

Han Li grew ponderous.

"What do you want?"

"I don't know… a baby, perhaps?"

"No." Han Li vehemently shook his head. She had asked him this question before, and he considered it more of a flirt than an actual wish. "That's out of the question until you become a Transcendent, at the very least. Ask for something else."

"Tsk," She twirled his hair around her fingers and looked at him menacingly. With a cold gaze, she put her hands into his pants and powerfully squeezed his dick with her hand. "Should I pop it?"

Han Li chuckled, finding her expression cute. "That might be my weak spot when those fair hands touch me, but when I am weak, I grow harder, not softer. You can't 'pop' it even if you want to. You are too weak for that."

She chuckled, beginning to stroke it for him. "So what do you plan to make this celebration to be? I know our mothers would be ecstatic if they knew I succeeded."

"Of course," Han Li smirked. "Bet Yuanfen has something surprise prepared for you. Ah, I envy you, Liyue. I never had these Best Friends."

'Liyue' put two fingers on Han Li's nose, closing it and making him breathless.

He waited for her to let go, and when she saw him becoming slightly uncomfortable after a long time, she released it. "I am  your Best Friend. I am your wife, and I am your fiance, too. That's enough. Heh, I'll give you surprises when you break through too."

Suddenly, 'Liyue' frowned slightly.

Han Li asked, noticing her frown, "What happened?"

She shook her head. "Nothing, just a thorn stuck in my throat after I ate fish yesterday."

Han Li closed his eyes. Relaxed.

"That emotion reading stuff made me a bit drowsy; give me an hour of sleep like this, and we'll go out. Meditate in that time, get a better grip over yourself."

She nodded and leaned down to kiss him.

He kissed her and then slowly went to sleep, her hands still stroking him. When he didn't want to grow lustful, he never did—he was good at that.

Her eyes changed slightly before she closed it. Patience. Patience is all that she needed now.

….

Inside her Empty Space, a Starlight Minor Dao Soul stood mightily. A golden white apparition. It passively collected the energy in the surroundings and turned them into Dao Crystals. She would pay the Crystals to the Heavens to use its Magic Powers.

"Starlight Dao… huh…" She thought. Then she looked around for the true Liyue's Existence. It should have been here—it would normally be incapable of leaving the Empty Space.

Where had Liyue's Existence gone?

She could feel that it was still alive—if the host's Existence died before the complete Takeover and getting possessed by her, she would be forcefully pushed out of the body.

It wouldn't be a bad thing in other Worlds but in the Seven Continents, the Heavens always tried to Devour the consciousness if it came out of the body.

Just like how it did while in the process of Evolving. She would have to quickly possess another body if that were so, and her Existence has weakened far too much for that to be possible anymore.

Then where was Liyue's Existence?

She had seen it earlier and suppressed it with fear using her Heart Qi.

"Pest," she muttered and furrowed her transparent eyebrows—she herself was an Existence now. She waved her hands.

Shards of mirrors appeared around her, and each shard showed a different image. Outside the body, Han Li was sleeping on her lap, occasionally fondling her butt or just hugging her waist in relaxation.

She looked at it impassively before turning to another sight; it was in a more distant place. A white-haired woman was playing there along with Yue Li, Hua Feilan, and Li Yao.

They were using a ball made of threads to throw at each other and talking about Liyue.

She frowned—she had first planned to possess that white-haired girl, but the girl's Existence had been crazily strong; it was almost as if she was looking at a Beast Emperor rather than a young, uncultivated girl.

Then Yue Li… that woman was the most worrying.

A golden shadow loomed over her existence; it was heart-rending, peaceful yet corroding—it almost felt as if she was standing before something beyond Sacred when she looked at the woman's existence. She shouldn't loo—

Yue Li gazed back at her with a frown.

Her nonexistent heart skipped a beat before she cut the mirror, reflecting them down.

Hua Feilan was a true Evolved, and it was impossible for Evolved to be possessed by a weak Existence like her own, and Li Yao was worthless since she didn't even have a Spark. Liyue had been the best choice among the mix to possess.

She would be the most vulnerable while having her Breakthrough Dream, too.

Success had been easy.

What was it now? Where was her Existence then?

Without devouring the true Liyue's Existence, she couldn't even use the Starlight Dao Soul!

Han Li would grow… wary.

"Oh, young girl, wherever you hide, it is no use!" She said eerily. "Just think of it, I may not be able to kill Han Li, but I'll gently move toward your mother, Li Yao, and then a knife in the heart. Ahh… just think of it: how betrayed would she feel as life left her?

"Then I will move to Ruo and kill her, too. The tender thing would surely scream and believe me or not, your Big Brother Han would be nothing more than a lifeless living after that—he cares far more about her than the likes of you!"

Nobody answered her, but she only smirked.

"I will then move and kill your dear Mother Yue too…" She giggled. "Or I will concoct a poison and put it into all of your loved ones' food. Nobody would be wary of you, the loving, gentle Liyue, after all."

Nobody answered her. Her smirk grew.

"Come out, Little Liyue! Come!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205 - 205: Liyue's tribulation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liyue's Existence was in an utterly dark space, her mind full of panic.

What should she do? What should she do?

Inside her own body, her senses were extremely powerful, and even from where she was, she could sense the invader's Existence. It was a woman and a particularly striking one with a devilish countenance. Even though Existence in itself was transparent, the personality, ideals, and everything just seemed right there for sight.

She could see her.

The Invader waved her hand, and mirrors manifested around her; Liyue's gaze trembled at the sight of her family—Li Yao, Yue Li, Ruo, and Hua Feilan. They were all playing ball; she loved to play that too, and they were talking animatedly about… her. They were conversing about the surprises they could give her for her breakthrough.

Liyue's eyes filled with tears. Yet, she tried to remain calm—keeping calm had been ingrained into her by many sorts of training her Big Brother had given her, but it seemed impossible to keep calm.

But just as the intruder looked into the mirror, Yue Li frowned and looked at the gaze as if she could feel it, and Liyue's gaze also grew clear.

A golden shadow loomed over her Mother Yue's Existence; it was heart-rending, peaceful, yet corroding—it almost felt as if she was standing before something beyond mortality when she looked at her existence.

At the same time, she could see more—The golden shadow was not only on Yue Li. The shadow split out from her and covered Ruo, Li Yao, and Hua Feilan with different degrees of intensity.

Ruo had the highest amount surrounding her!

She then quickly turned to look at herself. Now, she could also see that golden light on herself. It was abundant, no lesser than Ruo in intensity. She didn't know what the Golden Shadow was, but she felt that it was something good rather than bad.

"Oh, young girl, wherever you hide, it is no use!" The invader said eerily, removing the mirror, her voice echoing with confidence. "Just think of it, Liyue. I might not be able to kill Han Li, but I'll gently move toward your mother, Li Yao, and then a knife in the heart. Ahh… just think of it: how betrayed would she feel as life left her?

"Her own daughter had killed her!

"Then I will move to Ruo and kill her, too. The tender thing would surely scream, and believe me or not, your Big Brother Han would be nothing more than a lifeless living after that—he cares far more about her than the likes of you!"

"I will then move and kill your dear Mother Yue too…" The voice giggled. "Or I will concoct a poison and put it into all of your loved ones' food. Nobody would be wary of you, the loving, gentle Liyue, after all."

Nobody answered her. Her smirk grew.

"Come out, Little Liyue! Come! Wherever you are hiding, come out! I promise you I will not hurt anyone if you are obedient."

Liyue then looked at herself once again.

Where was she hiding? She wondered.

There seemed to be at least six more places like this where she could hide inside her body. One of those six places was where… the enemy was standing.

That was her Empty Space.

Then where else was she?

Another… Empty Space… in her own body?

There were six more in her?

A total of 7?

What…

An old memory came back to her, the memory of her first marriage attempt with Han Li three years ago.

"Basically, many cruel cultivators are attacking the city, and all three clans are in a startled state. Some of even the Starlight Clan kids are in their hands, supposedly—kidnapped. And we can't enter the city now; most probably, some of the Demons are inside the city, too."

"Why are they attacking?" Liyue asked, grasping her big brother's robe. Nervous.

It was her marriage, and exactly now, the world was going mad.

Han Li thought about this question deeply for a second and then spoke out his thoughts, "Detached Empty Spaces. Have you heard of it, any three of you?"

They shook their heads.

"The Empty Space inside us is a mysterious space that holds our Sparks, Dao Souls, and everything of that sort. And when someone at the stage of Power Birth or higher dies, their Empty Spaces disintegrate into the atmosphere, while their Sparks or Sao Souls rise to the sky—in myths, they are said to one day transform into stars."

They nodded once more.

They had heard of it before.

"But there is a rare chance of an Empty Space not disintegrating after a cultivator dies, and then it transforms into a treasure. A physical orb that could actually be touched physically and used.

The Dao Soul inside it would still phase through its physical bounds and fly off into the sky once the cultivator dies, but not the Empty Space in itself—that is, if the rare instance occurred in the first place."

"What can it be used for?" Liyue asked softly, feeling him stroke her lips through her veil with his own lips. She could also feel the warmth of his breath.

Han Li smiled and spoke, "It can be absorbed to gain a hell of a lot of energy, and I can absorb it slowly over some months; even one of them would cause my cultivation speed to skyrocket for a few days. And not only that, it can be used to cook some special recipes in my hand."

Liyue came back to herself.

That wasn't the case in the end, and everything was because of the man named Li Shuanwei, but they didn't know that at that point. Yet, her Big Brother had guessed that it was from the Southern Lust City and something of that sort would happen.

She then thought of the weird dream she had had during the end of her Breakthrough Dream. As a child, she had touched some Dark Orb in the snow. Not only that, but her physique itself somehow felt unique.

The invader was growing impatient. It barked, "Your secrets won't protect you forever. This body is now mine, all your secrets too! If you die obediently, I will live as Liyue from now on without tainting your name. Your big brother won't even have to feel sad for losing the woman he loves. Just think of it!"

"You!" Liyue gritted her teeth in hatred. Whatever her conclusions had been, it was all useless to escape her circumstances. Somehow, she should find a way to tell her Big Brother that it was not herself that he was dealing with.

The faintest of hints, and he would notice.

"Who are you?" she asked.

The Invader smirked.

"I am a past Transcendent. Someone who you have no chance of tricking in mind games—the name is Munyu. Some call me the Spirit."

Liyue thought and thought, but no way came to her mind. Had she known any Magical Powers, she could have tried using those, but she did not know Magic Powers, nor were there any Dao Crystals in her hand.

Munyu was cautious, for all the arrogance she displayed. She hadn't taken any chances with the process and had chosen the best and weakest moment Liyue would be in.

"Why are you doing this?"

"To live, to grow stronger. You could see it many ways." The Spirit shrugged.

Liyue asked, much calmer, "If you let me go, I promise you I will get you another person to possess and gain a body. Just let me out. It's a promise!"

The Spirit chuckled.

"What a nice idea, but no. I would have agreed to it some time ago, but not anymore; your body is too unique. I want it!" Then, she gave a final declaration: "And I don't want people with the knowledge of the Existence to remain alive, you see. You have two choices: either die or see the people you care for die. That's it. There is no room for negotiations."

There was no one in the Seven Continents who knew of what an Existence was, and that had to remain so. Liyue hung there in the darkness, her thoughts tumultuous.

She'd rather die than let any one of her family die.

All of them were too precious!

She would never be able to live with herself if she caused Han Li grief.

Yet she didn't want to die… she hadn't had her first night, nor had she borne Han Li his child. She hadn't yet seen the limits of what the spear could achieve, nor had she had enough of her blissful life. Tears welled up in her soul.

If she entered the Empty Space where the Spirit was in, she would probably die.

Nobody would even know her sacrifice.

She didn't know what to do, and then, her soul suddenly condensed. Being in this different Empty Space for too long seemed to have done something to her, and she felt nauseous.

She wanted to vomit!

This was not supposed to be a natural thing.

Even if she tried to drag this out, she probably couldn't stay here long.

She checked all of her Empty Spaces one by one, searching for that one clue in everything.

There was no absolute. There must be a chance!

She didn't want to give up so easily!

"Promise me that you won't hurt any of them! Promise it by your Existence!" Liyue said.

The Spirit soothingly nodded.

Promising on their own Existence was something just as powerful as a Heart Qi Binding. And anyone who sensed their own Existence would know that. A person who sensed it and a person who didn't was a different breed.

"I wouldn't hurt them in any way unless they are against me and have hurt me of their own accord."

A long minute passed.

Liyue felt the passage between her Seven Empty Spaces and appeared in a blink before the Spirit. They looked at each other with blank faces.

"They would never hurt you when you are in my appearance," Liyue said.

The Spirit harrumphed, but then, Liyue shook her head, a sense of clear reluctance in her soul's eyes.

The Spirit snorted at the woman, but she didn't immediately attack.

Something was weird. She could feel a sense of oppression.

She became more cautious. The last time she tried to possess someone, she got trapped within Yang Wei and almost became one with him. She had learned from that lesson to completely break the opponent's morale before she attempted to devour the Soul.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206 - 206: The situation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Spirit snorted at the woman, but she didn't immediately attack.

Something was weird. Anxiety began to crack the Spirit's mind.

She could feel the source of the pressure on the tip of her tongue but just couldn't name it.

The last time she tried to possess someone while looking down on them, she got trapped within Yang Wei's body and almost died. She had learned from that to completely break the opponent's morale before she attempted to devour the Soul of a person.

"Tell me what I have to keep in mind living as you. I will do it for you in this lifetime; I will become a good, obedient wife for that man." The Spirit said, hiding her nervousness; her face even seemed a bit sad she had to do this to Liyue.

"They would never hurt you when you are in my appearance," Liyue said, her tone soft, wiping her eyes. "But sadly, you won't have the chance. And today, I probably will murder a sentient life for the first time."

The Spirit's face changed.

She herself had an extremely oppressive feeling the moment Liyue entered the Empty Space.

She finally got it!

It was as if she was not standing before a single Evolved but seven of them!

Liyue looked at her, and her sad bearing changed. It became contemplative, self-deprecating.

"Big Brother taught me so much and is proud of me…" She shook her head. "I am not worth it. When an actual adversity happened, I was crying my eyes out and not reacting calmly enough."

From the moment she had arrived here, Liyue had been sure of something. She had been panicking for no reason. She had been putting the Spirit on… too high a pedestal when she was on the other side.

It was afraid to attack an actual Evolved, and she had 7 of what constituted an Evolved. She was not normal, and not normal meant… good in her man's words.

She had 7 of the Empty Spaces in her body, and that should be the reason for it—her Existence was stronger than the current Spirit's punching weight. It had even been apprehensive of Hua Feilan… not to mention her.

And then calmly, ignoring the squirming Spirit, she looked at herself.

She was covered in golden shadows. Lights of golden brilliance.

When she was here, surrounded by the golden shadow around her, she felt secure. Even if she was weaker than the Spirit, she had a feeling that she wouldn't need to be worried—this light protected her.

Indeed, she was right.

Outside Liyue's body, Han Li's existence was also covered in this golden light, but his golden light was intense. Far, far more intense than anyone else. Even Ruo and Liyue's golden light would hardly compare to a glass when he was beyond a river.

The golden light around him spun in unique ways, and suddenly, he opened his eyes. He was filled with worry. Did Liyue have any issues with her Dao Soul after Evolving?

It was a worry out of nowhere.

He opened his eyes and focused on Liyue's beautiful face with Life Vision. His face immediately changed when he saw the… Unawakened Status he was all too familiar with.

Yet, it was still Liyue. Had he looked a second ago, he might have seen a different name.

The Spirt itself had started to be entwined in this golden halo now, but unlike people on their side, it was being tied down, and everything was slowly becoming more transparent in its body. Liyue calmly looked at it.

Then, she asked, "I do instinctively know how to, but I don't want to devour a living thing; why don't you leave my body?"

The Spirit was no fool. She already knew she was trapped. There was some kind of thing around these people's Existence that she seemed to lack entirely—golden shadows. She could also feel how bad a choice Shan Liyue had been to possess.

This woman was super weird!

No, everyone around here was super weird.

She coldly looked at Liyue. "Don't be too arrogant. Indeed, I had been too arrogant, thinking you would have a weak Existence, but even if yours is stronger, I have more experience. I'll take you with me if you try to kill me."

Liyue looked at her hand. Ignoring the Spirit again.

"So this Existence thing is where our memories, our Proficiency of weapons, and every such is stored?" she asked.

The Spirit grew even more apprehensive. 'I should leave!'

She would die if she stayed long outside a physical body, but her Vital Weapon—the Mirror Mind, would be able to carry her Existence for a while. She would not be greedy this time and would choose a more normal boy to start cultivation.

She had been too greedy this time!

She was too injured, and her Existence was too weakened.

She started to fade away, and Liyue didn't do anything.

Honestly, she didn't know what she could do to kill or stop the Spirit. Just that, before the woman left, she aimed a palm at her, thinking of her Spear in mind.

The woman harrumphed. "My Existence might be weaker, but my Proficiency?" The phantom of a war blade destroyed the slight phantom of a spear before it even manifested.

Yet, the Woman's face changed as six more spears appeared around her before she could react and pierced her. Even Liyue was a bit dumbfounded.

The Spirit's expression was so transparent that she was almost nonexistent as Mirrors manifested around her. She couldn't use her own powers more than that.

Liyue chuckled amusingly.

How the positions had shifted…!

"Why don't you become my pet? A chicken I am looking after has many unhatched eggs. You can enter one of them, and I will not mind."

The Spirit desperately tried to move out of Liyue's Empty Space, but somehow, the passage was not there. She tried again. It was not there.

Liyue smiled. She had just noticed that she had a passage around all seven of her Empty Spaces. She could enter any of the seven using the passage and just as easily come back. She could also close the passage.

The Spirit could only moan in her heart.

Failure!

A great failure!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207 - 207: Liyue's touch at the Existence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liyue opened her eyes groggily. It felt as if she had slept for days on end. In fact, it was only now that she woke up after her Breakthrough Dream.

Gentle evening sunlight filtered through the curtains on the side. A cool breeze lifted them away from the windows.

Feeling comfortable, she looked up and smiled widely. Han Li's red eyes were curiously looking at her; she could see the anticipation almost bursting.

She was the one on the lap now.

Liyue laughed almost unknowingly.

"What are you gawking at? Too amazed by how beautiful the woman before you is?"

Han Li smiled. "Maybe. You have indeed become dangerously beautiful. Alarmingly so."

Her sword-like eyebrows danced. She was in a good mood even though her heartbeat was basically drumming with adrenaline. It was the first time she had met death to the face, and it had ended up quite nice.

She wanted to hold the secret back for a while before saying it, but her mouth just couldn't stop. "Big Brother, you guys already lost in giving me surprises today! Someone gave me something truly wondrous."

Han Li squinted, and she sat up in a quick motion. Then, she sat on his lap, her face facing him from slightly above him, and her legs wrapped around his waist.

He wrapped his own hand around her waist.

"Guess who is in a good mood," he commented.

She hugged his face tightly, and he was a bit disoriented as she continued to throw kisses at him from all sides. "I have so much to say I don't even know where to begin!"

Han Li pulled out his head from her tight embrace and looked at her curiously. He had a guess but he decided not to be a buzzkill.

"Oh, enlighten this humble husband."

"First of all, this Miss Liyue has officially found out the reason for our marriage failures!"

Han Li furrowed his brows. That was completely out of his expectations.

"What do you mean?" he asked, much more solemn.

She was still smiling. "It's our Mother. She is the reason for our marriage failures! All because of Mother Yue."

Han Li's face was a funny sight.

Liyue didn't know whether to laugh or just hug him more tightly. Before that, she asked, "Big Brother, do you know this… Spirit? Munyu?"

That made Han Li's face change. "Where did you hear it?"

"Answer me first; mine's a longer story."

"The Spirit is the expert I told you about once. Remember that Yang Wei I dueled? She was the creature that resided inside him. That was the Spirit. Munyu was her name."

"Expert…" Liyue almost had a condescending smile on her face. "Did you kill her too?"

"Probably. I've told you about this before, but yes, it shouldn't be a threat to us… Where are you headed with this?"

"I've told you something before, right?"

"You've told me many things before."

"I said 'That I would beat you in a fight.' Do you want me to show you something?"

The room grew silent except for the flying curtains and the breeze. They were seated on the bed, their shadows hanging on the walls. Han Li pushed her down and looked at her stunning face lying in the bed.

"Who taught you to be so roundabout? Go straight to where you are headed. So irritating!"

Liyue nodded and gave him a light hit on his back.

He had been completely unprepared, and suddenly, he felt his world spin; it was as if her touch had moved beyond his physique and touched him right at the soul.

When he opened his eyes, Liyue was proudly seated above his stomach with two legs on each of his sides. Her brown monk robes, added to the warm sunlight on her face, almost made him dazed.

Her long and wavy black hair was flying in the breeze.

"That was…" He asked, his face full of disbelief. She had just lightly touched him, and he felt as if he had been rammed by some powerful club—painless as it was.

What was going on?

This… This…

"Tsk, tsk," She leaned down and planted a kiss on his dumbfounded lips. Then, drew back, patting his cheeks. "Only brawns and no brains, such a disappointment. And you hadn't seen half of what I am capable of."

Han Li blurted out, "What are you capable of? How does this work..."

She drew a line from his forehead to his nose with her fingers.

"Do you trust me?"

Han Li was peeved.

"I would normally… but I don't trust you now. Truly speaking… I am kind of scared right now. Did that Spirit come back to life and do something to you?"

Liyue was speechless. She showed her palm, baring her cute claws.

"I'll use my power again if you don't trust me!"

"How dare you threaten me!" He flipped her on the bed, slamming both of her hands against the bed and completely trapping her beneath him. Even her legs were completely immobilized. "Use the power now? Heh, you are still too weak!"

Liyue smirked. "Not too sure about that. I don't need to use my hand to use the power. You are strong. Far stronger than me but in the one aspect I am strong at, you are weak."

Her Existence flared in her eyes, seeing right into Han Li's powerful, gold-tinted Existence. She sent a wave of shock from her Existence to Han Li through the hand by which he was locking her own hands.

Once again, Han Li was disoriented, and when he opened his eyes, Liyue was on his stomach, her gaze condescending and playful.

Then, she grew slightly serious, thinking, 'If that Yang Wei person had this power, Big Brother would have been in danger. Seems like he wasn't allowed or couldn't use the power even though he had connections with the Spirit.'

She was not really that strong. If she was looked at with critical eyes of analysis, she was just a newly Evolved. She was weak! A normal Evolved could defeat her easily!

But her touch was unique. If she touched a person, she could startle their Existence and that is enough to make them faint shortly. Han Li was strong, but his Existence was completely unprotected. It was like an armor that didn't protect the eyes.

She would probably die in a second if she tried to fight him when he knew that her 'touch' was deadly. But if someone didn't know that, her 'touch' would be deadly!

She could startle them right at their core!

Maybe even Power Born could be startled... and killed, with this specific power!

If they didn't know it and they weren't people who had sensed Existence themselves, a touch alone would probably be enough to handle them.

He looked at her with an eye full of doubt. His 500 years of experience had included nothing about an... Existence.

She squinted. "What? You have a problem I defeated you?"

Han Li caught her by the collar and pulled her into his embrace. She was trapped in a hug, and he wrapped his hand around her. "I am proud. So teach your big brother the trick."

"No way. Let me harass you a bit more. Maybe… let me throw you into a cold pond in the break of dawn, then beat you up with a stick in the name of training."

"Vengeful!" he cursed.

She laughed at the name. "But then, I'll kiss you after taking you out of the water like a rag doll. Soothe you, and then make you give me an excellent oral service down there. Fantastic things! Exactly how you've been teaching me. Of course, I'll be gentle at times and such."

Han Li looked at her eyes with skepticism.

The best thing to do not to give oil to fire was not to talk about it.

"What is with this power anyway?"

"I have so much to tell you, I just touched your Existence and you were too unguarded..." She changed her tone, smirking at his dubious face. "I even made your Expert Spirit promise to become our temple's guardian beast!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208 - 208: I'll teach you in a bit!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and Liyue were still in the room.

Liyue was comfortably lying against his shoulder while speaking, and Han Li was listening to her as he massaged her hand. He was totally mind-blown.

She had indeed destroyed his image of the world and then rebuilt it in one mere hour.

The fucking… Spirit tried to possess her?

She gained the ability to sense her own Existence? And then also found out she had 7 Empty Spaces instead of one?

Color him surprised.

That much was already rather quirky enough for a mere Breakthrough to the Evolution Stage, but there was more. The golden shadowy mist from his Mother was supposedly binding his own Existence and all the others into one and many more.

Everything honestly left him in a really hard position.

He couldn't even believe in all of her words... It was too hard to believe. He couldn't even entirely trust her after The Spirit was a part of it all.

But her actions spoke for her.

The current Liyue was strong. He could probably defeat her from a distance if he used some tactics, but if she touched him—he was done for. She was touching this supposed Existence of his and he had no way to react against it.

Han Li had a sneaking suspicion that she might even be a threat to actual Power Born now.

She had barely Evolved yesterday. This all left him clearly and harshly confounded.

There is always more Secrets...

This actually cleared some things, though.

For example, Liyue's goddess-like body. Liyue's figure and beauty were just too astounding.

If she ever Transcended, her beauty alone would probably have more than half of the male population of the continent red with envy towards Han Li. Even now itself, that was truly the case, just in a smaller proportion.

Maybe this was the reason she turned so beautiful in a matter of years?

Then, another fact was also cleared.

Why were many people shown as Unawakened when they were not?

Obviously, sensing this Existence was important. It was probably a game-changer.

He had his doubts, but so did Liyue.

She was also worried.

7 Empty Spaces? What did that mean?

She had tried to bring out the Spirit and show it to Han Li, but it couldn't leave her Empty Space without being in peril, and it also told her it was impossible to see her for Han Li.

Someone like Han Li couldn't see her, at all. Only people who have sensed their own Existence can see and sense other people's Existence. Only people who sensed their own Existence can fight against others who had sensed it.

It even made sense now why he couldn't read the Spirit's memories for so long.

The only thing he had yet to make sense of was why Liyue said that his mother was the reason for their marriage being a failing streak. Her words were in a positive take, so he was even more in the middle of a puzzle.

In the end… there was only one thing to do. All doubts could be cleared.

One logical thing that would let them know the best course to take from here.

Han Li asked, sincere, "Liyue, can I read your memories?"

That was the most logical thing to do and there was no reason not to do that. Unless she didn't want to. After a second of surprise, she nodded without a hint of reluctance.

Why would she say no?

Han Li smiled. Then shook his head at himself.

There was no reason to be suspicious of her.

He'd be suspicious whether the Spirit did something to her had she been weaker than him, and had she not had a chance to really take him off guard. But she already had some chances to completely take him off guard if that were so; she could have kept silent about this whole fiasco, even.

His Life Vision was also clear in who she was. Even though he knew not to trust on it too much, he had trust in his intuition about things.

He'd be able to read Liyue if she was not Liyue—earlier, he had been unguarded of the Spirit and its weird powers, but he was now aware. That was Heaven and Earth's difference.

If she had malevolent intentions, she could have killed him when she first used her power to stun him with a touch, too. She was Liyue, and Liyue was a woman he had trust in.

"You really are Brother Han; your bag of tricks never ends," she smiled charmingly at him.

Reading memories? That's surprising! But reasonable, reasonable... if it was him.

"Of course, I can do many things."

Han Li looked at her, and their eyes reflected each other.

Smiling, he leaned closer, shifted his position, and nibbled on her neck. A bit surprised, she looked sideways at him in interest.

What was he doing?

She caressed his hair.

His tooth gently sunk down, yet she could feel no pain. Only a surging sense of desire.

Lust Dao Talent—Painless Lust.

It transformed Pain into Lust!

"Such a convenient power," she shifted slightly, letting him more comfortably suck her blood. "So really, Big Brother, are you the successor of the Sacred Demon or something? I don't think you are just a normal Sacred Talent Cultivator—just like me."

Stronger people had more right to know his secrets, after all.

She felt slightly smug inside, but her face was just flushed.

"Something like that," Han Li replied and then immediately felt trickles of her blood dripping into his throat, and used another Magic Power.

Lust Dao Talent—Lustful Healing.

Her lust burned itself, and she started to heal. It was a painfully slow process, but the wound was shallow.

Since the Life Sword was now inside his body, as long as he touched someone's blood, he could read their memories. Yet, he was doubtful whether he'd be able to read Liyue's memories.

After all, she was similar to the Spirit.

She hadd sensed Existence.

He laid down on Liyue's lap, and she looked at him curiously. His lips were slightly bloody.

The red mark on his forehead, barely visible, took her focus next.

With her eyes infused with the power of Existence, she felt as if she could see more of this mysterious man who had stolen her heart so casually, but he was ever mysterious.

She waited for him to wake up from reading her memories but suddenly, a twang of uncomfortable strangeness hit her straight in the Existence that she had grown so fond of. Herself.

She could feel someone try to steal a glance into her soul. It was as if someone was trying to enter inside forcefully, and her focus shifted to the feeling of familiar warmth.

It was Han Li's Existence.

Suppressing the feeling of strangeness, she let him into her mind; if she wanted to, she could totally resist it, but of course, she didn't want to resist. If she wanted to, she could have even made him have a nightmare there and then!

The Spirit had always been doing exactly that when Han Li tried to read her memories. People who sensed their own Existence were indeed on a different level.

Suddenly, Liyue was surprised to find herself inside her mind. In memories—Her memories.

Han Li was before her… blank.

His eyes were… an abyss.

As if he lacked eyes.

He was an eyeless creature. Incapable of seeing.

She almost gasped, frowning slightly at the unsightly sight he had become as she touched him soothingly. "Big Brother, can you see me?"

Her soothing call gained no answers. No matter how much she prodded him, he didn't seem to see. Indeed, he didn't have the ability to see an Existence.

Was it necessary to shock him into seeing it?

Like the Spirit 'shocked' her into it?

She felt the power in her own Existence. Liyue leaned towards him, and their lips met—his form was horrible, and she was like a goddess of beauty.

The power slowly inundated him.

…

All he could see was a dark forest, an Eyeless creature looking at him.

He couldn't pass that, no matter how much he tried.

It seemed as if the creature was devouring him. He knew the memory watching was bound to fail. He wondered about it: what was an Existence?

Did he lack one or something?

His birth wasn't natural, after all. That made him worried.

Soft lips caressed his senses as his gaze slowly came to a snow-studded city. Face filled with wonder, he looked around.

His heart must have been beating heavily, and his face must have been blushing when his gaze finally turned to Liyue. She was smirking.

"How's it?" She said, "It's my Breakthrough day, and it's me giving gifts to you… Tsk."

Han Li had no words.

This was Existence?

He only looked at her in wonder.

Normally, Existence lacked color, but inside memories, an Existence was the most beautiful thing. The most colorful. The only thing that truly Existed.

Han Li was suddenly struck.

…Fuck.

He was in love.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209 - 209: Claimed!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Returning back to the real world, Han Li's scarlet gaze had gained yet another layer of mystery. Like a twinkle, it checked the world around it.

Everything was just… the same.

Now, the time had passed even further, and it was near time for night to arrive. Sun had turned orange, and it was now dipping down into the distance and would soon vanish, replacing the world with night.

Yet, the only person around him, Liyue, seemed to have become much brighter than everything. Her existence was striking, just like her true body. He was quite baffled by it but then saw her… pouting.

"What?" He asked, squinting. He was in a really, really good mood.

"You know… every most embarrassing thing about me now. So unfair…" Her face was flushed.

Her childhood, her days of suffering to handle Li Yao's illness before Han Li arrived, her tearful nights—nothing was a secret to him. Han Li smirked at her pout.

She tried to use her power, but it was useless. "And I wanted, I really WANTED to bully you for at least a bit at least..."

"Liyue, that's a bad way of thinking. Now you can bully all of the others, you know? I don't think anyone would be able to beat you even if they catch up with you in cultivation anymore."

Her eyes twinkled. "Really?"

The power to see the Existence was indeed a… cheat.

He nodded.

Then, he sat up, seriousness clouding his visage.

He had seen her memories from start to finish. He had obviously sensed… the Existence, too. It would not be too hard if another person who knew how The Existence worked helped out—just like Liyue was helped out to do exactly that by the Spirit.

But now he had more to be worried about. Seven Empty Spaces.

"When you were young, you happened to see a Detached Empty Space in the snow, and when you touched it, it sank into you."

She nodded, worried.

She had also seen her blurry childhood memories using the chance when he was watching it. From start to finish, she also understood that many weird things were happening even inside her own body that she didn't understand.

He had seen everything embarrassing about her, but it was rather… releasing. He had been laughing when some of her stupidness had passed by in the memories. It was such an… amazing experience. Who would be able to say that they had gone down the memory line of their lives along with the love of their life? She definitely counted her life as a blissful one.

He had seen her from her birth to this very day, including her brawl with The Spirit. He knew her like a part of his life.

"So that black orb I touched as a child was indeed a Detached Empty Space… so do they work like this? Becoming extra Empty Spaces in the toucher's body?"

Han Li shook his head. "Never seen this happen. Your body is weird, Liyue. I don't know; something's just… different about it."

"In a good way?"

"… I am not sure."

She bit her lips. "If I had an Empty Space naturally and gained more from somewhere. Like if the rest of the 5 in the total 7 were Detached Empty Spaces, we should have seen it in the memories…"

"I have two theories. A wild one and a wilder one," Han Li said. "Liyue, you were either born with 6 Empty Spaces in your body or… you can extract Empty Spaces from the dead."

"…What?"

"You have been to exactly five funerals in your life, and if you count those 5 Empty Spaces. Add the one you naturally have and the one you got in the snow; it adds up. That alone is unbelievable, but it even seems to make the taken-out Empty Spaces into your own." He then paused, "You have more Empty Spaces, but having them are just appearances… rather useless."

Han Li suddenly frowned heavily, and then his mind suddenly paused all functions.

… He was such a fool!

He slapped his thighs. Indeed!

Han Li calmed down forcefully.

His Heart Qi started to emanate out from him, and his Existence controlled it like a general watching over his soldiers.

It was the essence of his first life, Heart Qi. As strong as a Transcendent!

The ephemeral and impossible-to-control Heart Qi, until this point, was like an obedient child in front of his Existence!

Indeed, it was not that The Spirit had some unique way to control it but that it had sensed its… Existence! Since he had done that, too, he could also control the Heart Qi at his fingertips. Thousands upon thousands of doors opened in his mind.

Han Li could think of a bajillion ways to use this.

Clenching his palms in excitement, he used the power of the Existence on his eyes.

The Life Vision flared to life.

It was no longer just simply powerful; it was seeing straight to the soul of things.

He planned to first look at Liyue, but the first place his gaze moved to was his surroundings.

In every block of creation, from dust to wood, from the bed to floor, he could see something, a will, an omnipresent thing that was everywhere and in everything—for the first time, he had finally come to see the Heavens.

The consciousness of the… Great Dao Tree.

A solemn expression plastered itself on his face naturally.

It was an amalgamation of a complex thing. It just lay there, silent, powerless. Waiting to revive one day.

There was only a part of it here, while the rest of it was spread around the whole World of the Seven Continents. An immediate picture of the whole thing formed in his mind by just looking at one part of the consciousness.

Oh, Save me, child!

The cry of Heavens was discordant, but Han Li coldly pushed it aside without a thought.

He focused on its full form.

It was the form of a complete circle with an unbelievably complex pattern. Yet, in the huge puzzle piece, many things were missing. He focused on one part.

'The Lust Dao…'

That part was the Lust Dao.

'299' pieces among the '300' were not there. Indeed, looking into himself, those were his Talents now—it was part of his Existence. Then, his gaze moved elsewhere, and his face changed.

He could see many missing Daos.

'The Dao of Explosion is missing entirely,' he saw a gaping hole in the Heavens, 'and some other Daos under the Fire Great Dao are also missing.'

Han Li could also notice some others too. The other Inheritors… some of them had already made some of the Daos their own, and he was sorely lagging behind!

Han Li was the inheritor of the Life Great Dao among the Seven Great Daos, and he was the most backward among the Seven Sacred Demon Inheritors. He had been too cautious.

With an inquisitive gaze, he looked into his own Existence. The Talents he had gained were all inside there, forming its own incomplete circle—incomplete Heaven. One with him.

They had no connection with the Heavens anymore.

In totality, it was believed and known that there were "300" Magic Powers in each normal Dao and "3000" Normal Daos under all Seven Great Daos.

Han Li looked at the last Magic Power in the Lust Dao, which was not his own but the Heaven's. With just a gaze, the chant to call for that power came to his mind.

He just had to use it ten times using Dao Crystals as pay, and it would become his own. He had already used it nine times before; one more time and it would become his.

His gaze shimmered, and he looked for another Dao—The Dao of Starlight.

With just a glance, he could see all 300 Magic Powers available in that particular Dao, and he could also understand their chants. Of course, without their particular Spark or Dao Soul, he couldn't use them.

"Heh…" Han Li breathed out.

There really was…

He shook his head in disbelief.

It all made it seem so easy. It had always been there. He had just been too reluctant to claim it.

He almost wanted to kiss Liyue to breathlessness at the moment.

Eyes bright, he focused his gaze on the Lust Dao again and chanted the words for the last remaining Magic Power once. A Dao Crystal was lost.

The final Magic Power of the Lust Dao in the tapestry of the Heavens loosened and became a part of his own Existence.

Lust Dao vanished from Heaven and Earth.

The Dao of Lust had been claimed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210 - 210: Fiery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liyue looked at Han Li and felt an instinctive urge to just close her eyes.

She gulped and walked some steps back.

Han Li seemed like an explosion through her Existence-infused senses. There he was, sat in a meditative position silently, eyes closed.

The last glimmer of light in the outside world made him seem as simple as a normal monk, but his stature was like that of a mountain.

Dark clouds appeared in the skies out of nowhere, and the wind lifted the curtains; the world fell into suppressive darkness. Thunder reverberated across the world.

Liyue walked out of the room and looked up at the sky with a bemused expression. Turning her gaze straight, she saw a burning bonfire, it must have been prepared as a part of her Breakthrough celebrations.

The fire waved in the wind while the people seated around it looked at it intently. The rain would probably come and douse the fire. The lanterns fitted into the hanging ceilings made clinging noises, and an ominous air hung heavy.

She glanced at Han Li, who was seated inside the room amidst dancing curtains. From inside her, the Spirit spoke fearfully: "That kid is a monster, a crazy man. He is devouring the Heavens. Does he not care about the consequences that would come with it?"

"Consequences?"

"He has taken the Dao of Lust and he now has the rule over the Dao of Lust all over the place his Soul Sense would stretch to. It is an enormous boon but," The Spirit snorted. "The Golden shadow, you saw it too, didn't you?"

"Yes, it's around me and everyone around him."

"It's Luck. Fortune. Immense luck!" The Spirit said, "That's why I wanted to possess one of you in the first place. From Han Li's mother as a source, everyone around her has immense luck. Han Li is also a very lucky man on his own.

"The manifestation of a golden shadow around one is the most powerful form of luck in all of the Cosmos, but if one went against heaven, he would lose all of his luck. He will have bad luck in whatever he does, and his enemies would have amazing luck."

Liyue frowned.

"Luck always had a slight touch on him from the start of his days but now, he will be cursed for bad luck worse than a normal man could ever handle…" The Spirit sounded vengeful and filled with glee.

She had been forced to swear on her Existence to not harm anyone unless Liyue gave permission… and, without being manipulated.

She only had utter hatred for Han Li and his harem members.

"He is no normal man."

Liyue gave her no further heed and felt for the lands surrounding her. The world in itself seemed to be resisting futilely yet fiercely.

Crows whipped past in the skies, and roaming eagles flew beyond the clouds to escape from the rain and storm.

The monks seated across had all gotten into meditative positions, mumbling "Amitabha!" and looking around in the lotus position. A drop of rain fell on her cheeks, then another.

She faintly smiled.

"What a wonderful scenery."

A man's voice echoed from behind her and he stepped out of the room, looking around at the dark surroundings and silent world filled with monk's mumbling.

She turned back with a graceful circle and met the man. He was Han Li. He stretched a hand out for her to grab.

She hesitated. "Why such a downgrade in aura?"

Nervousness budded in her heart. Was it because he had lost all of his luck?

There was not a bit of golden aura around his Existence now. Just darkness.

Han Li was the same as before. Yet, he felt as if he was a weakling, a mortal. Even the normal Evolved around had more of a fearful vibe than him.

He smiled and snatched her hand. His gaze moving at the cloudy dark skies that had started a torrential downpour at some point. He had a faint feeling that if the Heavens were not wounded, he would have probably died from a thunderclap.

Calmly, he walked out into the open with her hand in his and rain blasted across their faces. Intensifying as the sound of hushed flames and the smell of wet charcoal spread out of the bonfire.

Wet monks all focused on them as the couple stood in the middle.

The women that Han Li cared about also noticed him amidst the smoke of the doused bonfire. They hadn't gotten wet since Hua Yu's Soul Sense protected them.

Han Li hugged Liyue's waist, then tripped her leg halfway to have her in the perfect position. She flushed amidst everyone's gazes and her wet cheeks became red. The rain doused all sounds except their heartbeats.

She could feel the water trickling down her body.

The first to make some noise was Ruo, who clapped with a faint smile, but then, Yue Li got what was going on and couldn't help but blink in amazement.

Then, everyone grew silent.

Han Li's voice was clear even in the storm. Liyue was wet and blushing but her own eyes became full of anticipation.

"Here, in this blessed temple grounds, I announce that Shan Liyue shall be my Wife since thus. A wife I swear to protect this whole life."

Liyue blushed even amidst the water trickling on her face relentlessly. She cleared her throat nervously. What was she to say?

What do people even say in this situation?

"… announcement accepted."

Many monks looked at them harshly.

They were marrying here in a temple where Monks who abstained from marriage lived!

Hideous!

Yue Li and the gang clapped and whistled while Wei Yuanfen, smirking slightly, threw a flower at Liyue.

Liyue didn't care at first, but halfway through the flower's travel, her face changed.

"Big Brother, it's some kind of prank…" She said desperately. Han Li only laughed.

The flower landed on Liyue and Han Li and a cloak of fire washed them in a majestic display. Even Han Li was a bit wry at that, but suddenly, he looked at the onlookers, and an image was created in everyone's mind.

Two devilishly beautiful people, Shan Liyue and Han Li, cloaked in clothes robes of fire with majestic gazes and an unbridled sense of freedom and an aura of confidence that saw all else but themselves as insignificant.

They stood in the middle of the rain—atop the mountains of the Temple of Suffering.

Even the monks were stunned.

A crackle of thunder illuminated the place and Monk Hen Shin's shadow stretched behind him. He stood above the roof of the highest temple and shook his head.

"Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and right-doing, there is a field. I'll meet you there. Is it?" The Monk couldn't help but lapse into thoughts. Then, he looked at Han Li and inwardly shivered at the red gaze he was returned. The smirk.

He sighed. Then jumped out of the roof and began dancing out of nowhere.

The bald monk's dance was a sight to see and Han Li couldn't help but laugh wildly.

Hen Shin had finally abandoned appearances.

Beautiful the night was. Oh so much so.

Even after the rain passed, a new campfire was set up, and all of the women teased Liyue in all sorts of ways. For whatever pride she had been boasting of, the girl was basically a wrecking ball of shyness once more.

Yue Li or Li Yao would secretly go and whisper into her ears, passing their forbidden technique to her while she would blush more. She couldn't even look at Han Li's face at some point, always blushing and looking away.

He could only lament. Women.

Then, his gaze moved to Liyue using his Existence-enhanced Life Vision and his already great mood got even better. Silently, night deepened, and the newly married couple retreated into their bed quarters.

Their doors closed.

Hua Feilan looked at her palm, a wistful expression on her face.

Ruo smiled at the clear heavens and white moon while walking with her hands clasped behind her back.

Hua Yu was the only one who was among the monks, looking at everything with curious eyes but not joining in anything in particular. A spectator.

Monk Hen Shin's disciple girl, who was stricken with Han Li, was nowhere to be found.

"I know right," Li Yao and Yue Li noted others. Their gaze speculative.

What a weird wedding!

Lamenting about their children in their own words, the women lost themselves in idle chatter. Walking melanchollicaly while occasionally glancing at the closed door.

Wei Yuanfen joined in their lamenting and the old women couldn't help but feel slighted.

"We old people are analyzing, you are talking worthless things. Go away, Shoo, shoo."

The young woman couldn't help but sigh. She got along greatly with Liyue but the only others she had a great time with was Li Yao and Yue Li. Ruo was too silent, Hua Feilan too friendly and too mature, Hua Yu looked at her as if she was some interesting thing every time.

Now Liyue was inside her room with her Master. Yuanfen couldn't help but think of what they might be doing inside. Her face slightly blushed.

She looked at her palm. "Is this love?"

Her Spark didn't react, so it shouldn't be.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211 - 211: Liyue (R18 Sol)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The room was dimly lit by a series of candles, their flames gently swaying and throwing a warm, flickering light across the walls. Liyue was looking into the mirror, her face flushed red. Everything that had just happened felt like a dream—she still had goosebumps: the rain, the thunder, the declaration, the mixed feelings of shyness and pride.

Huff… she breathed out.

Han Li was on the bed, looking at her while leaning on his palm. She felt that burst of shyness again but held it back, drying her wet hair with a towel.

She said calmly, "What are you looking at? Don't ogle too much, or I might cry."

"Cry? For what?" Han Li asked, curious. He spread his arms wide on the bed. "Come, cry on my embrace!"

She harrumphed cutely and looked into the mirror once again.

What would he know? It was such an emotional day for her. She could probably not forget this day even if she died.

Then she thought about the advice that her mothers had given her.

Uh… She hadn't been this nervous before about their first night; they made her nervous with all the advice and such. She felt irked but, at the same time, bothered.

She didn't want to lose out to the others! She wanted the best first night!

Han Li had often mentioned his first time with his mother extremely fondly. She wanted to do that, too. Even better than her Mothers.

The flush on her cheeks once again increased. It had been so long since she felt this conflicted and wanting.

She stood up, slammed the towel on the small makeup table sort of thing, and walked towards Han Li, then asked, "How do I look?"

He looked at her, curious. "Alright… I guess?"

She blanched. Then, pouting, sat down.

Other than her wet hair, she was dry, but she felt far too out of place now.

This won't do.

"Just alright?" She asked, pouting still. "Sorry not sorry, but you only get this."

"Say this chant, and we can warm ourselves…" He smiled wider and gave her a piece of paper he had scribbled on at some point.

She curiously looked at it and grinned... her first Magic Power.

She immediately chanted.

Starlight Magic Power—Heat and Light.

Warm waves of heat passed by them and dried every part of their bodies.

She immediately felt much better. At the same time, the only Dao Crystal she had accumulated, vanished from her Empty Space.

"Useful Magic Power…" She said, gently shifting Han Li aside and laying by his side.

Under his chest and warmth, she felt even better. On the other hand, he looked at her with a rather wistful gaze. Liyue had become such an unbelievable beauty.

Long raven black hair falling behind her, plain temple robes which she had wore even on their marriage, and a face as beautiful as the mythical godesses themselves. Her eyes were a mischievous pair of brownish black, twinkling like stars and her skin was the most beautiful of olives.

"Now comes the question, Brother H—"

Han Li stole a kiss from her lips. Her heart fluttered.

"What question?" he asked.

"Question of what do you want me to do… perhaps."

"What do I want you to do? Nothing, just be like how you are every day."

Liyue blushed slightly. Feeling her heart race.

"That'd be boring, let's do something special…"

"Nah, me taking your virginity is special enough, right?" His hands traveled her body, and she took a long, sensual breath.

The words made her slightly nervous. His hand came to rest right over her chest. She could feel the warm palm even through the clothes. He could feel the softness.

"I can feel your heartbeats…" he teased as he squeezed her boobs gently.

She squirmed slightly, and he could feel her hands loosening up her clothes.

"I don't want you to tear these clothes. They are precious now—my wedding clothes."

He smiled and helped her undress.

Floating above her with two hands on both of her sides, he praised, "Gorgeous."

Liyue was indeed the most gorgeous without clothes. Her body, no one could ever compare to it. It was so beautiful he would still become a bit dazed when he looked at it—she really was blessed with a unique physique.

Two perky breasts, pink nipples, her blush-coated skin. Lively pair of eyes brimming with emotions as it stared at him. The woman who had become so prideful was now filled with shyness, as if it was the first time he had seen her naked.

He caressed her cheek while she began tentatively removing his clothes. They were rather easy to get rid of, and with that, both of them were now naked.

She gulped.

He leaned down to kiss her, and their tongues fought a war inside their mouths.

"Do it!" she breathed into his mouth.

"Not too quick!" He slid back down, and Liyue blushed even more, knowing what he was about to do.

Spreading her thighs with both of his hands, he looked between them, and there it was… her pink vagina. Slightly wet, cleanly shaved, beautiful, and untouched. One of her hands covered it from his gaze.

"I know what you are going to do, but no! Mutually entertaining things only, let's do it the other way. I face you, you face me."

He could only smile and do exactly that. He was not reluctant to do that in the first place.

With a quick shift, they moved into the form of 69, and she took a deep breath. She was above him while he was below her. She could see his powerful shaft right in front of her. Already becoming stronger.

She removed her palm, which was obstructing his gaze, and her already wet vagina was revealed to him once more; it was dripping the nectar of life.

They fell on his cheek.

He took a short sniff and couldn't help but be amazed at the natural fragrance on her body. It smelled like something otherworldly, yet something familiar. It smelled enticing.

Liyue closed her eyes in anticipation and shivered as his wet tongue touched her pussy. She could almost scream, but then, holding herself from moaning, she brought out her pink tongue and gave his shaft a little lick.

HE froze slightly.

She continued to trace the hard shaft with her tongue for a while before she put his member into her mouth. She tried to let the cock enter as deep into her mouth as she could while wrapping her tongue around it.

He gently bit down on her vagina, and his tongue entered into her with competitive vigor.

Mm~ Liyue moaned into his cock, and he shivered as he became even harder.

If she wanted not to moan, she had definitely failed.

Then, another moan followed!

His tongue was too good. They gently licked around the slit of her vagina and gently kept her at a constant state of peak.

She gasped. But then began to give him the taste of his own medicine on his cock.

Her slimy and pink tongue wrapped around him while her pearly teeth gently bit down. He paused for a faint second, but quickly enough, she was once again left moaning as his tongue entered into her with a powerful momentum.

His tongue was like a go in his playground. She had no way of resisting.

Ahnnn~

Big Brother!

With a resounding moan, her beautiful eyes became a bit muddled. Liyue pushed her crotch into his mouth as her back arched in pleasure.

"It's… It's coming!!!!" She said, her eyes almost teary.

He pressed his mouth against her as her nectar exploded into his mouth. She gasped in pleasure and breathed in.

All her energy was leaving her body, but he hadn't even cum once yet.

She hissed and began to desperately use her mouth on his cock, but suddenly, he shifted and took it away from her. Before she knew it, she was on the bed and looking up at him from a different position, her eyes watery.

Her heart was beating like a drum. She wanted so much more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212 - 212: Liyue's Virginity (R18)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They were in the missionary position. Liyue looked to the side in shyness and closed her eyes tightly. Her cheeks burned crimson.

Taking both of her thighs, he spread them as far as he could and rested them atop his own shoulders, and her wet vagina was before him with all its beauty. His cock was as hard as it could be.

She looked at it for a brief second and all her misgivings attacked her.

"Will… Will it fit?" she squeaked.

He smiled at her reassuringly and rubbed the head of his cock against her entrance, and she took rapid breaths.

"Ge… gently… please!"

Her husband didn't use any Magic Powers, and with a gentleness in his movement that sent electricity coursing through her veins, he pushed in. It was so gentle, so slow, she could feel its movement crisply.

It was entering her, and it was painful.

On the contrary, he could feel the wetness around his shaft, the comforting embrace of her insides, which was so tight. He could hear the quivering in her body, and he could sense the anticipation and fear.

Her insides were tight, and, a bit deeper in, it was closed off by her hymen.

Slowly, he pushed in deeper.

She gasped as she took hold of his hands powerfully. Her body was stronger than normal, and so was her hymen.

Tears rolled down her eyes as blood trickled into the bedsheet. He paused halfway in, leaned down, and kissed her. She reciprocated while sniffing.

It was the most painful thing she had ever experienced.

They broke the kiss, their unruly hair and flushed faces focusing on each other.

"Painful?"

"Yes, but I am happy." Liyue tried to rub her tears away, but he did it for her.

She hugged his head onto her nape with more tears, not letting him go. She wanted him close, as close as possible. "Continue…" she said with a weak tone.

They could feel both of their Existence mingling, colliding against each other and slowly becoming one in this form. Their souls were in intercourse as much as their bodies were. It was fusing into one temporarily.

He kissed the side of her face and entered the rest of the way into her pussy. Her soul almost left her body as the entire thing entered deep into her.

Liyue let out a painful breath.

Blood coated the bedsheet.

"Wait. Wait a moment, don't move…" she said weakly, her legs powerlessly wrapped around his waist.

He didn't move. His head was forced onto her nape, but he could feel her weakness; her olive neck was full of sweat, and her movement was full of painful struggle. He poured some of his stamina into her without moving.

She straightened a bit and nodded, thankful for his consideration.

She was ready.

He gently began to thrust, and she moaned in pain as her tears began to leak again, out of his sight. Her nails tried to sink into Han Li's arms, but they couldn't. He continued to thrust, and among deep breaths and moans of pain, the pain slowly transformed into pleasure, and Liyue began to loosen up.

Leaning up from her hold, he kissed her on the lips while continuing to move.

She broke the kiss before asking, "Enough pain… now I can remember that pain forever. It's enough. Big Brother… remove the pain…"

He nodded and kissed her cheeks.

Lust Dao—Painless Lust.

The power washed over her, and all her pain became Lust.

With a flushed face, she could feel his cock filling her untouched insides, parting the barriers again and again and molding them to his own shape. There was no longer any pain in his thrusts but pure, unadulterated pleasure.

Her Big Brother moved in slow, rhythmic motions and fast, powerful ones, and she moaned, her eyes glazing over as he continued his ministrations.

Then, she was in a land of pleasure that she had never experienced before.

Their Existence completely became one for that short moment; she could feel all the thoughts he had about her, and he could feel hers.

She loved him almost to the point of obsession. She was obsessed with every single minute detail about him.

He loved her. He wanted her. He cared about her. He wanted to love her, and his care was even deeper than her own. He saw her as someone he had to lead and protect.

Her eyes became even more glazed as his thrusts became rough and fast.

Only five minutes in, "Ann~" she moaned, and her dam broke as her nectar spurted across his shaft. He gulped, taking her boobs and slamming his cock powerfully into her before releasing all his jizz into her.

Both of them breathed heavily, looking at each other with flushed faces before they once again continued.

Hours and hours of intercourse followed. They came multiple times, and she moaned with abandon. Even for him, this was a new experience. They were one at this moment.

Their Existence, at this moment, was meant for each other and each other alone. They were left gasping, again and again, in heat. But he was far from over.

He wanted to use all his stamina up today.

Without allowing their Existence to become two again, he put her in a different position and spread her rosy ass cheeks before he entered into his familiar butthole.

She blushed as, one after the other, her holes were filled with his liquids.

It was an extreme satisfaction of sexual satisfaction that followed each of his moves, yet beyond any of this physical pleasure. Their Existence was in a constant battle of sensuality; it felt far more powerful than their bodies mingling.

It was a far more powerful pleasure. She could only cum again and again to each of his moves, but even then, she didn't feel tired, she wanted to go on forever. Soon enough, Han Li couldn't stop himself either.

Both of them were lost in pleasure. In wonderful pleasure that they hadn't even known existed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213 - 213: Tears?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Extra long chapters today because of M. Black's Luxury Car Gift!

_______________________________________________________________

Han Li woke up early in the morning. As the light of the early sun filtered in through the glassed windows and curtains, he sat up, stretched, and looked to his side. Like a goddess incarnate, Liyue was lying there, sleeping nakedly with an exhausted visage.

"What a beauty!" Han Li sighed.

He leaned towards her and wrapped a solid hand around her. Then, he kissed her cheek. She squirmed slightly, filled with agitation—her whole body must be sore to feel agitated from a kiss. Not disturbing her, he took back the hand around her and, smiling to himself, slowly walked out of the bed and got dressed.

Liyue really had done a number on him, too. He had never had someone touch his Existence—fuck, he didn't even know such a thing existed. And yesterday, even though Liyue couldn't scratch his back to hell, she had made his Existence sweat.

He covered her in a blanket. Even in her exhausted sleep, he could feel her hands roaming around the bed as if in search of something, and he placed a hand curiously on hers. She clung to it and immediately seemed to calm down.

"Really now?" Han Li smiled wryly.

Extricating himself from Liyue was a bit hard, but not too much. Yet, he had just taken her virginity yesterday, and she really cared about that. If she woke up and didn't see him by her side, she would probably be devastated.

He did want to go see his Mother to figure out what that golden stuff in her Existence was, but it seemed Liyue didn't want to let him go—mentally and physically.

Sighing, he looked at her relaxedly. Her fair cheeks were still flushed even to this moment; there was also a morning puffiness to them that made one want to take a bite.

If she didn't wake up in time for training, usually, he would come to her room and throw her into the cold temple pond by the side of the main temple; he smiled as he remembered that. But Liyue was a diligent person. He had rarely had to do that.

But today, of course, it was different.

He couldn't just wake her up after she went through all of that yesterday, right?

That would be too dismissive, even for him.

Han Li looked at the palm tightly clinging on to his hand. Then, he laid his head on her bosom and went back to sleep in a sitting position outside the bed, with her chest as his comfy pillow.

Surprisingly, it was extremely easy to fall asleep. Especially when another of her soothing hands appeared and coxed him to sleep.

***

When Liyue woke up at noon, Han Li was still lying soundly on her bosom, and her blurry gaze immediately became clear.

She didn't even have the chance to stop herself before an involuntary sigh of relief left her.

Yet, she didn't move an inch.

She didn't want to wake him up when he seemed to be sleeping soundly. As she was thinking, she also became self-aware of her own body—it was completely unclean.

Even the bed they were lying on was full of obscene liquids, not to mention their bodies. Not only his seeds, she had even peed on the bed at some point. She sighed, feeling sore all over.

With a sniff and a quick chant, she used the only Magic Power that she had.

Starlight Dao Magic Power—Heat and Light.

Thankfully, her Empty Space had passively generated another Dao Crystal, and even though it vanished as she used her power, both of their bodies were soon washed in warmness, and all the obscene stuff around them melted off.

They didn't even need to brush anymore as the heat had destroyed all the bacteria inside their mouths.

It was a very useful power that used Starlight heat on only particular things. It was probably even a good offensive power if used on higher levels.

Liyue sighed as she felt cleaner. Then, her gaze moved. She looked at her husband and was… confused. Just a second later, her eyes watered up with tears, and she bit her lips.

"Why am I crying?" she wondered for a second before wiping the tears away with her hand.

Yet, only more and more tears followed, and she could only bite her teeth not to make a sound. At least, that was so until Han Li's red gaze bore into her contemplatively.

"What?" she asked, choking up.

Han Li tilted his head slightly. "I am wondering what was it that I did wrong."

She hugged his face tight and threw kisses all across his hair.

"Not you, Big B—Husband. It's me. I just became a bit jealous. And a bit afraid."

Han Li pulled his face out of her hug. Looking into her teary face.

"You woke up after our first night, and the first thing you did was cry. Really," he shook his head. "So what made you so jealous?"

She pouted. "You don't have to know that. It's my secret."

Even though she said it, she knew he would probably figure the secret out when they had sex once more.

When their Existence melded together in sex, they would know everything they thought about each other—Everything meant every little thing they loved and hated about each other. Of course, she could choose not to meld with him next time, but she doubted she would be able to resist that.

Han Li raised an eyebrow and threw aside the bedsheets covering her, and her naked body was revealed. As tender as it had been, as beautifully carved. Fair like a goddess descended on the world.

She balled up on herself, hiding her privates and looking askance at him.

"Hubby, you don't plan to do it again, do you? I am already thinking I… probably won't be able to walk properly. I am so sore! If you do it again, forget about me showing up to train for at least a month!"

Her training was surely going to change as she had Evolved; it should be crazy training from now on—like the ones Han Li himself did. She was rather excited to do those.

"I don't plan to do it again now," he smiled at how she sighed in relief. "Get dressed. Let's go around and figure out some secrets."

"I surely can't walk," she sighed exaggeratedly. "Maybe if you carry me on your back like you carry Mother Yue, I'll follow."

"Already need me to pamper you, huh?"

She smirked. "Indeed. Pamper your wife!"

He could only smile and help her dress up in plain monk robes before they left the room, and she was on his back, proudly looking around. Han Li headed straight for Yue Li in quick strides.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214 - 214: Existential
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and Liyue conversed curiously as they walked toward Yue Li. Han Li had once left a Heart Qi binding on her, so it was not too hard to find her. Now that he had full control over his Heart Qi, he could do many things with it.

He planned to make a mark of Heart Qi and plant it on everyone whose life he truly cared about, but it was not immediately necessary. However, there were some things he had to get an immediate understanding of.

He now had some major tasks to complete.

Mainly four came to mind immediately—

Understanding the golden aura around his Mom. Seeing why Ruo's Existence had the Aura of a Beast Emperor, which had scared The Spirit. Getting to know his own Existence, and gouging his own limits, and… handling the business with the Spirit.

As he was walking, Liyue, who was on his back, winked at the bald monk women they passed by on their way. Almost as if showing off. She really did have some childish sides.

They mostly ignored her. They were people with a different mindset, and the main reason the Monk Hen Shin even allowed Han Li and his debauchery to run wild in the Temple was because of that. He was training his monks.

"Big Brothe—Hubby," Liyue called when she saw him quickening his pace. "Why are you always so rushed? Rest a bit. We are stronger now. I am strong; you are strong. We deserve to rest.

Just enjoy what you worked hard for, maybe?"

"Are we strong?" Han Li didn't loosen his pace.

He hadn't made a scene about it, but he was pretty mad at himself for not being able to protect Liyue.

The Spirit had so easily surpassed his protective preparations! Even though the fact that he had no idea of the Existence made it a natural thing, that was no excuse. Would he say the same after all of them died?

He had indeed been mellowed in this heaven-like place.

"Are we NOT strong?" Liyue grumbled at his calm face. "I am so strong," she said softly in a voice only he could hear, "One touch at someone's Existence—even that Monk Hen Shin's and I'd probably win. Hell, I could probably kill him."

Han Li stopped dead in his tracks.

"You don't actually believe in it, do you?" he asked.

Liyue frowned. "What?"

Han Li changed his route and moved towards a different area of the Temple. To another place in the huge temple complex—where only one person lived.

Liyue knew where he was headed by the direction, and immediately enough, she also knew he was not going to take the normal route. Her heart beat with excitement.

Jumping from the ground and catching on to the hanging roof of a temple building, he climbed on top of its thatched roof.

"Amazing!" Liyue exclaimed.

Then, he looked at the complex array of buildings while Liyue was on his back, her eyes full of anticipation. She knew what he was about to do. His body was almost as strong as any Evolution Stage cultivator's could be.

Of course, if he tried, he could jump onto the roof of a building from the ground!

Why would he take the stairs?

The Temple of Suffering was located on top of a mountain, and the temple buildings were numerous. As they looked around, they could see pagodas everywhere, each one more beautiful and awe-inspiring than the last. Hua Yu's training room was located on a higher floor, and they had to jump from one pagoda to another to reach it.

Han Li leaped from the ground, and Liyue felt the wind brush against her cheeks; she closed her eyes and held on to him for dear life. Then, they suddenly came to a halt as Han Li's foot came to rest on the pagoda wall like standing on the ground.

He laughed, and she tightened her hold around him. Gravity seemed to ignore them as he put strength on his feet and jumped onto the opposite pagoda—to an open window.

They fell through the window and into a huge room full of waving green curtains. Amidst the wind, in the middle of the room sat Hua Yu on a couch, who looked at them, a bit startled.

Around her, many feathers were floating around as she seemed to be training something.

Liyue immediately clung to him tighter as he once again got back into a nicer position, and he could feel her heartbeat against his back, powerful and thumping. She was also breathing heavily.

Flying with the help of a Power Born, where there was no chance of falling and jumping roof to roof with Han Li, was indeed a different thing.

"Hua Yu," Han Li walked towards Hua Yu, and Liyue gently got down from his back. Even though she said, she couldn't walk without help in their room, that was her acting pampered more than anything. She was not that weak.

"What are the newlyweds doing here when they should be flirting around in some meadows?" Hua Yu, ever the curious woman, asked, removing the manifested moss feathers from around her.

Liyue nodded exaggeratedly.

"I know, right? I asked him for such a thing, but he is being such a bummer. He doesn't know how to enjoy life. He has such a beautiful woman who wants to spend time with him, and here he is, running around."

Hua Yu smiled at Liyue. Then looked at Han Li, "What might you be here for?"

"Oh, can I not come just to see you? You are a beautiful woman. I like seeing you."

Hua Yu tilted her head and looked at him seductively, leaning on her couch.

"Oh, yet I rarely ever see you—just once every week or twice at best. You are not doing a good job if you are admiring my beauty."

Han Li smiled, going beside her and sitting on the couch. Liyue frowned at them, sighing inside. There was only space for the two of them; she had no space to squeeze in.

Over the course of the past three years, Han Li has continuously assisted Hua Yu in improving her strength. Han Li has used various methods and teachings to help Hua Yu, and as a result, Hua Yu has undergone a significant transformation since three years ago.

She was stronger. Liyue knew that much about them.

And the times Han Li met Hua Yu were indeed few.

In Liyue's observation, he had always kept Hua Yu an arm's length away; it was nearly the same for Hua Feilan, too, just that he seemed to have a bit of a sweeter spot for her than the Power Born. Yet, she was not sure.

Han Li and Hua Yu had a contract with each other, but it was voided about two years ago.

She was not keen on the details of that either. The contract was "as long as Han Li strengthened Hua Yu at least a bit every month, she would remain his guardian," she only knew that much.

She could tell that the contract had loosened much more since then.

He didn't really have to make her stronger every month. Yet, even without that, she could still be considered his trustworthy Dao Protector, but not due to her being in that contract.

Han Li himself was teaching Hua Yu the art of weapons. Han Li was… far better than even her. He had much to teach her when it came to almost every tool there ever was. That much was enough payment for guarding him against potential threats.

Not to mention, he still did give her other ways to strengthen herself.

They seemed to be working partners rather than romantic ones, but Liyue just couldn't place a finger on their relationship's true nature.

Hua Yu had settled down from her nomadic ways, at least, and she was also under a Heart Qi binding that made her incapable of betraying them. So, through the years, she had become a part of their family—at least, Han Li's women considered her a part of them.

They had been together for three years, after all!

Liyue herself didn't know what to think of the woman. She was the only woman surrounding Han Li who was stronger than herself.

'That makes me a bit insecure,' Liyue noted in her mind. 'And I am a bit jealous of that, too.'

Since noticing her Existence, she could read herself from this clear position. She could detach herself and clearly understand her own heart. She smiled.

Thinking deeper regarding Han Li and Hua Yu, they knew the duo had a very ambiguous relationship. They seemed to flirt and even kiss often, but nobody really knew their inner thoughts.

'At least they had never slept in one room,' Liyue looked at them, her eyes turning as her mind thought of many different scenarios. Maybe she could ask her big brot—hell. She keeps forgetting to call him hubby, even in her mind.

Anyway, maybe she could ask her hubby directly?

…

Taking Hua Yu's hands in his, Han Li said, "Of course, I have been neglecting my duty in admiring your beauty. Now, I need you to do something for me."

Hua Yu smiled. "What might that be?"

"Fight Liyue. Don't harm her; go and let her do whatever she can to harm you."

Liyue, who was silently observing them in order to read under the lines into the true nature of their relationship, exclaimed inside.

'He wants me to fight Hua Yu?!'

"Big Brother…" she called. He winked at her.

Hua Yu wrapped her arms around Han Li's neck and looked at him enticingly.

"She could go through hell and earth, and she won't be able to harm my hair." Her gaze was languid. "Why are you doing this to our poor Liyue?"

"Go fight. Try her." Han Li smirked. "She'll defeat you."

"Oh?" Hua Yu looked at Liyue in intrigue and jumped out of the couch. Then, she reached in front of Liyue and touched the girl's cheek.

"Can you really defeat me, girl?"

Liyue squinted, and her Existence flared.

It was like she could see the unprotected soul of the other party by a mere touch. Hua Yu's physical body became but a mere shell that could never protect her Existence from another Existence.

Only people who had sensed their Existence could see this coming and resist. Only people like herself, Han Li, and The Spirit had a chance of resisting.

Hua Yu didn't even have a chance… before she stumbled back and her eyes rolled into unconsciousness, but before she could fall, Han Li was there and hauled her into a princess carry.

He smiled.

"Indeed, an Existence is strong against someone who hadn't sensed their own Existence."

He carried Hua Yu back onto the couch. The green-haired, green-eyed, curious woman was now completely helpless. She laid on his lap like a sack of potatoes, her jaws loose.

"But now, Liyue, try killing Hua Yu. Don't worry. I won't let that happen for real. Try your hardest to do that."

Liyue frowned but then realized. She didn't even have to try; she couldn't harm Hua Yu.

Hua Yu had a Power Born-level physique, and there was no attack in her hand that could come close to harming a Power Born.

Their body, even the [Below Average Power Born Physique] that was the weakest, wouldn't be harmed by the likes of herself.

Liyue realized… she could make Power Birth Stage Cultivators faint for a short time by touching them (as long as they themselves were unaware of Existence,) but she couldn't harm the fainted person. She had no weapons in her hand sharp enough.

"I have been over the top of my head," Liyue sighed, her face a bit downcast.

"Yes, you have been. And the Power Born won't just let us go and touch them like this woman." Han Li nodded in praise but taught patiently. "Hua Yu was too unguarded. A Power Born's Soul Sense is a tangible power that is enough to crush anyone below the Power Birth Stage. They can squeeze you to death with their telekinesis alone."

Liyue blushed. "Indeed…" But then, she asked, "What about you, Big Br—Hubby, do you have a way to...um, kill Power Borns?"

Han Li sat Hua Yu on one of his laps and called for Liyue to sit on his other. She jumped in without any hesitation.

"Power Borns are not weak, but they are still not strong. Not to the point I can't kill them when they are straight asleep and unguarded. I am not you."

Liyue leaned against him. Curious.

What had 'Devouring' a part of the Heavens, the entire Lust Dao, into himself actually done to him?

Was he still human?

What made him different now?

But then, she chuckled nervously as Hua Yu's eyes flapped open in startled surprise.

"What the hell was that?" Hua Yu squirmed in Han Li's embrace, clearly filled with disbelief.

Liyue noted in her mind, 'Not even five minutes before she woke up…'

Han Li leaned to the side and kissed Hua Yu on the lips, then parted. "Calm down, woman, why are you so surprised? I told you she'd defeat you."

With fear on her face, Hua Yu looked at Liyue.

"What is this new freak?"

Liyue smiled. "Just a talented young woman. I could have just killed you if I wanted to, but of course, I won't do that. But, fufu, now I am the strongest in his harem."

Hua Yu became even more fearful but, at the same time, deadly curious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215 - 215: He had lost a bit of his edge being smothered by beauties all around?!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li's mother had been carving something with a wooden piece, while on the bed, with a knife before he arrived, but now, her gaze was on him.

He sighed.

Then looked at her. Really looked at her. Looked at her as if he had never laid eyes on that confused but beautiful face. She was wearing traditional Hanfu today, a white one that made her look like a woman from the neighborhood whom everyone just couldn't stop respecting.

What a powerful golden light. His Existence-enforced eyesight was nearly blinded, and he walked closer without even knowing. Near her, he subconsciously felt warm and welcome.

Before he could even control himself, he walked in front of her and fell into her embrace. She was genuinely confused because he had always been the one embracing her, instead of falling into HER embrace as he was doing now.

But she was only happy to oblige and ruffled his hair.

"What happened, Xiao Li?" she asked softly.

"Nothing, I just feel… warm."

He didn't say anything more, but he could notice his own Existence, and it was changing just by being in her embrace. Until now, it had been parched of any golden aura; it had become a dark abyss like an omen of bad luck.

Liyue had also said at some point that the Spirit mentioned the golden aura was luck. So, a lack of it in him could only mean he had bad luck.

But in her embrace, her overwhelming golden aura started to enter him, and he felt inexplicably relaxed. His Existence also devoured that luck as if a man parched in a desert, and she just seemed to provide as much as he wanted.

"I might fall asleep if this goes on…" Han Li stifled a yawn, but Yue Li was surprised.

He was practically clinging on to her as if he had returned to being her little boy from the past. Her heart almost melted.

"Aww~ did Liyue drain you so much yesterday you became such a mess?" she asked, but then suddenly smiled: "That mentioned! I bought something from the resource hall of the temple, something you'd love at this moment."

She put the carving she was working on to the side and, not making him move, took a blue fruit from the drawer beside them. Han Li blinked at the sight of the fruit.

He knew what it was. She ate it, and Han Li smiled wryly without stopping her.

With a big smile on her face, she said, "This fruit is a Water Dao resource. Guess what it does?"

"It makes you lactate for a month or so, right?"

Her face puffed up. "I knew you'd know it."

Han Li sighed, wrapped his hand around her back, and shifted in one clean motion. Her hanfu floated in the air as she was brought into his embrace in the more submissive position. She was obviously more used to this.

"What?" She frowned, looking at his face. "You don't want to try it?"

"I could lay like this forever. But I am in a bit of a hurry today—"

She removed her upper clothes without letting him continue. He stopped and looked at her as her bountiful assets bounced out of her robes and her pink nipples basically brushed against his lips.

He gulped, and his adam's apple bobbed slightly. Then, he began to suckle. She giggled as she felt the tickling sensation of something going from inside her body into his: milk.

His Existence almost burst in color as an exponential amount of golden aura entered into him along with it. With a deep breath, Han Li parted, licking the milk on both sides of his lips.

Indeed, it was water for his soul.

She didn't have to force him to drink anymore and could only giggle as he pushed her onto the bed and began crazily sucking milk from her boobs. Han Li didn't stop it until nearly half an hour later when he felt a bit satisfied. He was indeed a bit thirsty.

He didn't feel ashamed to admit it. Only hypocrites hide their own emotions, even from themselves. If he hated something about himself, he would have changed it long ago, and he was not hateful of any part of him.

"Don't stop to think, just continue for a while longer; I really like this," Yue Li said, "Maybe it's because it has been decades since I did this, but it just… feels so satisfying. Just continue and don't stop. Half an hour—no—just one hour more."

Han Li parted from her nipples and, with milk-covered lips, kissed her.

Yue Li breathed heavily, but then Han Li stood up and pulled her up along with him. He said, "Come. I can't understand anything about this golden aura, and that won't do. Let's have it figured out first before we indulge in ourselves."

His mother was obviously dissatisfied.

"What golden aura?" She humphed. "I know. You don't want me now that you have so many women, do you?"

Han Li sighed. "I really am becoming more mellow by being around you all! I really am!" Then, he growled, "Just dress up, let's go!"

His mother was a bit frightened by the growl and dressed up gloomily. He hadn't ordered her around like that for quite a long time.

When she was properly dressed, she gave him a punch in his stomach and said, "Don't think you can growl at me. Humph. Go do whatever you want. If that's the case, why are you here in the first place?" she stopped, but then added, "I thought you would devote more time to Liyue for at least a while."

Not that she minded it.

Before she could say anything more, she felt her legs rising into the air, and Han Li had taken her into a princess carry. Then, he was on his way.

"You really are a bit rushed… So what's this about?" she asked, "What is this golden aura you spoke of?"

Han Li opened the door and walked quickly out of the room, answering her in voice transmission as he went: "Of course, you seem to be shining like a sun in my sight. Literally."

"Oh, fufu. You shine like that in my eyes, too, so don't worry!"

Han Li smiled as he went towards where Liyue should be. Only the Spirit could tell him everything—he would have to read its memories.

***

Soon enough, Han Li was in one particular room, and many of his women were there, and in the middle was Liyue, already mixed up in another little conflict.

She had come here saying she would research why Ruo had a different aura around her Existence, but she was now in a fierce fight—of chess.

Yue Li's eyes lit up as Han Li entered the wide room and closed the door behind him. After Han Li read her memories, he introduced many things into this world that hadn't been there before. Chess was one of those many things.

In voice transmission, he asked, "Mom, do you ever miss Earth?"

Yue Li shook her head. "I used to when I first transmigrated. Not anymore. This is my home, far more than Earth had ever been and ever would be."

She still remembered that day when Han Li woke up out of his daze after reading her memory. The first thing he did was to look at her with disappointment for not having used any of her knowledge from Earth until that point.

He had called her a failure of a transmigrator.

Which she still remembered. Bastard.

She just happened to be a bit dumb. What can she do about it?

She created a son smarter than herself, right? Wasn't that smart by itself?

Humph. This junior didn't know the immensity of the heavens.

As Han Li entered the room, the energy in the room naturally changed. It became charged.

Every single beautiful gaze moved and focused on him except Ruo and Liyue, who were in a heated battle. They were seated on the ground, and Han Li walked till he sat in the middle of the chessboard, to the side of the fighters.

In the room, there were five people, excluding Han Li and his mother. Liyue, Ruo, Li Yao, Wei Yuanfen, and Hua Feilan. All of them had been either playing board games or meditating all day. If they grew bored, they would go into the waterfall some distance from here for a bath.

Liyue didn't look away from the board but asked, "Did you find out about the golden stuff, Big Broth—Hubby?"

"Not really. I didn't waste time researching it by myself. We'll ask the knowledgeable ones, no need to steam our heads for it."

Liyue nodded and moved her queen to the front, killing off Ruo's queen.

Ruo was calm and from a different area, brought her rook to kill Liyue's queen. Smirking, Liyue placed a bishop onto the side. "Checkmate."

Han Li grimaced as Ruo moved one of her pawns, which Liyue hadn't noticed. The move removed her own checkmate while trapping Liyue's king. Ruo calmly said, "Counter checkmate."

Liyue groaned. "I'd have won if I was the one playing from the start!" She had taken over the game her mother was playing; she wasn't the one who had played the board from the start.

Ruo yawned, hiding her mouth with a hand. "Surely, you'll have won."

Yue Li was on Han Li's lap. He let her sit to the side before he focused his gaze on one particular person in the room.

"Li Yao, come here," he called.

The slim woman in monk robes, looking at the chessboard with a contemplative face, blinked and tilted her head. "That's mother-in-law for you. But what?"

"How has your archery training been going recently?"

Han Li had chosen Archery for Li Yao for a reason; she had keen eyes. It would be too much of a waste not to use it.

He hadn't been looking into their individual training as he had been researching how to gain his own Beast Core for a while.

The basics had already been taught years ago, and the rest was just filling in the blanks anyway. She could learn by herself.

Li Yao smirked. "As good as what a normal woman can become with three years of training—with a professional trainer."

Han Li nodded.

He planned to do many things today.

Only Liyue had some ideas about his plans, but she didn't say anything and rearranged the chessboard. "Ruo, I bet you this. If I lose this game, I will bow down and call you invincible."

Ruo scratched her white eyebrows. "What is the use of you calling me invincible?"

Liyue scoffed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216 - 216: Speaking in a room
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Liyue and Ruo once again focused on their chess game, Li Yao moved beside Han Li and sat to his left side. Yue Li was on the right, and before him was the duo of Liyue and Ruo in the middle of a witty battle.

Wei Yuanfen and Hua Feilan sat to the side, both exchanging glances. They were the ones with the most shallow relationship with Han Li, after all, and they knew it. Even though it was not awkward because they were all familiar with each other, both of them still subconsciously compared themselves to each other.

Taking inventory of everyone with a glance aimed at their eyes, Han Li brought all attention in the room to himself, except for the duo playing chess.

Han Li placed a hand on the chessboard, and Ruo and Liyue looked at him.

"None of you are people I don't trust. You are all people I rather enjoy being with. And no need to look around; that includes you too, Hua Feilan."

Hua Feilan blinked. She was the tallest person in the room—taller than even Han Li—and when all of their gazes focused on her, she felt her gaze falter.

Clearing her throat, she nodded.

She was not inexperienced in dealing with the gaze of a crowd; she used to run a matchmaker service before she became Han Li's disciple, after all.

Liyue sneakily took his hand and placed it out of the chessboard.

Ruo moved a pawn and said in passing, "But I'd say not to do that."

"Hm…" Surprised, Han Li paused. "You mean?"

"You have too many women. How can you trust them all?" Ruo frowned as one of her rooks was killed. "I don't mean to offend anyone here, but they're all like horny rabbits after your affection. I don't know. I have a feeling that if you were to die, you are bound to die in an internal conflict rather than an external one.

"Maybe one of your women who you trust so much would backstab you perhaps?"

Yue Li and Liyue looked at Ruo with a gaze filled with displeasure.

"That's not so kind, Ruo." Even Hua Feilan was frowning.

Han Li wasn't offended but intrigued.

It was not that he hadn't considered it himself; after all, he was a man, in his own opinion, with only one weakness: His women.

Of course, he had always known the risks attached to it. He was sure the only people whom he genuinely cared about wouldn't do anything untoward to him, but The Spirit was a clear example of how his trust could backfire.

Had it had more time and had Liyue not been so blessed with all that she had—it could have ended up crazy.

He would have only fallen deeper and deeper in love with 'Liyue,' who was actually the Spirit, and when the Spirit had enough of using him to her agendas, she would probably get rid of him or go do her own devices.

One had to be pragmatic even in love. Being a cynic wouldn't help him gain actual worthwhile relationships, but being naive wasn't his style.

He'd rather not have too many things going on in his back; he had already been a bit too loose with his heart. Han Li liked being sure about things. Only then could he not look back into his backyard and focus all his attention on cultivation.

"Why do you say that?" To Ruo, he asked.

This woman he had countless untold feelings towards was a weird person. She didn't talk much and was always doing something. Her only friend outside his circle of women was Shin Wenyu, Monk Hen Shin's disciple.

She was not far too different from the Ruo in his memories. She was even still attached to Yue Li like a daughter to a mother.

The only difference was he hadn't been able to win her heart like in the past life.

Ruo was like a free bird, flying in the air with her wings wide and looking at everything with the gaze of a spectator. Even her Existence was akin to a bird at rest, ready to fly.

She knew he loved her—everybody knew—but she had never spoken anything about it. Even when he tried to mention it in the past, she just escaped with some kind of blatant excuse like "Mother Yue told me not to talk with you for a day. Let's talk tomorrow!"

Gracefully tucking a strand of her white hair behind her ears, she moved another piece in the board.

"That's why I said I don't want to offend anyone." She sighed, "You guys immediately grow worked up when I speak badly about him—Especially Liyue and… Mother Yue, You."

Yue Li frowned still, and Liyue was a mirror image.

Liyue's moves itself grew a bit aggressive, and one by one, Ruo started to lose her pawns.

Ruo was calm. Even her brown eyes were just as watery as ever. Han Li looked at her with a smile; she really was a beautiful woman—maybe it was because he was looking with his own eyes.

Her long and curly white hair fell to her hips, her skin was a fire white, and brown eyes that glinted like gold stood in her eyes, with a very curious glint hidden inside.

Ruo had taken all of Han Li's women as her teacher figures, and throughout her growth, she had been showered with affection. The monks considered her a part of themselves—even when she blatantly didn't cut her own hair—while Han Li's circle considered her a part of theirs.

She had learned to be curious from Hua Yu. She had learned from the monks to be wary of her own desires, and she had learned to be pragmatic and cautious from Han Li himself.

She was the only one who would daringly call Yue Li a "Fool" other than Han Li without even thinking twice. Li Yao should have influenced that.

And all of this was not even Han Li's observation. It had all been noted by herself, and she was the one who saw it all in herself. She must have learned to judge people like that from the obstinate Monk, Hen Shin.

That was his observation. Nobody ever needed to teach her all this audibly; she just watched with wide eyes from an inconspicuous place and then nodded to herself when someone did an actual good job in every circumstance, in her opinion.

When they do something stupid, she shakes her head and sighs: "What a dumbass…"

So, in her opinion, Han Li was doing something stupid for her to speak. Or she would have just continued playing her games without letting him interrupt.

"You say you don't want to offend anyone." Han Li smiled and reached out to pat her head. "Yet you say an offensive thing about me behind my back?"

Ruo sighed, feeling the protective palm over her head.

"You always do that... It's so annoying."

She then took his hand and placed it over Liyue's head—now he couldn't even take it and put it back on top of her head. Thus, he just patted Liyue's head, who seemed to stop frowning because of that.

"Anyway," Ruo continued on her earlier point. Looking at Han Li, "You know what? You have that weird power to bind people in promises, right? The one you used on Sister Feilan when you met her for the first time. I myself would have bound everyone here in at least a binding that says they can't betray anyone you care for without verbally telling you—everything would remain civil at least."

Han Li's ability to use Heart Qi bindings was an open secret among the circle of Han Li's women. Even though they didn't really know that it was Heart Qi itself.

Hearing Ruo's words, Yue Li gave a little smack on the back of Ruo's head, and the girl grimaced in grievance.

"Mother Yue… Why? I am speaking reason!" she said, feeling wronged, rubbing her head: "Now he only has you guys around, but he doesn't seem to have any plans to stop. It won't be like this when he has a bunch of horny women around him who want him for themselves—I bet you will all regret it when it actually ends badly."

Yue Li scoffed. "That smack was for acting like a smart ass. And Xiao Li, I've told you before, but don't touch her if she doesn't want to be touched—even if it is a simple pat."

Ruo purred, "It's not that serious. And again, I don't need you to speak for me, Mom. I know the language."

Wei Yuanfen chuckled from the side, broken out of her daze.

"Really. One thing she said was right on point, though. Master even tried to get me, his disciple… on his bed once. He has no intentions to stop—"

"And you will be on his bed in some more time." Liyue interjected, "Don't be too shameless! I know you love him, witch. How dare you talk bad about him. Shameless, shameless, too shameless! I'll watch you moan under him one day, you bet."

Wei Yuanfen blushed.

"Who said that I love him?"

Her short hair especially stood out in the room full of long-haired women, and she blinked nervously as Han Li threw her a silent glare.

He was taking in everyone's reactions with clear curiosity.

Hua Feilan remained silent, but feeling awkward, she said, "I don't mind entering in a binding that confirms we can't betray each other. It just gives us more confidence, right? We can all trust each other even if no emotional attachment is considered.

"Isn't it… good to have that? To trust others with no limits considered—not to trust, but to know that you won't betray me."

Li Yao nodded to that.

"Indeed, I also support it. It's the rational thing to do with all the people he considered his women. At least, it is better in my opinion."

Ruo nodded at Hua Feilan and Li Yao as if they were the only smart ones in the room.

Liyue smirked and moved a chess piece.

She said calmly, "Checkmate."

Ruo looked at the board, and her cute face changed slightly.

"You must have cheated when I wasn't looking!"

It was the first time Liyue saw Ruo so flustered.

That made her sure that it had indeed been a good idea to cheat.

"We can trust each other even without your 'oh so smart idea,'" Liyue looked at Han Li's hand still resting above her head. "He just has to keep trustworthy women around us. Only people we trust. Or don't even bother with them—he can tell them apart fine enough. I trust all of you."

Ruo calmed down and shrugged.

"Your enemies don't 'betray' you, people you consider friends do. You should read some books, Liyue!" She shook her head, "Naive idiots. This is why I hate talking with you all, a bunch of true idiots."

Yue Li pinched her ears, but Ruo only growled.

"You are a fool too, Mom! The biggest fool. I bet you will be the most heartbroken when someone stabs your son on his back, and you could have prevented it."

Yue Li faltered there. She was obviously supportive of the idea now.

Han Li suddenly laughed softly, unable to hold himself back, and pinched Ruo's cheek.

That made her puff in irritation.

"I was here to talk about exactly that, too." He nodded smilingly. "It would be better to have some safety measures in place so that someone couldn't impersonate one of you—or even me."

He took his hand from Liyue's head and Ruo's cheek before growing serious.

All grew subconsciously... silent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217 - 217: I want to create a Se..
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I was here to talk about exactly that, too." He nodded smilingly. "It would be better to have some safety measures in place so that someone couldn't impersonate one of you—or even me."

Liyue nodded like an obedient kitten from in front of him. He smirked at her, and she grew red in the face; she had been rather against the idea of binding all of them in a Heart Qi bond, after all.

"I like being around all of you." Han Li began. "Or I wouldn't have bothered with all this. I do trust all of you to a high degree. And don't pull that 'I am looking at an idiot' look on me, Ruo; I get what you mean about my own issues and why I can't have blind trust; we'll discuss that later."

Many nodded while Ruo blinked. Her eyes changed into one saying: Maybe not that stupid in the end.

"To begin with, let me get you on track with this. I don't plan to buy your affection with a bond that states you could never leave my side—I am selfish when thinking about you bunch, but not to that degree. If you don't like me, you can leave at any moment, but just, you will have to keep your mouth shut about anything that you learn from us."

Most took the words in stride, but Hua Feilan was obviously a bit uncomfortable.

Was Han Li saying that he considered her as his own, too? Did his 'I am selfish when thinking about you bunch' include her?

Han Li noticed her dilemma, but he didn't address it.

"I don't wish to snatch away your free will. That's a sacred thing. If you are uncomfortable and don't want to see my face, you can leave at any point. But regardless, never do something that is a fundamental betrayal against me and my people.

"We won't do anything that is fundamentally against your existence either. As in, if we plan something and you would have to lose your life to accomplish it—we will re-consider.

"This is as much as I want out of this promise, and those who are against it may leave. Now. You don't have to consider my feelings or any of the others. Think of only yourselves and do whatever you want to do.

"I don't really wish to be your chains. If I can, I wish to be your wings. So that's my cue, and if you are against it—you may leave. That's it."

The first to raise their hands was Ruo.

"I am against it. Not really. I do wish to be a part of this whole secret thing, but I am not one of your women. So how does that work? Is it solely for your harem?"

She admired Han Li, as he had always been one of the few from whom she always had something new to learn. Han Li was an enigma to her, and his interest in her was as plain as daylight.

Ruo knew he loved her—he was really passionate about her.

His eyes always had a different shine when he looked at her. She could read the room.

He had never refused any of her requests. He had never kicked her into any cold pond like he had done all the others in the room, even though she, too, was practically one of his disciples, too.

Han Li treated her differently. As if she was a delicate doll that could break easily.

She respected him, but that was respect. She was not interested in becoming one of his harem members.

She felt no interest in what a relationship represented in the first place.

It never even crossed her mind when she was not faced with the prospect of a relationship like now, where she was in a room full of His women.

She might have been a bit interested in trying the feeling out if he was looking straight at her; he was always looking past her at something she was not.

Han Li was always looking at her with so much guilt that it practically made interacting with him a bit of a chore.

As Monk Hen Shin had said often, she should rather walk around and enjoy the mountains instead of spending time with a person who was obviously not even looking at 'her' but an image of 'her' that he seemed to have.

Han Li sighed, looking at Ruo. He could read her thoughts in her eyes.

His guilt was like smoke; it was in his heart, but Ruo had no memories of why it would be pointed at her. Like thorns stuck deep in the throat, he couldn't really push aside the feelings.

Ruo was a person who was with him at his lowest. She had seen him as her everything. She and his Mother were his worlds—until his mother died of her lifespan shortage, and Ruo was played into suicide.

If she regained her memories, how would she look at him at this moment?

Probably with teasing warmness. She was not that different from the Ruo at this moment, but they were also subtly and profoundly different. It boggled him how memories were what made a person.

Wasn't he his memories, too?

Wasn't memories what made a person who they are?

He could see everyone's Existence. An Existence itself was basically a bundle of memories that created the soul of a person. It was—themselves.

Was he expecting Ruo to be the same as the Ruo of the past timeline… Is it just impossible..?

This life's Ruo had a different life after all. Her memories were different. She was even half a monk.

In his past life, he and Ruo had been like siblings under the care of Yue Li as they grew up. In this life, he was the most mature one, and he was the one caring for them all—his own mother included.

He smiled despite himself and cleared Ruo's doubt.

"Of course, you don't have to see me as the central field of how everything worked. What I am trying to build here at this moment, at least, is not just for my harem. I plan to build a community—a Sect."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218 - 218: Gathering to become a group
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Of course, you don't have to see me as the central field of how everything worked. What I am trying to build here at this moment, at least, is not just for my harem. I plan to build a community—a Sect.

"We won't be as strong as the four Great Sects, who have their own Transcendent Stage cultivators—yet—but don't worry about that.

"And don't consider accepting this binding as having an obligation to sleep with me. This is a community where we can freely trust each other with no bars attached. In fact, by being in this bind, you have nothing to lose and everything to gain. Let's call it a sect indeed."

And he would also have something exceptional to gain because of it. Not only would he gain a completely trustworthy team of companions, but he would also be able to achieve his own full potential.

The Lust Dao now coursed inside him, and with that, he could do many things, and for it to reach its full potential, he would need partners. Of course, he hadn't revealed everything in his mind yet.

Everyone grew contemplative, and Ruo, especially, grew silent.

It was that look again. Han Li had once more looked at her that way, a look that seemed to be looking past her instead of at her.

The room grew a bit depressed.

Liyue smiled gracefully, and the room seemed to brighten immediately. Even Ruo felt the slight stuffy feeling in her chest vanish.

In her soft voice, Liyue said, "Big Brother. So you do plan to make a sect in the end—even though you told me you didn't want to create a sect once."

Sighing, he nodded. "I changed my mind."

Wei Yuanfen, the ignorant one of the worldly matters, mumbled a question to Li Yao, "What is a sect?"

"Idiot, don't interfere with my thought process when the brat is saying something interesting."

"Miss Li Yao, you are so much like your daughter. Has anyone ever said that? Both are very… annoying." Yuanfen grumbled. "Just answer."

Liyue threw her a one-eyed squint.

Li Yao threw her an irritated glance and said calmly:

"A sect is a place where many people—unbothered of their origins—join together. It is like a family bond by rules rather than bloodline.

"In the Sacred Lust Continent, there are only four sects, and they are called the Greats.

"If we try to start another one, the Transcendent heads of those places will come and hunt us down. So even though Han Li seems nonchalant, his words are shockingly bold.

"He wants to create a sect right under the nose of the Greats and with only his harem in it as of now if my guess is correct."

Han Li nodded at them. That was nearly the entirety of the picture. Nearly.

"So, what's the name of this particular sect you are building?" Li Yao questioned while noting that none of the women in the room seemed worried except Hua Feilan, who had grown stiff at the mention of building a sect.

Ignorance was indeed bliss. The others didn't know what a Transcendent aiming against their heads meant. If their building a sect ever got out as news—they would make an enemy of the whole world.

Transcendents were the lords, the gods ruling over the continent. They were the epitome of the current power.

Even Hen Shin won't dare protect them after Transcendents aim at their lives. They'll be dead in days. The world would turn upside down from this dreamy situation.

Blood would wash the grounds red—beauties would become skeletons. What was Han Li thinking? He was not one to be reckless, at least.

"Name of the sect…" Han Li dragged. Then, he smiled. "Let's name it the…"

Before he could say his idea, Yue Li recommended a name with a quaint smile, "Lust Villa."

Seeing her smile irked something inside Han Li and made him break a smile at the same time. She was still the same in both his timelines—his little constant.

He pulled her onto his lap; she was a bit surprised but got comfortable quickly. Even purring slightly without any shame or consideration that others were looking.

"Don't suggest another name." He kissed the top of her head. "You obviously suck at it, you just have to sit there and please me with your antiques. I'll do the thinking in important details."

Yue Li clicked her tongue, slightly irritated that he was mocking her intelligence again—even though she had become so much better—but she could feel how caringly he was holding her, and that made her relaxed.

Han Li was tall enough to put his jaw above her head, and he rested it there.

Liyue seemed to be bursting with a fantastic idea for a name and when he looked at her, she immediately said proudly, "Hidden Existence Sect. We'll be like a hidden force in the dark that no one expects, but we will still conquer the world from the backseat… Right from underneath the rug.

"We won't have to worry about the Great Sects either, as we will keep everything in the dark."

Wei Yuanfen cleared her throat. "For my rival, that's a good one; I like it, Hidden Existence, but I have a suggestion. Master, If you are making a sect, I'd say you should consider naming it the Temple of Goddesses, as it is predominantly women—in number, I mean. And you could attract more women for you to bed."

"What a disgusting name," Ruo interjected with a bratty snort, already having forgotten the earlier incident. "I don't want to be part of a sect with any of those cringe-worthy names. We should name it the Rising Fools. It is a profound name. By naming it that, we are acknowledging that we are all fools, but then, we are also becoming non-fools by agreeing that we are fools."

Everyone promptly ignored her and focused on Han Li. She growled.

The people who hadn't given their ideas were busy thinking about the consequences rather than naming it something fun. Creating a sect was no joke. Names didn't matter if you ended up dead! What if the secret goes out?

Han Li rubbed his jaws and gave his own piece: "Demon Paradise. We will keep this name, and that's it. And I have my reasons."

"Lame," Ruo said unhesitantly.

"I like it, simple and elegant," Liyue said with a nod while also throwing a chess piece accurately at Ruo's forehead.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219 - 219: Lame.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Lame," Ruo said unhesitantly.

"I like it, simple and elegant," Liyue said with a nod while also throwing a chess piece accurately at Ruo's forehead.

Ruo suppressed another growl. She couldn't mess with this particular big sister too much. She wasn't Han Li or Yue Li; Liyue would probably beat her up if she acted too cocky.

Hua Feilan spoke up this time, not asking about the sect business.

"I am all for the promise, and I am ready to enter the binding. I… just have one question. I don't even mind becoming a part of this Paradise as long as I won't be forced to do something I don't want to. I just have one question."

Han Li looked at her. She looked back at him, unflinching.

"I have not one, but two questions. Sorry for that, but may I know why Hua Yu is not a part of this discussion?

"…And I still don't know—even as her best friend—what your relationship is with her.

"Are you guys romantically attracted? In a relationship? Or are you guys in a hateful relationship? My mind boggles. I know it could be a private thing, but I've known Hua Yu for decades, and we are not the type to keep secrets from each other.

"And if she is excluded from this extremely important meeting for no reason, I'd like to leave as well. Honestly, I respect you a lot, but Han Li, if that much is the respect you give to a woman who is tied to you—I can't see myself being any different.

"I won't lie to myself as there is no need to. I like you, and I do feel attracted. Why bother? I feel like if you had asked me, I might have slept with you without a question. I still want to be more of a prominent figure in this room, and that's my attraction to you talking.

"But I'd like to know why Hua Yu isn't here before I enter into this sect business—which is clearly dangerous."

Ruo smiled from the side.

"Ah, the so-mighty-Brother Han won't actually be afraid of Big Sister Hua Yu because she is the only woman around you who is stronger than you, would he? I won't be surprised, honestly. He is a cynic."

She prodded Yue Li and said, "Mom, look, he does have flaws. He is not invincible. But if I say it out loud, it's as if I have done something of a great offense. I get that you all love him, but you are all so shallow; how can a person grow without knowing their flaws? You guys are such… crass fools."

She shrugged at all the unfriendly eyes on her, especially Liyue was looking at her as if she was genuinely mad this time.

"Ruo, if you respect me, shut up. Don't speak a word in this meeting anymore. You are still too immature."

Ruo's eyes grew obviously shadowed. Yet, she didn't speak. For all her arrogant words, she respected everyone in the room as her elders. Especially Liyue—she really considered Liyue to be her actual big sister.

Han Li ignored Ruo's taunts for now and leaned forward, closer to Hua Feilan's face, his eyes bright.

"That's one way to confess you have feelings for me. And don't worry about Hua Yu. She is not someone who requires you to be worried about—and I and her are partners. Moreover, I bet she knows what's going on here—that woman is too curious not to know everything happening around the temple."

Hua Feilan's cheeks reddened because of his close proximity, but she didn't fawn at him. She just nodded.

"I am in. So what am I now, part of the Paradise?"

Han Li smirked.

"Since no one wishes to leave, let's establish some ground rules and begin the sect first."

***

"Rule one: What happens in Paradise stays in Paradise."

"Rule two: We don't support backstabbing or unnecessary maliciousness inside the Paradise. If some kind of irreconcilable conflict occurs between the two here, they will be handled by the Master of the Sect and the top authority—Me."

"Rule Three:…"

The rules were clear.

No one could betray each other out of maliciousness. Yet, other than true betrayal, everyone had their own freedom, and nobody restricted their actions in the true essence.

They were not Han Li's puppets. They had full autonomy of themselves but they could think whatever they wanted to think. But they couldn't act against any of the members of the sect maliciously while knowing they were part of the sect.

With Han Li's experience, creating a set of laws without any loopholes that didn't restrict anyone's true freedom at all was not especially hard. The position of the Sect Master did command more respect than the other members but it was not to the point of slavery.

And thus, The Demon Paradise was born.

Han Li had become a Sect master. If the world knew, Transcendents would probably send killers after him already.

The Sect's first members were: Yue Li, Liyue, Li Yao, Hua Feilan, Wei Yuanfen, and Ruo.

The sect had just been established and it still needed a lot of work to be a functional weapon in Han Li's hand. Regardless, for now, everyone in the room entered into a Heart Qi binding and Han Li could feel locks being placed into them.

It was not really an ordinary Heart Qi Binding either. He was much better at using Heart Qi after sensing his own Existence and so, he could create a sort of Heart Qi Binding that would warn the bound people without outright hurting them first.

If they were close to breaking a law, they themselves would be warned by a sort of pain—they would be warned (You are close to going against the laws).

As the caster of the binding, he himself would also feel that their binding was being strained. It was indeed similar to how a sect functioned.

Just that the sect would require absolute patriotism.

After everything was settled, he clenched his hand around his mother's waist, and seeing that he was filled with some foreign emotion, she patted his hand gently, soothing him where no others noticed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220 - 220: Little new Powers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After all the promises were given and everyone was bound, all of them exchanged a glance with each other. Han Li himself looked at them and he had to say, he felt much more relaxed being in this place now.

All of them were people he could trust blindly.

"If one of you ever wants to leave the Paradise and wants to keep out of it, I won't act against you," he said sincerely, "and if you ever want to leave, you may leave. The binding doesn't include a law that requires you to be part of us forever, as you all must have noticed."

Many nodded. They were a family now and the room in itself felt weird. Cozy.

Hua Feilan was probably the most affected, as Han Li noticed her hands were trembling. He sighed inwardly. For a woman with the moniker 'Friend of All Women,' she really was a rather vulnerable person inwardly.

She had a hard time actually putting trust in anyone. She had an extensive connection of friends, her circle was wide but not deep. Indeed, a friend of all was an enemy to oneself.

She must be feeling right at home now.

He smiled at her and she clenched her hand, stopping the trembling. She asked, "So Sect Master, what is the goal of our sect? The grand goal that we are all after."

Han Li took the king piece from the chess board and placed it in the middle of the board.

"Our goal is taking control over Life and Death. We have to surpass mortality. It doesn't matter if I myself become the person at the end who does this—one of us just has to achieve it. And that person will be obligated to revive the others."

"Grand goals," Ruo mumbled from the side, glancing at Liyue out of the corner of her eyes. "Can I praise him at least?"

Liyue glared at her and she shut up. Then showed her tongue to Liyue in a mocking gesture. Liyue stifled a smile and looked at her Brother Han.

"So I will begin the first act of the Paradise on a good note."

He made his mother sit to the side and stood up. He gave Li Yao a hand and she stood up by pulling on it. Liyue clenched her hand in excitement from the side, she could clearly guess his next actions.

"You are all up for a surprise," Liyue warned them. "Bet you will all pee your pants in admiration."

Everyone became even more curious as they glanced at Han Li and Li Yao.

Han Li didn't do anything special and adjusted his mother-in-law's rather ruffled monk robes for starters. He then kissed her gently on the mouth, and for a long, awkward minute, they just silently made out in front of each other without any intention of doing anything.

Ruo mocked, "I am so surprised I peed myself."

Liyue blushed in shame and stormed to Ruo's side before strangling the girl in a chokehold. Ruo wanted to escape but in the end, she resignedly found out that Liyue had far better martial skills.

She could only cry injustice. Why had she been so incapable of shutting her mouth?

Ruo looked at Yue Li for help. "Mom! Help, please help me from this madwoman!"

"How dare you call your big sister that! Beg for forgiveness on the ground and I might let you go!"

"I didn't do anything bad! I just spoke facts!"

Yue Li chuckled from the side without bothering and looked at Han Li and Li Yao who were still kissing each other without any care in the world. Han Li's hand was not even on her waist any longer but on her butt.

Liyue didn't let Ruo go from her chokehold and said with a smile, "Hubby, you can sleep with Mom later to release your desires. Now, do the other thing you were about to."

Han Li broke away from the kiss, and their saliva made a bridge between them.

Liyue heard audible gulps from the side. It was Wei Yuanfeng and Hua Feilan. Ruo commented softly from her chokehold, "Kek. Horny women."

That made Liyue laugh. But she immediately betrayed Ruo.

"Look, Sister Feilan, Sister Yuanfen, this little devil is calling you horny."

Two pairs of angry eyes looked at Ruo, and the girl said in exasperation, "Big Sister Liyue. I have been wrong; please let me go. I'll go play with Shin Wenyu outside."

"Shut up and watch. Brother Han is about to do something special."

Ruo moved her eyes towards Han Li and Li Yao. They were still clinging to each other, but only Li Yao had her eyes opened.

Han Li seemed to be contemplating something and, after a long second, opened his eyes.

Li Yao was stunned and said, "Brat…" before she shut her eyes.

Everyone in the room was filled with intrigue. Even Liyue, who had a guess of what was going on, was silent and wide-eyed.

With a soft gulp, Li Yao opened her eyes.

She looked into Han Li's red eyes, her brownish back pupils wide.

"Bring it out. Let them see."

Her hands, which were wrapped around his neck, became a bit weak at the smile, but she didn't disgrace herself at this particular moment. She stepped a foot away from him and held out her hand.

A cultivator first had to acquire a Spark if they didn't have any. She didn't have any.

She opened her fair palm in front of everyone.

After they gained a Spark, they had to Awaken three times and bring the Spark out of their Empty Space into the real world.

A red spark lit up above Li Yao's palm and floated there. She had Awakened three times successfully. Above her palm was a Spark—Lust Spark.

She was now an Awakening Stage Cultivator.

In Han Li's perception, he could sense her like a bright sun in the night sky. He didn't even have to use Soul Sense or their Heart Qi bond.

In the entire world, everyone with a Lust Dao Spark or a Lust Dao Soul was in his perception, he could sense them as if they were little ants crawling through his senses.

He could sense each and every one of them. All of them were people who practiced his Dao, after all. He could, of course, also give permission to use his Dao's Magic Powers to the others to practice.

He was the owner of Lust Dao and of course, he could the Lust Spark to anyone he wished.

Of course, he could charge them Dao Crystals for using his Magical Powers too; just like the Heavens did.

Everyone who used a Lust Dao Magic Power had to pay him Dao Crystal.

The Dao was his, his alone—and he had full power over it. He could even change the word for summoning the Magic Power if he wanted to.

For example, Seduction was one of the 300 Talents of the Lust Dao. If someone said the chant for it, they would be able to use it—he could decide if he wanted to let them use it, and he could also make them pay up for using it.

There was much more to this than just that but he didn't ponder over it for now. He had to clear other more important things first before he could enter a long seclusion and clear all of his doubts.

But he had a thought. Didn't all this power with just Lust Dao also mean that if he gained the entire Life Great Dao…

All the Daos under Life Great Dao would become his workers making Dao Cystals?

There was much to ponder.

Han Li gulped, savoring the graceful taste of his mother-in-law's lips.

"Don't worry, this is just the start of your cultivation, Li Yao. I want every one of my women to be exceptional, exceptional beyond anyone. So this is just your start—and you have a long way to go."

Li Yao leaned up and kissed him.

Liyue said, "The hottest man in the world. Damn, now I am horny."

"You always were." Ruo mocked.

Yue Li smiled and came closer to pinch Ruo's cheek.

"So cheeky. But that's why I love you. Liyue, poor girl, let her go."

Ruo nodded in enthusiasm and Liyue scoffed as she let her go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221 - 221: Wenyu
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Night had fallen, and the temple was washed in a gauzy layer of moonlight. The tall pagodas stood straight against the sky, their contours lit.

Ruo walked up the steps of one particular pagoda with springy steps. She was humming as she walked, and the darkness didn't bother her the slightest—She was an Awakened, and they had clear vision at night.

She soon reached a winding corridor inside the pagoda and saw a closed sliding door. Humming to herself, she opened the door and stormed into the room. As she had expected, a woman was meditating near the window of the room, looking down at the world.

A mischievous smile adorning her lips, she soundlessly closed the door and walked on tip-toes to the side of the woman. She whispered into the woman's ears, "Oh my princess, your Han Li has arrived."

The woman had goosebumps all over her body and opened her eyes.

"Argh, Ruo, I've told you so much not to do that…" she said irritantly and flopped onto the tatami floor. Ruo was a bit surprised; the woman's face was pale.

Ruo herself looked pale, but this woman used to look olive. "Wenyu, what happened to your face? You haven't been around for a while—haven't seen you since Big Sister Liyue's wedding."

The woman was Shin Wenyu, Monk Hen Shin's disciple.

Shin Wenyu blinked, feeling her heart ache, before she smiled.

"Nothing. I watched the wedding from here—rain, clothes made of fire, it was grand. Liyue looked amazing, too."

Ruo sulked. "We had amazing food down there, too. My Mother Yue made us some as a treat after Liyue and Han Li entered their room—I wanted to share some with you. You said you liked meat after all; it would have been funny to see the reaction of the monks as they see you eat meat."

Shin Wenyu sighed. Ruo sat down beside her on the floor and squinted out at the window.

Looking out through the window, she could see the sight of the temple ground outside, and it was amazing. She whistled at the moonlight-bathed pagodas and small buildings, monks, and some of her Big Sisters that she could see from here.

They were like ants. Heh.

Looking back at Wenyu, she said right away, "You are such a trash woman. No wonder Han Li doesn't care for you."

Shin Wenyu looked at Ruo with a pained expression. "Really?"

"You have no selling point, my dear friend. You became so envious of Big Sister Liyue that you didn't want to face anyone in the marriage, right?" Ruo said, "It's true that you have a crush on him, and it is pretty admirable that you are capable of showing it—you even grew your hair out for him. But that envy is pathetic."

The woman had even grown paler due to envy. Such a stupid thing.

Was that even possible? Ruo wondered.

Shin Wenyu looked sideways at Ruo, then at a mirror by their side. She had long black hair, fair olive skin that was a bit paler now, and gentle grey eyes. She was rather pretty—not nearly as attractive as Liyue but on the same tier as Li Yao.

She was even a good cultivator with more than decent talent. She even had a Mermaid Transformation Dao Soul, and she could breathe underwater after she transformed. She was rather great, right?

That was a great selling point! Any man would want her… but not the man she wanted.

"I used to be pretty confident in myself, you know?" she lamented, "But your Big Brother Han won't even look at me twice. He is so cold. And you are so lucky, Ruo; he would probably die for you. Ah, I wish I were you. I could've just gone ahead and kissed him, and he would probably be delighted." She repeated, "Ah, I wish I were you."

Ruo blinked, then said matter of factly with a nod. "That's normal. If I weren't me, I too would have wished to be me."

Shin Wenyu looked at her with a sigh. "You are such an enigma too. How can you resist him so easily? I'd have fallen on his bed on day two. Ah, how I wish he would wrap his hands around me and pin me down on the bed."

"I am not horny like you. I am not resisting—I am ignoring."

"I am not horny, don't belittle my feelings, I am in love."

"Why are you in love with him?"

"He looks so handsome. His body is such a masterpiece—and he is so caring of people that he is so considerate to his own women. And to the others? Uh, so cold. He is such a dynamic person with so much substance to him. I just want to be hugged, kissed, cared for… you won't get it."

Ruo shrugged. "Maybe just go to his room when nobody is around and lock the door, then strip? I doubt he would reject you if you are proactive enough."

Shin Wenyu stood up and walked to her bed. Then jumped into it.

"I don't want that kind of relationship, Ruo. I am a pure maiden who has her own wishes."

Ruo rolled her eyes. "'Urges' would be a better term than 'wishes.'"

"You won't realize it till you fall in love yourself." Shin Wenyu hugged a pillow and looked at it longingly. "Don't you see his eyes when he looks at Liyue or his Mother? That's what I want, too. If I ask, will your Mother Yue also adopt me as her daughter?"

Ruo grew defensive. "Don't you dare involve her in your stupid pursuit. I would help you otherwise, but I am out if you try to use my Mom in something like that."

"Why?" Shin Wenyu smiled. "So you do feel jealous about some things, my dear friend. You don't want another person to be considered your Mother's daughter, do you?"

Ruo looked at her with scorn. "Mom considers Liyue as her daughter too. Don't put me in the same class as you. I don't feel such reasonless envy or jealousy—this young mistress is an enlightened person."

"Enlightened…" Shin Wenyu couldn't help but feel guilt rise up within her. "My master must be so disappointed in me… I fell in love, I grew my hair, I even eat meat now. I am such a bad person. No wonder Brother Han doesn't want me."

Ruo smiled and stood up. "Well, something interesting happened today. Maybe you should try to be more proactive now—Han Li would soon leave the temple."

Shin Wenyu paled and sat up. "Leave?! Why?!"

"Not 'Why?' but 'Where?'" Ruo jumped out of the room and ran down the pagoda. Her voice echoed in: "He spoke something with Monk Hen Shin. The old baldie agreed that he would help Han Li use Teleportation for once. If he leaves, I'll probably leave with him, too.

"I would like it if you were with me, so go and try to kiss him or something, I am rooting for you. And don't go tonight, as he is busy with something with Hua Feilan and Hua Yu."

Shin Wenyu was left in a stupor. Then, she bit her lips.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222 - 222: Eyes that see the soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the night peaked, Han Li entered Liyue's room. She was a bit surprised and opened her eyes from her meditative position.

"I thought you wouldn't come tonight and would instead sleep with Hua Feilan. She confessed to you after all," Liyue said curiously, her eyes lighting up slightly.

Han Li headed closer to the bed and pushed her down. They exchanged a short kiss, and she breathed some icy mist on his face. He looked at her with a rather mesmerized gaze.

They parted, and the connecting saliva between their lips glinted gently in the moonlight that entered the room through the open windows.

"I was with her. She and I drank tea by the moon, and Hua Yu joined us, too. She tried to begin speaking about the relationship but was a bit hesitant. Feilan needs a bit of time. She seems to have some stories to tell me."

Liyue looked at him lovingly, a smile adorning her breathtaking face. "That doesn't really explain why my dear hubby came directly to me, you know? You have more options: my mom just gained the Lust Spark, and she would love some company. And Mother Yue had been complaining about not having you with her all the time, too."

Exchanging another brief kiss, Han Li looked at her. She was vulnerable, sleeping under him with her dark locks spread around the white bedsheet.

He kissed her forehead. "I don't know. After I slept with you once, my body is craving for you. I just can't do anything about it. I have been resisting the urges, but the moonlight and night just pulled me here. I just wanted to be with you this night."

"Pulled you in?" Liyue chuckled like soft bells, her limpid black eyes looking at him mischievously. "So you really couldn't resist your Liyue's beauty this time, huh?"

Han Li smiled wryly. "Your charm is indeed deadly."

Liyue smiled. "So, sleep already or just cuddle like this for the night? I like the second option more. Been a long, long time since I just cuddled to sleep—Mother Yue always owns that privilege."

"You seem head-bent on stealing my mother's things, huh? She won't be pleased."

"You are mine just as much as hers. How can it be stealing? I take what is mine. I deserve to sleep like that tonight. Of course, I don't really mind if you want to do the other sleeping tonight."

Han Li laid on the bed, and Liyue crawled into his embrace joyfully.

"Kiss and cuddles all night?" she asked him.

He just kissed her. "Take out the Spirit first. Let me have a talk with that thing."

Liyue growled. "So you didn't come here because of a craving to sleep with me!"

"I did; that was not a lie."

"Lies!"

Han Li looked at her fair face, puffing up with anger, and placed a kiss on her juicy lips.

She tried to wiggle away but then submitted pretty quickly and began devouring his tongue instead.

They broke away.

"Big Brother, you really did come here just to speak with the Spirit, didn't you?" she lamented exaggeratedly but cutely. "You meanie. If you loved me, you could have asked for the Spirit late—"

Her lips were locked.

"Meani—"

Lips were locked once more.

"Hatefu—"

"Bastar—"

"Annoyin—"

"Dummy!"

She suddenly stopped speaking and looked at Han Li's smiling face.

"Why did you stop? Continue," she complained.

"How dare you call me such words." He bit her juicy lips gently, and she didn't dare to speak for fear of hurting herself with his sharp teeth, "I thought you respected me as your master."

He broke away with a smile. "I won't harm you, you fool. I have good control over myself."

Liyue blushed. "I know, but my lips are one of the things you love the most. How can I harm them?"

"Oh…" Han Li sighed. "Then you can't harm no place in you now."

She paused in her moves. Han Li could literally see her slightly panicking in her lying position. Even her heart had skipped a beat.

Then, she became silent.

"…"

"…"

Her breath all but squeezed out of her chest. "Damn you, Big Brother. My soul almost jumped out of my head."

Han Li smiled. "Is it really the first time I told you something like that?"

"It…"

Her heart was still fluttering, and she just wanted a kiss now. She pulled his head to her lips, and they were both in a land of each other for a while. She didn't let him pull out until she was breathless.

They just looked at each other for a long time after that. She could almost scream.

He had never really said he loved her—he did say it, but that was to the Spirit when she had just woken up after Evolving and not directly to herself. She herself didn't think she would be this startled when he actually said it for once.

She gulped. He just looked at her amusingly.

She was an absolute masterpiece of beauty, her brows like slanted swords perfectly carved, while her eyes were like those of dewy waters. Her face, too, was just a sight to behold as she blushed. One would just want to bite her cheeks and make her say sweet things.

Only Han Li could make her do that, though. Only he could bite her cheeks, too.

"Now take out the Spirit. Let's do the important stuff first before we fall into bed for actual."

Liyue nodded, still feeling thrilled. "The Spirit says the Heavens will devour it if it comes out into the open without a body. I can't take it out. You will have to enter my Empty Space with your Existence—Spirit taught me a way to do that."

When it tried to possess her, she had obviously had the higher hand, and of course, she had used the chance to make the Spirit into her pet.

She had made the Spirit promise on its own Existence that it would not lie or act against them without her permission.

Soon, she planned to let the Spirit possess an unhatched egg. She really planned to make it her pet—her chicken pet. If people knew that she planned to make a past Transcendent into her chicken, they would cry blood.

Han Li himself was secretly amazed inside.

"Let the Spirit come out," he said, "Heaven can't devour her when I am here."

Liyue smiled. If he says so.

'Spirit, you are allowed out of my Empty Space. Come out, and don't you dare disrespect my Big Brother. I'll kill you if you do!'

The Spirit was filled with fear and sadness.

Her lofty goals, her lofty ambitions, her sacrifices… She felt simmering hatred and slowly moved out into the real world. When the Existence moved out of the body, it was the same as someone trying to Evolve.

When someone tried to Evolve, they brought their sparks far out of their body, and that would make them also subconsciously pull out their Existence; vulnerable to the heavens, they could only have a quick fight with it and try to go back into the body.

The Heavens were omnipresent.

Just as the Spirit came out, a so mighty Existence began to move and surround her. She could feel that she would soon begin to get devoured by the Heavens. The Heavens were the 7 Great Daos combined—it was the mightiest of all in the Seven Continents.

But it was weakened. It couldn't even easily eat a person trying to Evolve, not to mention her, so quickly. She could hide inside her Vital Weapon, Mirror Mind, to hide from the Heavens, too, but she didn't have much energy remaining after failing to possess Liyue.

She felt as if she was about to die in a mere few seconds and waited, but a smaller but still unique power covered her in a blanket, and the Heavens could only stare helplessly.

The Dao of Lust had protected her.

She felt a chill up her sleeve as Han Li's red gaze looked at her like food ready to be eaten.

'Life Vision,' Han Li thought calmly. Her information began to appear before him, but it was no longer as it used to be; now he could see deeper. His gaze could well and truly penetrate souls.

His Sacred Eyes gave him every facet of the Spirit, Munyu.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223 - 223: Of course, you still have it, right?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Spirit felt a chill up her spine as Han Li's red gaze looked at her like food ready to be eaten. She felt naked in front of his gaze.

'Life Vision,' Han Li thought calmly.

Her information began to appear before him, but it was no longer as it used to be; now, he could see deeper. His gaze could well and truly penetrate souls.

The Sacred Eyes gave him every facet of the Spirit, Munyu. There was no way she could hide anything—being able to see Existence had changed Han Li's perceptions itself, so of course, his greatest investigation ability, "Life Vision," improved.

________________________

[Munyu] [Age: 1200]

[Existence Level: Rank 5]

________________________

[Dao Tree Cultivation: None]

[Beast Core: None]

[Vital Weapon: Mirror Mind]

[Physical Body: N/a]

[Heart Qi (level 1)]

[Cannot use without a Physical Body she has full control over]

________________________

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: Unawakened]

[End time cultivation in the last Premonition: Unawakened]

[Death: (in the last premonition) never died.]

________________________

The options to see what her cultivation was in the previous life were unfunctional. After all, his previous life memories were premonitions, and he was now reading her own Existence to understand her powers. He was, in a way, forcefully reading her memories about herself without doing that.

Then, he would compare her memories with his own to make a true understanding of this once-enemy of his. How can she know how strong she was in her past life? From her memories, of course, he couldn't gain future knowledge regarding her.

But in the Spirit's case, her future was not important. What was important was her past.

He knew that in the future, Yang Wei would become a Transcendent out of nowhere and become the sect master of one of the four sects. Han Li was the extra then, and the effort of a combined attack from everyone had killed him.

That meant… something.

For a Power Born to become Transcendent, they only needed one thing.

They didn't have to be extremely talented, they didn't have to be the best at what they do, they could be the most unremarkable Power Born, and they could still Transcend. But there was one thing that they needed to do that.

And for that one thing, every time it appears, the Sacred Lust Continent itself goes to war.

Transcend Mortality Orb.

Han Li and Yang Wei had no real connection in his past life, but he knew who the person was even before he regressed. He knew Yang Wei.

Every 400 to 600 years or so, a battle, a war, happens.

This battle would always be extremely important — it was called the Transcendence War.

The next Transcendence War was merely about 12 years away now.

In this war, Power Born individuals—people at the level of clan heads—would all join in an attempt to claim a unique magical resource that was essential in breaking through from Power Birth to the Transcendent Stage.

It was a war for breakthrough!

The resource was indeed… Transcend Mortality Orb. Only if they absorb it can they Transcend. If they had it, they needed nothing more.

Every Continent among the seven great continents only had a set number of this resource, and it was an absolutely important thing for a Power Born.

If they didn't get it in their generation when they were young, the next time the war happened, they would be nearly dying due to age after all. Their lifespans could only last for one generation of the war.

If they got it this time, they could live long. If they didn't, they would have to die.

Sacred Lust Continent only had 4 Orbs every generation.

So, the wars were absolutely savage, with almost all the clans getting involved, as long as the Power Born had even the slightest hint of ambitions.

In his past life, he had been nothing in the war 12 years from now other than one of the thousands upon thousands of Evolved.

Only in the war after that, 463 years later today, had he fought in his own war and won one of the orbs, becoming a Transcendent.

But that was not the intriguing part.

To Han Li, that was just a memory. What mattered was Yang Wei.

He was a legendary person in his past life.

All four of the Orbs were taken by some Power Born as the war concluded—one of them being in Han Li's hand—and the other Power Borns were completely out of steam to fight back.

The war of Transcendence ended, and the next generation's Transcendents were decided.

Han Li was one of the four.

His life was supposed to be calm for a long time from then. Transcendents usually had 600 years of Lifespan at best, after all.

Yang Wei was not one of those four. He was just a failed Power Born in their eyes; he hadn't been able to get the Orb, and he would die pretty soon.

But as the four people started to get ready to settle back and inherit one of the four sects each, as was usual after someone Transcended, something unusual happened.

A fifth Transcendent appeared out of nowhere and inherited one of the four sects' mantle, the Bewitching Beauty Sect—the sect that owned all brothels throughout the continent—before Han Li could.

Each sect could only have one Sect Master in a generation.

The sects seemed to hide some immense secret inside them, and the other three sect masters began to fear Han Li's existence.

In each generation, there could only exist four Transcendants, and at the time of the Transcendence Wars, the alive Transcendants would be at their weakest.

Their lifespans would be nearing the end, and each of them would only have 200 or 300 more years to live.

Once the war ended, they would soon die of age. Treasures like Lifespan Increasing Dew didn't work on them. Only Transcendent Resources worked, and there was no such resource that could increase Lifespan, which they knew.

So, once the four old Transcendents die, the next 500 or so will be peaceful times of rule for the new ones.

There would be no wars, and there would be no need to fight—even demons who killed millions won't be considered like one after they Transcend. They could change their life around and call themselves saints, and no one could say otherwise.

There would only be four of them as equals at a time in the continent. Why fight and destroy peace for no reason?

Naturally, none of them wanted that.

But the 5th Transcendent's entry changed this. He was a threat to the power they held over the 4 Sects. The power of the 4 Sects was more than what met the eye, and no Transcendent wanted to let it go.

There were secrets inside that Han Li still didn't know to this day. That was one of the reasons he wanted to build a sect for himself.

So, since Yang Wei already inherited one of the four, only Han Li was left without a Sect to inherit.

He hadn't bothered caring about it at first.

Thus, he lost the chance to win it for himself.

Thus, in the peace of the other four's peaceful future life for the next hundreds of years, a potential danger appeared—Han Li. The Great Demon of the era who wouldn't mind killing infants to achieve his goals.

What if he one day coveted one of the Sects after knowing its true secrets?

What if he assassinated one of them when they were enjoying life?

Indeed, even bold men who had won wars would become cowards when they had things to lose. They feared such a possibility and teamed up in order to kill him.

And then, Wang Ren—the new Transcendent Sect Master of the Demon Restraining Temple of that generation and a current Power Born—killed Han Li by stealing his Sword.

Han Li's sword was connected to his Existence. If someone stole it and removed the Mark of their own Existence on it, Han Li would die.

He hadn't known how his sword had been stolen before, but he now knew. Some people in this world did have knowledge about the… Existence.

Most probably, that was part of the secrets that the Four Great Sects—Demon Restraining Temple, Wisdom Seeking Villa, Sacred Cult, and Bewitching Beuty Sect—were hiding from the normal people.

And Wang Ren had probably used that knowledge, which Han Li never had the chance to get in his hand, to ambush him by stealing one of his still greatest weaknesses—Han Li's Life Sword.

If someone who knew about Existence could get their hands on it, killing Han Li wouldn't be too hard. When they get the physical sword in hand, they just needed to touch the part of his Existence that was in the Sword.

The Sword and him were practically one, after all.

That was why he never took it out of his body these days, even for training. It was the safest if he kept it inside him forever. He wasn't a fool to jump in hot water twice.

But Han Li himself was a bit proud of it all now that he thought of the whole ordeal from a different angle.

They were Transcendents who even had the knowledge of Existence, whereas he was an ignorant Transcendent—who couldn't get new knowledge from the Four Sects' generational wealth of information as they did after leveling up.

Yet, he was an unkillable cockroach even for them.

They could only ambush him.

Now that he thought of it, he had never been touched by any of them, as he was extremely cautious of them at that point. If he had been touched, he would have probably not lasted as long as he did and would have fainted like when Liyue touched him.

He could still remember that they had indeed tried to touch him. Only now did he notice that little detail. Who would have known they could make him faint with a touch?

Thankfully, he hadn't really fought them with fists like he fights these days or he would have been offed so much quicker.

But at that point… he didn't even have the Lust Dao as his own.

He just had his sword mastery, his powerful physical body, and normal Transcendent powers. And his Sacred Talent Cultivation.

Now, he was even more of a monster. He couldn't even fathom how strong he would be when he Transcend.

He had a lot of things he didn't have in his past life already: complete ownership over Lust Dao, Life Vision, knowledge of Existence, level one Heart Qi that only Transcendent had at Evolution Stage, and way more.

Just Heart Qi alone would raise a level with each Cultivation Breakthrough.

Han Li didn't even know his actual battle strength at the moment, not to mention the future.

He had to fight to find out, but he didn't want to reveal it to Monk Hen Shin; that had been why he was so restrained. If he fought, it might cause a ruckus.

Sighing, Han Li squashed that bit of pride he had in himself away from his mind.

He had died in the end.

The way it happened didn't matter, how he suffered didn't matter, and the ends justified the cause.

He died. He lost. They won.

Pride in losing?

How disgusting. It was only less disgusting than pride in winning.

It was all the same.

If he won or lost, nothing would matter if he died in the end.

Only Eternal Life, control over Life and Death, could make him stand beyond it all and have the final laugh. Only that win was worth having.

He looked at the Spirit with glittering red eyes.

"Oh beauty, tell me, where is the Transcend Mortality Orb in your hand?"

For a Power Born to become Transcendent, they only needed one thing. Transcend Mortality Orb. The sweet, sweet, one thing.

Of course, if Yang Wei was anything special, the reason for the specialness was obvious.

The Spirit.

It must still have that Orb that Yang Wei used in Han Li's past life. Han Li had been so regretful when he thought the Spirit died without him being able to get that. Now, there was no need to worry.

It was better left with him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224 - 224: Just had eyes for.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Spirit must still have that Transcend Mortality Orb that Yang Wei used in Han Li's past life. Han Li had been so regretful when he thought the Spirit died without him being able to get that. Now, there was no need to worry.

It was better left with him. Transcendenting without fighting a war sounded all too sweet for him not to use the chance, and he already had plans for the Orb.

Han Li teasingly asked, "Oh beauty, tell me, where is the Transcend Mortality Orb which was in your hand?"

Squirming in front of his gaze for a while, the transparent form of the Spirit awkwardly stood silent.

From the side, Liyue said with a face full of curiosity, "Little Spirit, Big Brother just asked you a question. Answer it!"

Han Li's face grew immensely weird at the way Liyue called the Spirit. Little Spirit?

Little Spirit? Really?

A 21-year-old girl calling a millennium-old monster with that name? He wanted to laugh, but the laugh was stifled in his throat when he thought about how… he and the Spirit were equals in one sense.

Liyue really was a lucky girl. And the Spirit was sure unlucky.

"Little Sp—" Han Li stopped himself short and couldn't help but cough into his hand. "So, Munyu, where is the Transcendence Orb?"

The Spirit ignored the innuendo and looked at Han Li calmly. For now, she completely ignored Liyue.

Then, the Spirit said, out of context: "I have stood at the level of Transcendents at my peak. I was undefeated. And I am 1200 years old. My real name is Munyu."

Liyue was surprised, and she immediately jeered, "That's really something for you to be that big of a deal, and yet, you wanted to shamelessly possess a little girl like me."

The Spirit shrugged in her... Spirit ways.

"Shame is useless," she said calmly.

Liyue didn't get the meaning behind Munyu introducing herself, but Han Li did. It was a question of his own identity. While they were fighting, the Spirit had guessed that he was most probably one of the 7 Sacred Inheritors, and she had many hypotheses of what Han Li was.

It was true. Often, one's enemies knew more of oneself than one's friends or family.

Battles could really make you know the sharp edge of others—especially if it was the deadly sort of battle, just like he himself had figured out that the Spirit could be from another world.

She was his greatest enemy!

He had been her greatest enemy, too.

Han Li knew the Spirit was leading him somewhere by asking for his identity, but he let her do it. Just where else could he lead him?

She was not going to escape. With his eyes that could see through souls, it was clear to him that the Spirit had no other way but to obey Liyue completely—she was more trapped than a trapped animal.

Han Li didn't feel a bit of pity for it. It had been one of his life-and-death enemies in the past. What else was there to say?

It had tried to possess, kill, and replace Liyue!

Death!

He would kill her for no reason at all, but this was much more of a motivation to kill her. But the benefits were right there to see. She was not worth killing.

But he didn't answer her unquestioned question until he comfortably shifted his position and laid on Liyue's lap with his legs crossed. She began to gently brush his hair with her pearly fingers.

Han Li introduced himself.

"Han Li. A humble cultivator, a normal man," he said, "At my peak, I was still Han Li."

Liyue blinked, pausing to brush his hair with her hand. Then laughed charmingly, "Good answer. But now tell the truth, you can tell it in my ears if you want and not tell the Little Spirit—I am really curious about who you really are. Big Brother, what are you really?"

Han Li pinched her cheeks. "I am Han Li. What else do you want to know?"

She pouted, her fair cheeks filled with discontent. It was still very much cute.

Then Liyue pinched his cheeks, making him and the Spirit both speechless. "That's for you not answering me when you know every little detail there is about me, you jerk!"

Han Li speechlessly looked at her.

"Don't pinch me in front of my enemy. It is disgraceful," he said in exasperation.

Liyue coughed gently and stopped.

Han Li looked back at the Spirit, a teasing look on his face.

Munyu took a deep breath. She looked like one of those people who would scam you into a sales pitch.

"I am the oldest person alive in the Sacred Lust Continent," the Spirit said.

Han Li gestured for her to continue.

"I have both the potential and knowledge to rule this world. I am one of the best in this world." She snorted, her derision clear through her Existence's aura: "The other Transcendents are all mere wastrels; there are powers that they have the potential to use but have no way to. I know how to make a person from this world reach their highest potential."

Han Li smiled.

"Like the Dao Tree, Vital Weapons, and Beast Path—all three combining in one body?"

The Spirit grew silent.

"It doesn't matter if you already know of it all. I once became a Transcendent in the Vital Weapon path and a Power Born in the other two, and believe me—I am an expert, and there has been no one like me in existence."

That intrigued Han Li, and he sat up. Eyes as bright as red infernos.

"I know what you are thinking, Han Li." Munyu crackled, and the sound noiselessly echoed in the room, only audible to people who had sensed their Existence.

Han Li's eyes darkened.

Munyu jeered; her sight was so eerie that Liyue had goosebumps. "You must be thinking that since you enslaved my freedom, you could do whatever you want and inspect my memories. Hahahaha! You must think that you could read my mind to gain all this precious information I gathered throughout my insufferable life."

Han Li didn't speak. That was exactly his plan.

The Spirit spat without hesitation, "Can you really read my memories? Do you think I will allow that to happen and just look at it all like a fool? Heh, you are a fellow Demon. You must know our mentality without me even saying."

Liyue was very silent. She felt tiny for some reason but then perked up and asked, "How dare—"

Han Li raised his hand. "So if I tried to see your memories, you would die by breaking the Existential Bond on yourself. I can understand the thought process. But since you accepted to give up your freedom to Liyue, you must have a reason. What do you want in order for you to cooperate?"

"Oh, Han Li," Munyu's tone changed again. "I am one of the most terrifying things in this world. There was a time when Demi-Sacreds roamed the world, and even they used to fear me—for my potential as it may be."

That made Han Li's pupils constrict.

"I had Vital Weapon Transcendence already; once I transcended using the other two paths, too, I would have been deadly. But sadly, that could never have happened—I am not you."

Han Li sighed. "Seven Sacred Demon Inheritors."

"Indeed," Munyu nodded. "If I became a Transcendent or not, it doesn't matter in the Dao Tree Path. Just like you devoured the Lust Dao some days ago, if an inheritor devoured my Dao, all my progress would be for naught."

Nodding, he said, "Only an Inheritor can have the last laugh at holding all three Paths to Power in one body. Or their Daos would just get stolen and they wouldn't be able to use that power."

"And you are an extraordinary man, Han Li. You are not only a Sacred Demon Inheritor, you have already devoured your first Dao. If I am correct."

Han Li nodded.

"You are a monster in growth," the Spirit said with genuine admiration. "When you reach your full potential, you will be a nightmare even for higher-stage cultivators. You already are, probably. But you will surely struggle in that way."

His eyes began to glint.

"If I and you are in one team..." Munyu said, "Who would dare to stand in our path?"

Liyue licked her slightly dry lips. She couldn't help but shake her head in amazement.

"Han Li!" Munyu continued with even more fervor. "Both of us have similar ambitions. I want to see the final and most perfect evolutionary form of life, and you want to control life and death.

"If we are one team, we will be like an unstoppable force joining together with an unbreakable wall."

Then, the Spirit calmed down and gave her final piece, "And I am a virgin who, a man in the sexual sense, had never touched. My soul is untouched, and nobody had ever touched me in that way when I was in a body either—I never cared for such a thing.

"I'll devote myself to you. I'll be your greatest supporter!!

"We are just meant to be, Han Li. I'll help you reach your potential, you will help me see my wish. We, together, can be invincible!"

Han Li looked at her with mixed eyes.

"Or you could kill me now, and you will get only the Transcend Mortality Orb." She was calm. If she died, that thing would end up in Han Li's hand, but she didn't care.

"I don't plan to remain a chicken or your wife's pet for life. Death doesn't scare me. I wanted to say this to you, and that's why I accepted Liyue's demand for me to become her pet. Would you accept me as one of your wives?"

From the side, Liyue said in a low voice: "There is nothing wrong with a chicken. Chickens can ascend to the heavens and become phoenixes, you know?" Han Li glanced at her, and she added: "My Mother Yue told me so."

Munyu just had eyes for Han Li.

For a final part, she added: "I will be your most loyal wife."

That really, really irked Liyue.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225 - 225: From Munyu
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I will be your most loyal wife."

That really, really pissed off Liyue, but she didn't say anything. She just frowned her beautiful eyebrows and silently looked at the Spirit.

Han Li didn't say anything for a while.

He wasn't a short-sighted person; getting only the Transcend Mortality Orb was good, and making her a pet would serve his vanity. It would be a satisfying sight. But that was not nearly worth having a loyal Munyu on his side.

Munyu was a deadly addition to his harem if he actually accepted the proposition. Her knowledge alone would—if his thoughts were in line with reality—make him stronger. His chance of actually achieving his still distant goal would become much higher.

Munyu could be a breakthrough in his destiny.

He could see the allure of it all. Not choosing her was not an option to even think about.

"Munyu," he called.

The Spirit bowed slightly.

"I don't choose wives lightly. I give my heart to even fewer people. And you have once harmed—tried to harm—one of them who are the dearest to me."

"I am well aware."

Both of their gazes, Han Li's and Munyu's, met in midair, and sparks of brilliant ambition began to brighten between them.

Both of them WANTED to join forces.

Eternal Life and Control over Life and Death.

Han Li wanted to achieve that!

He didn't want to see his mother die; he didn't want to be thrown into a place full of regret where there was nothing he could do. He wanted to live without the worry of death hanging above his loved ones.

The greatest biological evolution of a lifeform. The greatest and most supreme form of life.

To see that was why Munyu sacrificed everything. Love, wealth, beauty, peace, and nothing mattered to her.

She had once screamed, looking at the heavens. After all, everything she had ever wanted was lost to her and her physical body was destroyed.

She had cried.

She had possessed other creatures and became strong, died, and done the exact same thing again and again.

Reach a high level before becoming nothing again.

She had broken her bones, been thrown in the fire, and been frozen in icicles. She had been eaten by the wolves before. But she had never once stopped persevering for her goal.

That was her purpose, her life.

For that, she would kill infants, drink their pregnant mother's blood, and still laugh proudly. Emotionless like an ice block, she would walk up any mountain and reach its top with corpses as her stepping stone.

Han Li laughed, and the Spirit laughed alongside.

Both of their laughter was rather restrained and just a slow chuckle at the start, but soon, it turned into laughter full of meaning, and by the end, the Spirit's transparent form was sitting on Han Li's lap.

It was merely the size of a hand or two, but she still sat regally in his lap with all calm.

Even Liyue just looked at her irritantly and didn't say anything. It was her Big Brother Han's choice.

"Munyu," he said, his voice calm, "Begin with a good note and apologize to Liyue."

Munyu nodded readily and looked at Liyue with her transparent form. Her voice sincere, and she said, "I won't apologize to you with my words. They hold no meaning when I have zero regrets for my actions. I will give you a gift on behalf of me and my husband, a gift that should be more than enough to forgive my transgressions."

"He didn't marry you! And he is my husband!" Liyue complained.

"He did marry me. You just didn't notice." The Spirit's fingertips started to brighten in a faintly golden color, and she pressed the finger on Han Li's forehead; he didn't resist. With her Existential Bond in place, she couldn't harm anyone at least.

A memory entered his mind. It was a technique. A Heart Qi Technique.

"It is a technique that I just made, but it is also part of a wider technique. I thought your wife must love it."

Liyue looked sideways at them, feeling irritated at becoming a third wheel in her own room.

Fuck the Spirit! She hated it already.

Han Li assimilated the technique in his mind with a slow breath, and his horizons were immediately expanded. It was a way of using Heart Qi that he hadn't known was possible. He might have learned to use it someday, but it would never have been this easy.

Taking Liyue's face with one of his hands, he brought her closer, and both of their lips met. It was followed by a confused minute of deep kissing.

At the same time, unbeknownst to Liyue, a tiny golden mark began to imprint itself on the roof of her mouth, and she was filled with a tingly feeling throughout the kiss.

Then, he parted from her beautiful and full lips. She asked, slightly out of breath, "…What was that feeling?"

Han Li winked at her. "Guess what?"

"I don't know, just say!"

Suddenly, Liyue felt a weird sensation all over her body, and she began to squirm. Then, she fell into his embrace—from where the Spirit jumped into the air—before she asked with a bit of a pitiful face: "What is this weird feeling?"

The Spirit said amusedly from up above: "It is a profound technique that would only work if the woman he uses it on loves him deeply. He had only given you the First Mark of the Three Marks, so he now has the ability to sense you from even the other side of the continent."

"Why does my body feel this weird?"

The Spirit chuckled. "He is fucking you using his Heart Qi. Of course, you feel weird."

"The… stop!" Liyue squirmed in his embrace, but Han Li didn't stop. Not until she came and completely slumped on top of him.

"Since your Sect's name is Paradise," The Spirit said, "Let's name the Technique as the Paradise Mark."

Han Li nodded.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226 - 226: Paradise Mark
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The [Paradise Mark] could be placed on one woman a total of three times.

For it to succeed, the person on whom the mark is being placed must have complete love and devotion to the caster. But once the process succeeded, he could place the First Mark on them.

He had just placed the First Mark on Liyue, and as a result, he could now sense her with crystal clear clarity even if she were on the other side of the continent and his eyes closed.

When she opened her mouth, he could also see a golden pattern inlaid on the roof of her mouth.

If he could place his Second Mark on her, he and she would have… equally powerful physical bodies. Any woman he placed the Second Mark on would become the basis for the physique.

It would enter a sort of balance.

That ability might seem confusing or not that powerful for a layman, but Han Li knew the potency of it. He knew the terror of it.

For example, if he could use the Second Mark on Hua Yu—his body would become as strong as a Power Born.

If he could place the Second Mark on a woman with the Sacred Level Physique, his body would become as strong as the Sacred Level.

If he placed the Second Mark on Liyue?

He was the one with the stronger body, so her body would become as strong as his!

The strongest person with the Second Mark would be the base, and the other person would gain.

Of course, people who share his physical powers won't have the Sacred Demon Transformations, but she would still receive the base strength of his body. He was at the Top of the Tier Evolution Stage in the body department.

But to give the Second Mark, one must be in the middle of an intercourse. He has to have sex to give her the Second Mark.

This Technique relied heavily on Heart and feelings.

If he gave the mark to someone and they lost feelings for him, the Mark would slowly fade away. It wouldn't even work if he didn't have intense feelings for them and if they hadn't the same for him.

And the Second Mark was not the limit!

There was also a Third Mark.

If he could place the Third Mark on a woman…

He could enter their bodies with his consciousness and Existence whenever they allowed. It might not seem useful at a glance, but it was very useful.

If they were in a fight, his consciousness could descend into their bodies and fight for them!

This [Paradise Mark] technique was literally the most powerful thing he had ever come across. Its potential was through the roof.

He just had to make a high-level cultivator fall for him, and he would have a body as strong as theirs with just the First Mark. By proxy of his body being stronger, all of his women would also gain bodies just as strong as long as they had the Second Mark.

It all seemed too good to be true.

But then, Han Li saw a detail that brought him back to reality.

With his Level 1 Heart Qi—which was equal to what Transcendence Stage cultivators had—he could only use Paradise Mark on seven people. If he wanted to use it on more people, he would have to level up his Heart Qi.

Limitations were there.

For one, one needed seven women who would bare their soul nakedly to you without any hesitation, and for another, you will also have to love them.

But he didn't think it was a limitation to him. He already had a few who he could use it on.

Liyue gently held Han Li's hand.

"Big Brother… That Heart Qi fucking, it's… it's too intrusive. Don't enter that deep!"

"It feels good, doesn't it?" he teased. It felt good for him to enter her innards using it.

Heart Qi was not a solid force, but on anyone who was marked with the Paradise Mark, it could become solid. It was another of his body parts. It was like he had put his hand into her stomach.

She blushed.

"Not in front of others, I'll topple any time if you do it again!"

Han Li showed the Spirit a hand, and the transparent figure entered into his body before entering his Empty Space. She settled in there for now, and Han Li smiled at Liyue.

He then gave her a short explanation of the Paradise Mark that he had planted on her.

In short, it was an Ability that could help him bind with his woman and gain their body strength if they were stronger. If they were weaker than him, they would gain his body strength.

It worked on the basis of Heart Qi, Existence, and Energy.

It was a mysterious ability.

The people who bound with him would still not have his Demonic Transformations, but when he reached the full potential of this ability, even without the Transformations, his women would be strong.

His wives were going to be overpowered.

His destiny had indeed seen a breakthrough with Munyu. And the woman was well aware of that—from now on, they were a team, and they would officially start on their journey soon. There would be issues, but they didn't think it would be hard to clean all such problems.

There were no eternal enemies, only eternal benefits. And they were now no longer enemies and would probably never be enemies.

She had downplayed the importance of the Technique, but anyone with two brain cells would know how good it was.

The next goal would be to give Munyu a physical body and to reach his limit by Marking everyone he cared for. 7 Women. He had to choose the 7 with seriousness; he didn't just have to think about giving and gaining physical power, but also trustworthiness.

"Liyue, do you want the Second Mark now?"

He had already decided to give the first Paradise Mark to Liyue. Now he just had to give the Three Marks to her one by one—of which he had already given the 1st.

"I don't know, I am going crazy with pleasure, Big Brother," she said with a pitiful face. "I already came once, but if you don't do something and take out your Heart Qi thing from inside me, I might end up pissing on the bed. Bring me to the bathroom first, please."

Han Li smiled at her.

His heart was still a bit unclear.

He must have been the luckiest man on the continent.

He had so much fortune that it was already a bit hard to keep everything in check.

Liyue had this unique body condition of having 7 Empty Spaces, Munyu with all her advantages, his mother with the [Luck-Trade System], and now more.

[Paradise mark] alone could bring forth war amidst Transcendents. It was just as good as another Sacred Demon Inheritance.

All of them would want it.

With [Paradise Mark], the more women, the stronger the women he conquered, the stronger he would be. At least physically.

Any man would die to have this power.

If they were Transcendent, 7 of their women who love them more than anything would also have bodies just as strong as theirs. Wouldn't they rule the continent?

Who would dare to go against them?

Munyu was a blessing.

He wondered how strong he would get when he had marked seven different people with the [Paradise Mark].

His sect, the Demonic Paradise, was going to be a force to be reckoned with.

He even had a Transcendence Orb in his hand!

Holding back the pleasure coursing through her in waves, Liyue asked, "Bi… Big Brother, was it wise to take in a previous enemy as your wife?"

Han Li kissed her, and she could no longer ask questions…

Liyue froze, her dam broke, and she peed on the bed.

She immediately looked at her husband with a wronged expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227 - 227: More! (R18)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liyue annoyedly used the Starlight Magic Power—Heat and Light, and the bed was quickly dried off. "You are such a meanie. My bed would still smell, and I would have to replace it now. You could have just brought me to a bathroom…"

Han Li pushed her down on the bed, and his clothes were cast aside. Then, he also tore away her delicate monk robes, revealing her perfectly mesmerizing physique.

When a woman grows so perfectly beautiful, she would look eery instead of beautiful, but Liyue was just the opposite.

She was the epitome of what Han Li would consider a strikingly beautiful woman. She somehow bordered the limits, and every time Han Li looked at her, he had to restrain himself.

Her nose was delicate, her skin was a fairer olive, and her hair was dark and long. There was an innate pride between her brows that bordered on arrogance, a regalness of an empress that Han Li had never seen on anyone else. Her eyes, brownish black, would glint like gold from some ankles, and it always made him look at them longer.

Her body was unique, unique from its very foundation. But now, she was just vulnerable and nearly tearful. She had even peed on her bed and was now chastising him for tearing away her robes.

He didn't listen to her blabbering on and off about her bed and just kissed her. She tried to resist futilely for a second before submitting to her fate.

Her pussy was already dripping wet, so foreplay was obviously unnecessary. But still, when handling Liyue's privates, Han Li was a bit cautious.

He placed his thick and tight rod on her warm little sister.

"Enter slowly, please!" She squeaked.

Han Li felt the moist but warm sensation on his shaft. It hadn't even been put inside, but he could already sense a tightness. And her love juice that dripped on him was a tremendously powerful arousal.

He pushed in roughly but immediately slowed down as he felt her tighten up. He could feel the familiar sensation of a breaking hymen, and her body immediately grew rigid in an unexpected shudder and… pain.

Even he could feel the tightness and pain… she must have been…

Blood dripped down from her vagina and onto his shaft. Both husband and wife looked at each other in a freeze. Her eyes were teary, and she looked at him with a wronged look. He felt his heart soften just with a glance.

"Sorry… didn't know your hymen could grow back."

She just cried. He felt even more awkward. He really didn't intend to give her anything painful when she least expected it—it really was a mistake.

Han Li leaned down and nibbled on her pearly pink nipples; she just breathed heavily as he gently cared for her chest.

She then hugged him tightly and said out of gritted teeth, "That was… abrupt. Use your magic, please…"

Han Li sighed and nibbled her chest a bit more before he parted. He kissed her lips and their moist tongues fought like two coiling snakes. He turned all her pain to lust.

Then, he gently pushed in when she was distracted, and he could feel her warm insides comfortably surrounding his cock. It was filled with blood and her love juices, and the tightness was an extremely euphoric sensation.

By the time he was deep inside her, she was literally biting his lips and tongue without mercy. Had he not been absolutely stronger than her, it would have hurt. He endured and just kept thrusting till she began losing herself.

Liyue gasped as all pain turned into pleasure. But his focus was once again on her handful of breasts, which could barely be cupped in his palm. He sucked on her perky nipples, and she moaned as she felt the euphoric sensation.

"Th…an~ the Heart Qi, use it please!"

Han Li's Heart Qi entered inside her and completely rattled her organs from inside as he thrust and she could only moan in an earth-shatteringly seductive voice. At the same time, her red vagina started to thump and pull his cock inwards.

The squelching noise of her love juices and the seductive flower-like smell of the woman made even him experience intense pleasure. At the same time, slowly, their Existence began to resonate and become one.

She pulled him into her boobs and he felt the taste clearly. Milk was unavailable but the sensation of a hard nipple was insane—especially when it was Liyue squirming in pleasure under him.

The slimy sensation as his cock went inside her was unimaginably good too.

She could also feel it filling her up to the brim while her organs danced in the same rhythm as his thrusts. But at the same time, their souls intertwined, and her moans and his huffing became one.

They didn't even know pleasure could reach these heights.

He crushed her nipples against his lips, and she felt herself waking up from an absolutely lustful state as his thrusts became twice as powerful.

She asked pitifully, "Why is nggg~ Big Brother so rough?"

He gentled his thrusts and pinned both of her hands on the bed. She wanted some kind of autonomy tonight, but she was an absolute submissive to Han Li, and soon enough, she came—her orgasm blasted onto his waist.

He didn't stop.

He just continued thrusting. She coiled her legs around his waist, and when he came, she groaned; her face was full of lust, and her eyes were upturned. She felt as if he had made her complete. As if taking his load was her purpose.

"Mo… More!"

Han Li was only eager to please her, and he shifted her position. He first chuckled and fed her mouth his cock, she immediately lubricated it with some deep blowjob—there was no real need to, with all her love juice on it.

His gaze shifted to her pink asshole and she could only shiver as little Han Li entered with viciousness and completely dominated her backside.

Soon enough, it was filled too. Her eyes glanced over, and she asked, "More~~"

She didn't notice, but Han Li did; her body was growing stronger at an immense rate, and the second of the three Marks had been placed on her. Her body was bursting with strength. She needed immense release and where to if not by making her own husband fuck the hell out of her?

Han Li did exactly that but she was a menace this time. She wanted more, more, and more. She had no plans of letting him go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228 - 228: Divine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whatever the plans that Han Li had may be, for the next three days, no one saw him in the temple. Nor did anyone see Liyue. They had both cooped up in their room and since then, nobody had seen them.

***

Inside Liyue's room.

Han Li was seated on his bed, and a naked Liyue was lying on his crotch, still chewing on his manhood. They had been going at it wildly for the past couple of days, and she was a total madwoman at that time.

Smiling wryly, he looked around the room. All the furniture inside had been broken, the bed base was in pieces, the wardrobe was all over the place, and there were even palm-shaped indents on the wall.

Liyue's body had grown stronger, but her control over it was minimal. If she were to touch her mother, Li Yao, the chance of Li Yao being broken in two was not low. That was how strong Han Li himself was—but he had complete control over himself.

His Proficiency over weapons was also his proficiency over his own body!

Han Li sighed. He could still feel the amazing pleasure as she teased his cock. She still had a lot of steam.

"Big Brother," Liyue asked, sliding her pink tongue up his shaft. "So what do you say? Will I get pregnant? It's been three days, and you filled me up to the brim. Any chance?"

Han Li pushed her down into his cock, and she devoured it, then looked up at him with a questioning glance.

"No. You won't get pregnant. I removed all the vitality inside my jizz before I burst."

"…a pity."

She gently bit his cock and looked at him with a wronged expression.

"Not a pity. You will not get a child before you become Transcendent. That's the minimum I ask of you, understand?"

"Yeah, yeah. I don't want a child for now…" she shook her head. "So, Bi… Hubby, what do I do with my current body? I am too strong. I don't think I can control myself if I walk around."

Han Li was also in a bit of a dilemma.

The Spirit asked from inside his Empty Space: "Check her Paradise Mark first. Didn't you have that weird power to see through others somehow? Like how you figured me out when I was trying to possess Yang Wei. You knew I had a Transcendence Orb, too."

Han Li nodded and looked at Liyue, who was already lost in giving him the final blowjob for the day. She was very good at it. Other than his mother, whom he didn't like giving blowjobs to him, she was the best at blowjobs. Li Yao wasn't bad, either.

He used Life Vision on Liyue. Unlike before, he had the ability to sense the Existence; his senses were clear about all of Liyue's powers and her details.

He was looking at her soul.

︹.........︹ ︹.........︹

[Shan Liyue] [Age: 21]

[Existence Level: Rank 3]

[Talent: Divine]

——————

[Dao Tree Cultivation: Evolution—Starlight Dao Soul]

[Beast Core: None]

[Vital Weapon: None]

[Physical Body: High Tier Evolved Physique]

[Constitution: Seven Purities Divine Body.]

——————

『Secret Arts:

➥ Paradise Mark: 2/3 Marks.

Mark 1: Paradise Lord (Han Li) would be able to sense the Marked from even a vast distance.

Mark 2: Equilibrates the physical bodies of the caster and the marked person, enhancing their physical strength to match the stronger of the two.』

——————

[End time cultivation in the first life Premonition: 3rd Awakening, Starlight Dao]

[End time cultivation in the last life Premonition: Evolution, Starlight Dao.]

[Death: (in the last premonition) At age 29, stabbed to death by the Raven Clan teens in a regional war.]

︺.........︺ ︺.........︺

Liyue could see that he was distracted and felt challenged. How dare he not focus on herself when she was trying so hard to pleasure him?

She tried even harder, but Han Li held on, focusing on her Life Stats. For one, her Existence's level was Rank 3, which Han Li surmised was equal to her highest cultivation in any of the three Paths: Beast Core, Dao Tree, or Vital Weapon.

Her highest cultivation was in Dao Tree Path; she had surpassed the Spark Acquire and Awakening stages and was now in the Evolution Stage. The 3rd Rank of Cultivation. Thus, her Existence was also a Rank 3.

Then, he looked at her Cultivation Talent. He couldn't help but pause there.

The Talent went like this: Average, High, Sacred. To his knowledge, there was no talent beyond that level. Was he too ignorant?

The first time he saw her stats after his Life Vision evolved, he was also stunned but had had no one to ask questions. But now, he had a peer with more experience to question.

"Spirit." Han Li called out to his new companion. "Do you think Sacred is the highest level of Talent?"

Spirit was silent for a while. Then she said, "I don't know about that. But there was a bunch of monsters in the Everlasting Human World—where I came from—who were a step above Sacred Talents. These people had unique bodies, somehow similar to your wife—"

She stopped there, dumbfounded. So Liyue was one of those creatures?

The Spirit had never even stopped to consider that at all!

"Impossible!" she said. "The Divine Talent is impossible for any other world to breed. Only Everlasting Worlds can make Divine Talent Cultivators, and this is not an Everlasting World. This world CAN make such talents, but that is limited to a total of seven people, and she is not one of them!"

"Seven?" Han Li asked, his red eyes brightening.

"The Seven Sacred Demon Inheritors. You have a Body Tempering Art of your own, right?"

Han Li nodded inwardly. He did.

[Demonic Transformation]. That was a method that he got as part of being an inheritor of the Sacred Demon's legacy.

"I would have told you this later. I had been researching you extensively and…" Spirit asked, "Does this art make your body similar to the Sacred Demon?"

Han Li took a deep breath. His bulb had been lit.

He knew where she was headed. With a single thought, he opened up his Existence for the Spirit to glean into, and soon enough, she found out everything about the 7 Transformations.

Spirit continued, "Once you completely train the 7 Transformations, you will gain the Divine Constitution that the Sacred Demons had. You are inheriting that constitution from them."

Han Li already understood that.

Skin Building, Organ Strengthening, Bone Forging, Blood Condensation, Flesh Transformation, Tendon Stretching, and Physique Perfection. These were the 7 Transformations, and Physique Perfection could only be trained last.

So, if he did Physique Perfection, he would gain a Divine level talent and just as good a Physique?

Unbelievable!

He looked at Liyue with his Life Vision, but she was now completely mad.

"You are not looking at me at all!" she said in irritation.

"I am. I am looking…" Han Li looked at her Divine Body with his Life Vision, and its details also revealed themselves to him.

What kind of Divine Body did she have?

He already knew it, but looking at it sent a shiver down his spine.

[Seven Purities Divine Body.]

[The person with this body will have seven of Most things. Seven Empty Spaces, seven lives, and seven deaths, etc. They will also have seven virginities and a pure Yin Source. They will be able to share a part of their uniqueness with their children and the person who breaks their seven hymens.]

Her Divine Body didn't make her strong outright, but if this power was not an overwhelming force. What was?

It was almost just as good as his Three Life Sacred Eyes, which could see far into the future in Premonitions.

His own potential made him a monster among monsters. Liyue? She was still too inexperienced in the world, and she was still a sapling with shallow roots.

But her potential?

It was not one bit lesser to himself. And he hadn't understood what made Divine Talent different even now. But he couldn't help but be eager.

He, too, had hope of achieving the Divine Talent. And breaking her 7 Hymens?

After he broke the second one, a new hymen hadn't grown back yet. But he couldn't wait to break all of them either.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229 - 229: I've been thirsting blood
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liyue suddenly bit down on his cock hard.

All distracting thoughts left Han Li, and he looked at her beautiful brown eyes. Unlike before, he wasn't completely invulnerable to her bites and scratches.

Even though his skin was not normal skin like Liyue's after he trained in the seven Transformations, and even though she wouldn't be able to cut his dick with her teeth, it was still enough to make it painful for him.

Both he and Liyue had [High Tier Evolved Physique], one level below the [Top-Tier], but that didn't mean they were equals. Han Li fought a person with [Top-Tier] evolved physique—Yang Wei—and won easily while being inferior. How?

His Seven Transformations gave him a unique Divine Body—incomplete as it was—and that made him different. His Skin was already Divine. So were his Organs and Bones. Tendons, Blood, and Flesh were completed, and he would have a complete Divine Body!

She took his dick out of her mouth and held it in her hand in a powerful squeeze. She still didn't have much control over her body, so she kept her power output low.

"Are you even enjoying this, Big Brother?" she questioned, a frown on her face. "You are so distracted."

Han Li patted her head. "I was thinking about you."

She calmed down slightly and put his cock back into her mouth. "Bugg shtill, gyou are not cumming even after I 'ate' it for so long. I feel defeated. Is Mother Yue that good? She makes you cum in seconds when she gives you a blow job."

Han Li pressed her onto his crotch, and her eyes widened in anticipation. She tightly bit down, and Han Li felt the pain lingering for a second before something within him exploded into her warm mouth. She drank it all!

When she separated from her cock this time, her issues had all been sated, and she looked completely satisfied. She even licked her lips clean.

Then, she climbed up in his embrace and just laid her head against his shoulder before beginning to hug him.

"Big Brother, I know you are busy, but for a while longer. Please?" She breathed into his ears seductively. "Let's cuddle for one more hour. Please?"

Han Li didn't have much reason to resist the urge to pet her into sleep. His little empress did deserve more attention after everything she was giving to him. She deserved much more than what he had been providing.

"Don't you feel sleepy, Liyue?" he questioned curiously. "You didn't sleep for a wink the last three days. Even I would want to sleep once in a while."

And his Stamina was monstrous.

"I do feel a bit sleepy, but I don't want to sleep." He could feel her breasts, the size that could barely fit in his hand, push onto his chest. "Let's play around for longer. Till we are both exhausted!"

"Then?"

"Play around again!"

"Why? Are you sad for some reason again?"

"A secret. I won't tell you."

"I can find out if I fuck you. My Existence would dominate yours easily, and there would be no more secrets."

"You keep a lot of secrets, though. I can't keep one?"

Her eyes were full of charm.

But then, she smiled, and it was an extremely alluring smile.

"I'll tell you. I don't want you to give this Paradise Mark to anyone else other than me, I want it to be our thing. But I know that's ridiculous. You are not mine alone—sadly." She had a saddened expression there. "But I am holding you all for myself as long as I can. Can't I?

Let's cuddle for another day like this."

Han Li remembered that and also looked at her using Life Vision for that.

『Secret Arts:

[Paradise Mark: 2 Marks.]

Mark 1: Paradise Lord (Han Li) would be able to sense her from the other side of the continent.

Mark 2: Equilibrates the physical bodies of the caster and the marked person, enhancing their physical strength to match the stronger of the two.』

This had also been added to her Life Stats. He wondered what his own Stats looked like now.

"You want to hear something that will make you happy?" He asked, biting her delicate nose.

"Hmm. What? Can I have a child? Finally?"

"Not that."

"Boring~."

"What if I say I can only give Paradise Marks to people that I love deeply—and who also love me deeply in return? That I can only give it to seven people in total and you were the first one I gave it to. Boring still?"

She looked at him with stars in her eyes. "Really?"

"Yep."

***

After flirting with Liyue till she completely fell asleep in her comfy but broken bed while wrapped in blankets, Han Li left the room. She would be pretty pissed if she knew it, but he did have some things he had to take care of.

He would return before she woke up.

Currently, it was night and most of the temple grounds were silent. Han Li was in loose black robes, and he still smelled as if he had come out of a pleasure-filled night. He yawned slightly and turned around a corner.

He was about to jump onto the higher pagodas when he frowned.

Something was amiss.

He walked two steps back and looked at where he had just turned. Usually, there would always be an old wisened monk sitting down here meditating. Three meters away from that monk's sitting place, there would always be a cat walking around.

Both of that was not there.

He looked at a plum blossom tree that never blossoms. It was in the middle of a courtyard, and in the moonlight and slight snow, it almost seemed alight. There had always been a night owl that slept atop it, but that was not there either.

He frowned. From all over his leg to hand, nerves started to tighten, but to an onlooker, he must have seemed as normal as before. He looked at a distant pagoda in the sky that still had lights on.

He could see curtains dancing there.

Moonlight slowly filtering in seemed so peaceful and gentle, too.

That was where his Dao Protector, Hua Yu, was in. But in case someone was attacking him, she couldn't reach him that quickly. It would at least take half a minute to arrive, even if she flew with all her effort.

But still, he used a specific method to warn her. How? Of course, he had sent a wisp of invisible Lust Dao energy towards her, and she would feel immensely lustful soon enough; as a Power Born, she would notice it before the power even hit her.

But that was not enough. He wanted to understand clearly who his enemy was before the attack even arrived. But he was also extremely worried about all his women. He spent a second ruminating over all his bonds.

With the Heart Qi bonds that he had placed on all of the Paradise Sect members, he could also feel that all of them were safe—none of them were in harm.

A trap specifically set up for me?

Who would do such a thing?

He could tell that all the monks around had been moved. That all the lifeforms had been put aside. It was as if someone was preparing to take him by surprise in the most optimal and clean manner.

And they must know that he would notice. So, were they that confident in themselves?

Was it Hen Shin?

Han Li wouldn't place too much trust in that monk.

Releasing his Soul Sense infused with Heart Qi—which no one else could sense but people with Heart Qi—Han Li sensed his immediate surroundings, and his frown deepened.

There was nothing around that seemed dangerous.

There was no one around. And that by itself was wrong.

"Something is clearly amiss," the Spirit said from inside his Empty Space. "Do you have some enemies that could do this when Hen Shin was around?"

"I don't have such enemies. As of yet."

As far as he was aware, he hadn't made that many enemies yet. Not anyone particularly strong at least.

"Be careful," the Spirit warned.

Han Li smiled calmly as he nonchalantly walked forward.

Who dared to set a trap for him in his own home?

Was his women in danger, too?

His red eyes deepened by a layer.

In the night, calm footsteps echoed as Han Li wobbled down the courtyard. He was the very picture of a handsome young man drunk on pleasure.

Had someone with sharp eyes noticed him, though, they would have seen snake-like nerves slowly crawling around all of Han Li's body. He hid it in his sleeve.

The first to jump out would see his sword-like hand. Sharp and cold.

'Oh enemy, come, I've been thirsting blood for a while…'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230 - 230: The way they handled things.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li walked around the corridor for a while, and his frown became even deeper. Nobody had yet come to attack him. Nor had he sensed anything that was truly solidifying enough to call tonight a night of murder and assassinations. It started to worry him slightly.

With a flourish of green moss that sprung up beside him in crisp layers, a woman appeared beside him. Green hair, green eyes, a beautiful figure with buxom curves—Who else could it be other than his trusty Dao Protector, Hua Yu?

Han Li didn't speak and just continued walking forward in the corridor with a frown.

Hua Yu was silent for a second and surveyed the surroundings with her green eyes, doubt evident in her eyes. Why did he summon her here at this time?

A red energy had come to her room like a bird, and it made her immensely lustful. She understood it was his way of summoning her, but it was so rude.

She used her Soul Sense. She didn't find anything worthy of note.

"Nothing seems suspicious…" Hua Yu mumbled and blinked. "But that is suspicious. Where are all the monks and hermits? None of them are around."

Han Li calmly said, "Go protect the others. Don't mind me—something is going on."

Without questioning his decision, Hua Yu vanished. Before leaving, she asked, "I'll gather all of them around in one room and wait for you—Should I try to find Hen Shin?"

"Don't. I'll find him, keep all of them safe."

Her presence vanished entirely. Han Li sighed.

He began to use Soul Sense, but this time, he missed his Existential powers with it, and he could now sense the existence of anyone 10 meters around him. There was a faint calmness in the surroundings and a lack of life in general.

Han Li placed a hand on his face, and a dark veil appeared around it. He entered a nearby room and, seeing the emptiness inside, took a bamboo hat hanging over the wall.

With a smile, Han Li's figure began to warp like an illusion, and he ran out in a blur.

The Spirit said from his Empty Space, her tone grave, "I know this style of assassinations—it's those creepy bunch. At first, the mortals vanish from the surroundings, then Awakened vanish, then Evolved will vanish, and then a dark veil covers the horizon. The night would become so utterly dark it would be as if you were deep underwater. Then—"

Han Li continued the rest, "When the darkness covers the world, they will strike. When they leave, nothing will remain to tell the story."

"You know them?" she was surprised.

Han Li's face was dark. "I should have anticipated this. This is going to get a bit messy."

Suddenly, he turned a corridor, and Han Li's heart skipped a beat. An Existence had appeared in his senses, and it was not an enemy's. He ran towards her position and immediately scolded, "Mom, what the fuck are you doing here at this night?"

Yue Li was at first a bit frightened by the masked figure in a bamboo hat, and she had already raised her knife unknowingly. But she quickly calmed down.

"Xiao Li, something is wrong!"

Han Li reached closer to her, and Yue Li's expression suddenly changed as she struck with her sword. It headed straight for Han Li's eyes in a vicious stab, but he quickly neutralized her attack, and before she knew it, she had lost the knife.

Her posture had also turned weird; she was about to fall, but Han Li held her by her robes near her ass, not letting her fall.

"It really is you, Xiao Li…" she said coyly and then straightened herself in a soft jump. Then, she showed him a hand, and he gave her the knife.

She said shyly, "I wanted to test if it was y—"

Han Li didn't speak to her, and she could see his eyes suddenly roaming around. There was some tension on his brows, and just as she wondered what was about to happen, his hands moved like a blur with immense speed. When everything cleared up before her, an explosion of blood, followed by a woman's corpse, gently fell from Han Li's side.

A head was in the air for a second before it fell to the ground with a thud.

Han Li's palm, coursing with nerves, dripped with blood, and Yue Li had her heart thump.

"Where did she come from?" his mother blurted out in alarm, but he just gave her a smack on the back of her head with his clean hand.

He had some countermeasures in place just in case Yue Li was attacked while he was not beside her, but this… dumb woman. Why was she walking out of her room the first thing something was amiss?

Did she think of herself as some detective?

"You should have waited for instructions and hid according to my teaching. What are you doing here?"

"Didn't you call me here?"

Han Li's face changed. "I called you here?"

"That is not impossible. These people have a method of bringing out people in hiding, they send out illussory waves that make the ones in hiding feel as if they are being called out by their loved ones—Your Mother must have been affected by that." The Spirit warned.

Han Li growled and then looked at the woman's corpse beside him. She was using some kind of Magic Power to hide herself and become invisible. That meant she had a Great Dao of Light related Dao Soul. She was just an Evolved and nothing too powerful at that.

"Xiao Li, who are these people?" His mother asked, rubbing the back of her head.

With a lot of worry and reluctance, she was looking at the corpse of the woman. Years had passed since she began seeing murder and bloodshed but it was still hard for her to see it. This woman her son just killed, too, would have had a life just as vibrant as their own.

Han Li sighed. "Fine, it's better that you are with me than with Hua Yu. Take my hand and don't leave it no matter what."

She took his hand and asked, "So, who are they?"

"The Cult. Some crazy bastards. One of the Four Sects—Sacred Cult, to be exact."

"Why are they here?" Yue Li panicked. "Did they find out about us making a sect and now want to kill us?"

Han Li shook his head. "Their target is not us—It's Hen Shin."

From Han Li, a small globe of red aura began to expand, and he sensed his bonds. Everyone was still safe. He was sure they would be—after all, he was aware of how the Sacred Cult worked. They wouldn't kill anyone.

They were extremely averse to killing innocents. All of the people here were safe.

Or else, why would Han Li be so calm?

Of course, Han Li himself was not safe anymore since he had killed one of them.

He was no longer innocent in the book of the Sacred Cult.

But Han Li was not at all worried.

"Mom. Have you ever seen a bloodbath?"

"No, Xiao Li. I don't want to, either. Don't kill unnecessarily, or I won't talk to you anymore. Have some humanity."

Han Li smiled at her good natured naive words.

"I won't have to kill. Let's go watch it—a bloodbath. We are spectators this time and we would get some benefits too."

A moss ball appeared beside Han Li and he received a small letter.

"Everyone's safe. Except your mother but I can see her with you—Should I pick her up?"

Han Li looked up at a pagoda in the sky. Hua Yu was looking at him from there. He could also see many other beautiful woman gawking from the limited space of the window, pushing each other away for space to see.

Even Liyue was there, extremely clear to his senses due to the Paradise Mark he left on her. Unlike other women trying to see from there, she was not pushing anyone and was given a wide berth. Her body was a bit uncontrollably powerful now.

Anyone she touched would be injured. She had Han Li's physical prowess and the control of an infant—of course, she was struggling, and the only one she could interact with was Hua Yu.

Han Li shook his head.

He didn't need Hua Yu to take care of his mother.

"Where do you think the fight is going on?" he asked.

The Spirit shook her head. She had no idea.

"How would I know…" Yue Li shook her head too, grumbling. "I came out because you called me but you say you didn't call me. I am confused—so confused. And the first thing I see is murder."

Han Li looked at her with a side-eye.

A murder happened, yet, she was calmly talking with him as if nothing had happened, this little woman really had grown some warrior spirit.

He gave her a short kiss, and she could only accept it.

"Now? You are kissing me now of all times—"

She was silenced with another kiss.

"Grr, explain this s—"

"Okay, that's enough. Let's go." He pulled her hand and ran towards the tallest building where he could see everything.

He had just given her the first of the three Paradise Marks, but she didn't have to know that—from now on, he could sense her as clearly as a moon among the mottling stars in the sky. And he would have to give her the next Mark later.

For now, it was time to see the Sacred Cult's attempt at murdering Hen Shin.

Han Li licked his lips. Hen Shin was not going to die—unless the Transcendent Cult Master of the Cult came. But that was impossible. He knew what was going to happen in clear detail but it was going to be fun to watch it unfold regardless. And he could even violate his mother while doing it.

"Ah, I just lack a bottle of wine."

And maybe, just maybe, he should also join the bloodbath for fun.

Soon, he and his mother were on the top of a Pagoda's roof and they could see down the ground. Yue Li held onto his hand tight and took a deep breath.

Han Li's gaze moved to a globe of darkness in the middle of the skies, floating there like a dark pearl. He smirked.

"Found you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231 - 231: Magic Power? No. Dao? Yes.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li couldn't see into the darkness of the pearl-like darkness above the night sky. It was a barrier of sorts that destroyed all the senses. He calmly pushed his Existential aura into his eyes, and all the beings inside the orb of darkness became clear.

It was the same for the Spirit. It could also watch whatever was happening.

"Seven people are surrounding Hen Shin, and all of them are strong Power Birth Stage Cultivators. Hmm?" Spirit said with a bit of shock, "Two of them are even of Sacred Talent!"

She didn't really know how good Hen Shin was. She just saw him as a random Sacred Talent Power Born—but Han Li knew he was one of the strongest of those.

Han Li shook his head in irritation; Munyu was good at using her Existence.

"Your Existence reading abilities are beyond me. I can barely understand who they are and their Cultivation stage with my bare eyes."

Of course, using Life Vision was a different thing.

His Mother grew comfortable on his lap and just looked up. She could see a dark globe in the sky but nothing else—talk about boring. But of course, she had her son's lap to sleep on, the moon to gaze at, and a rooftop to sit on.

She wanted nothing else.

The falling snow and the cold were a bit irritating, but it, too, had a flavor of its own. Now if he would start to grope her ass, it would be perfect.

Just as she thought of that, Han Li began groping her breasts, and she grew even more comfortable. He wanted her breasts tonight? That was fine, too.

But she grew a bit awkward soon. She had eaten a Water Dao resource that made her lactate, and as he groped, milk began to leak out of her nipples, and her clothes soon gained some wet spots.

"Do you want a drink, baby?" she asked.

She wanted to give him her milk, but the bastard suddenly bit down on her nape. She could feel him literally sucking her blood. But somehow, it was way more satisfying than she expected and very pleasurable too.

Her face grew slack, and she said with an airy voice. "Drink milk instead of sucking your mom's blood. Little son—I almost thought you would really show me a bloodbath tonight."

"Little son?" Han Li stopped sucking her blood. "Call me Big Son instead."

"Yeah, Big Son, why are you sucking your mom's blood dry?"

"Breast Milk is also blood, idiot." Han Li replied cockily. Even though he had just drunk blood because it was the easier one to access in their position, she didn't need to know that.

Yue Li almost squirmed in satisfaction. His sucking her blood felt very satisfying. You know, right? This was just where she should be. Where she belonged.

She almost purred in satisfaction.

She had been getting way less attention lately!

Han Li just continued groping her chest and drinking her blood. He felt very thirsty, and her blood sated all the thirst for now. Of course, he also kept providing her with a lot of his Vitality using his Vitality Channeling. She wouldn't really lose any energy.

His hand slowly moved down from her chest and came to rest in between her thighs. She was still in her clothes, but that place felt very warm.

"Mom, may you please open your legs up a bit?"

She didn't open her legs. Yue Li said with a hum, "Do it forcefully."

Han Li's hand moved down like a slithering snake, and she didn't even have the power to stop him. He simply began fingering her through the clothes, and soon enough, she was dripping so much that her pussy became visible through the cotton pants.

He inserted a finger into her hole through the cloth, and she huffed; her face was flushed as her waist arched slightly, and she… came, completely spoiling her pants and his hand.

"Hmm… so good," his mother said dreamily.

But then, she felt him licking her nape.

He had healed her nape by licking.

Then, he made her raise from his lap and simply tore a small hole behind her pants. He made her sit back on his lap, but as she sat back, she grunted.

"Mmm~"

Yue Li could feel something powerful entering her backyard. It entered deep, and when she gasped, she knew her son's cock had once again entered her ass.

Han Li sighed in satisfaction.

"This place behind you is totally built for me…" he said in her ears. "Almost as if you were molded in my shape."

Yue Li didn't move, and neither did Han Li thrust. They just sat there like that.

To an onlooker, it was just a mother sitting on her son's lap, but only they knew that the son's cock was inside the mother's tiny asshole, dominating it. Yet, they seemed so innocent from the side.

A mother and a son sitting together and speaking innocent things.

"Let's just stay like this for a long time, Big Son," Yue Li said coyly, her face flushed.

"Hmm. Quite a… nice proposition."

He once again continued drinking her blood and fingering her little sister. She moaned often, but they didn't change their position, nor did Han Li move.

Han Li smilingly removed the bamboo hat and mask that he had taken on his way here and placed them on his mother. She looked like a mysterious assassin out on a hunt after she wore the mask and hat, and she clicked her tongue in excitement.

Ninja!

But to Han Li, she was just a little kitten sitting on her son's lap. They returned to watching the sky.

After a long time of sitting and watching like that, the dark globe in the sky suddenly broke, and eight people appeared in the sky, flying. All of them were injured to certain degrees, and blood was dripping down from their injuries.

All of them were expert Power Born!

They immediately noticed him and his mother!

Hen Shin's eyes widened.

'What are you doing here, Han Li?' he asked, using voice transmission.

Han Li waved his hand. "Don't mind me. I am just watching you guys so that I can learn. Continue, continue. Let me see how the Power Born fight."

The Sacred Cult didn't attack innocents, and thus, they didn't give him any trouble, and the battle soon continued. Han Li watched with ardent interest while his mother sat on his lap with her face flushing more and more.

She asked in a bit of fear, "They wouldn't see us, right?"

Han Li kissed her left cheek. "Worried about that?"

"A bit. I don't want to be seen like this by any man other than you. Disgusting."

"I'd kill him if someone saw that." Han Li said out of exasperation. "Don't worry. Watch that amazing battle in the skies—no one would notice."

Her cheeks suddenly puffed up, and she closed her mouth with her hand in panic.

"You came!" she hissed.

"Watch the battle."

She kept back the moan and began watching the 8 Power Born fighting in the sky.

The battle was so intense that the eight people in the skies had no time to watch two insignificant people on the ground.

Even if they saw, though, they would not see anything clearly.

Han Li had some tricks up his sleeve, and even though Magic Powers of the Evolved level didn't work on Power Born, his tricks would, at least from this distance. If they looked, even if they tried to do it with the clear intent of seeing his actions, they would only find two decent people and not a mother and son fucking.

It was simple.

His Lust Dao powers could affect Power Borns. It could slightly alter their perceptions by manipulating their lust into a sort of illusion. He was not using Magic Powers but the Dao itself; of course, it would 'work' against them.

If his powers didn't work on Power Born, how could he make Hua Yu lustful using a bird of energy?

Of course, he was not using Magic Powers but the true Dao of Lust.

Even though he doubted what the result of his fighting a Power Born would be, it was not hard to manipulate them in a way that didn't harm them.

If they were about to be harmed, their instinct might get him in trouble in a fight, but playing harmless tricks… he was sure they wouldn't notice.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232 - 232: Sacred Cult and the Hunchback's treasure
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The dawn broke, and the sun finally rose from the horizon. In the birth of the morning light, the temple complex seemed divine. Feeling a bit irritated, Han Li muttered to himself, "You geezers, aren't you going to fight?"

His mother had already been taken away by Hua Yu, and she was now with the others above the pagoda.

He was alone.

The seven people surrounding Hen Shin had stopped their fight in the middle of the night, and they were all debating with intense expressions at the moment.

Han Li looked at all of them with cold eyes.

The seven people from the Sacred Cult had masks covering their faces, and they were all Power Borns. Two of them were of Sacred Talent. Even though they had stopped fighting, they still surrounded Hen Shin, and it seemed as if they wouldn't leave without their needs of coming here fulfilled.

They were all floating in the sky, and as the sun rose, their shadows stretched down.

Han Li could guess what their needs would be. And after all the roundabout conversations overnight, the Cult was about to reveal their motive.

"Hen Shin," a hunched figure said, "Swear loyalty to the Sacred Cult. You have been gifted the power to teleport once a year and also the power to contact anyone in the entire continent using just their hair or other possessions. GIFTED by OUR SACRED DEMON, and thus, you should serve the Cult!"

"Your Sacred Demon?" Hen Shin smiled. "I mean no offense, but that is some… claim."

The seven had their face darkened. But they were Power Born. They remained calm.

"The Sacred Cult is not only one of the Four Sects. It is also an extremely amiable place for monks like you," an old woman said, "You monks all pray and expect a non-existent god from the legends to save you after your death and bring you to his divine kingdom while we of the Sacred Cult do not believe in things that don't have proof—it is time you evolved your mindset, monk."

Hen Shin chuckled and touched his beard. "And thus, you crazy fools worship the dead. No matter how strong the Sacred Demon was, it has been proven multiple times that he is dead. Yet, your Sacred Cult worships him to the point of blindness. Do you expect me to take you seriously, still?"

"Sacreds created the World, and we worship all things Sacred. It is you who has no gratefulness to mother nature. You choose to defy the will of the Sacreds, whereas we follow it. Usually, Hen Shin, we won't bother you, but the gift you have received is the gift of the Sacreds. You can either use it for the Sacred Cult, or we will have to kill you."

Han Li smiled. What a nice bunch.

He had the urge to laugh, but he kept it at a smile.

"Uncle!" Han Li called innocently. "How do you know that using his powers for the Sacred Cult is the will of the Sacreds?"

The seven people in the air looked down at him.

"Foolish youth, do not interrupt the old when we are speaking!" The hunched old man said coldly.

Han Li smiled. Heh. Will of the Sacreds. Others might not know them, but who was Han Li?

He was a person who had come back from the future. He knew what this battle would end up as, and he also knew what their true motive and behind-the-scenes action was. That was why he was irritated that he hadn't expected their attack on Hen Shin.

In his past life, after Hen Shin returned from the Demon World and became the strongest known Power Born, Hen Shin spread his name by defeating the combined forces of seven Power Born. That was how he actually became the strongest.

Han Li had missed that fact. Three years of being comfortably protected had made him forget it—in the end, there was nothing that threatened him there.

Will of the Sacreds. Their ass.

They were the most heinous organization of all in Sacred Lust Continent. In other's eyes, they followed the 'will of the Sacreds' which the Sacred Demon of Lust left behind before he died—apparently.

There will be an extensive amount of rules to live by, and the Cult kidnapped young children at the tender ages of one or two and ingrained those rules into their minds. Even among these Power Born, only one or two might have a sane mind.

Others would go insane if you say a word against the Sacred Demons.

In fact, these people worshipped the Sacred Demons so much that the women above might even bend over if he said he was the inheritor of their god. But Han Li didn't plan to. The Cult Master of the Cult was a woman he was well aware of.

That woman was no gentle soul. Nor was she a brainwashed pig who worshipped the Sacred Demons. That was a woman who would kill him if he threatened her authority. And heh, beyond even that, Han Li knew a secret.

Sacred's will? Will of the Sacreds? Bullshit.

It was just something they themselves wrote in ancient times so as to hide the disgusting nature of their sect from the masses.

Tell that it is the will of the 'Sacreds' instead of the will of the 'Random' man, and even if other Sects know what you are doing is heinous, they won't stop you. Thus, they hid the rules that made the disciples deadly loyal to their sect in the guise of a higher being's will, and everyone followed it.

Suddenly, Han Li asked, "Hen Shin. I still have that promise, right? This year's teleportation. That's mine—hope there won't be any inconvenience."

The masked cultist looked down at him. They were not the kind to kill innocents—but if it was in the name of the Sacred Will—hehe. Of course, Han Li had no reason to offend them. It would be a useless accumulation of enemies.

But he was sure he would fight them one day or the other, and today, he had some plans. There was a renowned treasure in the cultivation world that had existed from ancient times—and today, that treasure was in the hunchback old man's hand from the Sacred Cult.

Han Li wanted to steal that. Even if he ended up offending the Sacred Cult for that, he didn't mind. He would leave using Hen Shin's teleportation right after. That treasure was worth making an enemy of the Sacred Cult's Cult Master.

The Spirit, Munyu, nodded from his mind. "Indeed, that is an incredible treasure."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233 - 233: Or maybe it's because of me?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Suddenly, Han Li asked, "Hen Shin. I still have that promise, right? This year's teleportation. That's mine—hope there won't be any inconvenience."

The masked cultist looked down at him.

How dare this child?

Han Li chuckled.

He was sure he would fight the Sacred Cult one day or the other, and today, he had some plans. There was a renowned treasure in the cultivation world that had existed from ancient times—and today, that treasure was in the hunchback old man's hand from the Sacred Cult.

It usually wouldn't leave the hands of the Transcendent Stage master from their cult, but lucky for him, he guessed. But still, the hunch-backed old man was no simple game. He had a Power Birth Cultivation even though he was one of the weakest of the bunch.

If he were to use the treasure, he would become even more troublesome to deal with.

Hen Shin nodded. "That is true, Yashi. I had indeed promised the use of my powers for this year—and it is dedicated to the young man below."

"You have no power to promise others the use of this power." The hunchback old man, Yashi, growled.

Hen Shin shook his head with a sigh. "Indeed, as someone once said, it is better to be a soldier in a garden rather than a gardener in war. Who said people could bully me just because they want to?"

He muttered something, and all of the people around tensed.

Truth Dao Magical Power—Thorn of Lies can Hurt.

Suddenly, everyone other than Yashi and an old woman coughed up blood and jumped back in horror. Their masks dripped crimson.

Han Li's eyes shimmered.

Another Dao under the Life Great Dao—Truth Dao.

Hen Shin, on the other hand, had a calm mocking expression. "That power only hurts those who lie. What a filthy bunch. Even you, Yashi. Your defensive powers are admirable."

***

Hua Yu, Hua Feilan, Liyue, Ruo, Yue Li, Li Yao, Wei Yuanfen, and Shin Wenyu. All of them were above a particularly hidden room with a transparent ceiling. They could all see into the sky, and most of them had been watching the battle all night long.

Some had fallen asleep, of course. Not many had the patience to watch old men bicker.

Laying on Yue Li's lap, Ruo was comfortably silent for a while. When the battle began, her brown eyes shined, and she licked her lips.

"Mom. Power Borns are so strong, right?"

"Hm. They are," Yue Li combed the girl's hair as she nodded.

"There are seven people, right?" Ruo asked worriedly. "Can that old baldie even handle all those?" Then she increased her volume and asked, "I wonder why Sister Hua Yu doesn't go and help him."

Yue Li gave her forehead a flick. "I knew you were going to do that."

Ruo smiled and rubbed her forehead. With her white hair lying all over, she was extremely beautiful. Yue Li could tell why her son would be so into this young lady.

"Hehe. I am not my dumb mother. How can I not do my due diligence?" Ruo asked, a bit sleepy. "Even your son Han Li would be mad if I don't ask these basic questions—in fact, I should have asked earlier but I was too sleepy."

Yue Li pinched her nose, and Ruo grimaced.

…

Hua Yu stifled a yawn as she looked around. Most of the women were asleep in all sorts of weird forms. Some laying their heads on the couch, some on her bed, and some just sprawled on the ground.

"Don't ask me why I didn't go to help. Your big brother Han told me to protect you all here while the battle is ongoing." Hua Yu shrugged. "He must have his plans."

Ruo blinked and muttered. "He isn't being reckless, right?"

"Why are you suddenly worried after all this time?" It had already been a night. If Han Li had been reckless, he would have calmed down.

Liyue, who was in the lotus position, opened her eyes calmly from the side.

"Big Brother is never reckless."

Ruo blinked. "Well, I won't deny that."

"Just enter his bed when he is in the mood. You will know how good he is and why we love him so much." Liyue sighed. "Of course, that's not the only reason."

Ruo rolled her eyes and looked towards another person in the room.

Shin Wenyu, who was awkwardly sitting on the couch where Wei Yuanfen was sprawled in an unsightly manner, nodded to her with stars in her eyes. This woman was not going to fall asleep tonight.

Ruo pondered for a second and then decided. Fuck it, I'll help you out a bit.

"Big Sister Liyue," Ruo called out and sat up from Yue Li's lap. Then she crawled towards Liyue and took her big sister's hand.

Liyue squinted her beautiful eyes at her. "What do you want, you sneaky brat?"

"My Big Sister is the most beautiful. The most graceful. Her spear is the most mighty, while her husband is the best of all men."

Liyue pinched the cheeky girl's ear. "What do you want?"

"Hehe. My big sister knows me the best. You know, right, my friend Wenyu over there…"

Liyue squinted, and Ruo gulped inwardly.

'Damn, this woman is scary,' she cursed.

Meanwhile, Shin Wenyu, on the side, had frozen in her sitting position and had a blush go all the way up her neck. She could guess what Ruo was about to say.

"So, Big Sister Liyue. Wenyu is head over heels for our handsome Brother Han. She is all over him and wants him to love her like he does you—any chance?"

Liyue looked at Wenyu curiously, then back at Ruo.

"She is a beautiful woman. I don't see any problem with her not getting a chance to sleep with him."

"Really?" Wenyu asked but then panicked. "But I don't just want to lose—lose my virginity to him. I want—I want to be like you."

"Like me?" Liyue frowned.

"Like, you know, he has these cold eyes even though it's hard to see the coldness. He walks around all indifferently with that, um, smile of his that seems just lionel. But whenever he sees you, it's like he changes… and becomes so caring."

"He changes around me?" Liyue couldn't help but have her eyes shine. "What is he like to you?"

"He is polite to me but indifferent. I… I showed him all the hints. I even grew my hair for him. Do I have no hope? Am I just bad?"

Liyue scratched her cheeks in curiosity. "I don't really know to be honest. I never had this trouble with Big Brother. He came to me and swooped me off my feet before I knew it, so yeah, maybe it's because you are not his taste."

"Brutal! More brutal than me!" Ruo muttered in wonder.

Wenyu, on the other hand, had paled.

She asked, "Or maybe it's because of my origin?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234 - 234: What a haul!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liyue chuckled at the woman's fearful attitude and nodded. "Could be. Maybe he doesn't want to offend Hen Shin for an unknown woman's infatuation."

"It's not infatuation—it's pure deep love."

"Damn, Big Sister Liyue, she is not too different from you. If you wanted, I think you can make them work out, right?" Ruo prodded Liyue's shoulder irritatingly. "I don't see Brother Han ever rejecting something his dear wife Liyue would ask."

"That's true." Liyue showed a charming smile. "But the thing is, I am no charity service, little lady. I don't like sharing him in the first place. Why should I help someone get on his bed when I could be with him all those times?"

Yue Li snorted from the side with puffed cheeks. "If I thought that way, you would have never gotten him."

Liyue coughed, embarrassed. "You can't stand against me, Mother…"

Yue Li winked at her.

"So, Ruo. Here is the offer for you." Liyue patted the lady's cheeks. "Go ask your Brother Han nicely and see what he says. As you don't see him rejecting anything I wish for, I also know that he would never~ reject anything you ask."

Ruo gritted her teeth. "I will give you a massage or something."

"I have my hubby to do that. I don't need you."

"I will beg on my knees."

"I don't enjoy making my little sister beg."

Liyue's eyes were shining with mysterious chuckles.

Ruo shrugged and then sighed.

"Sorry Wenyu, this demoness of a big sister doesn't want to see you be in his bed—curse her, I tried my best."

Shin Wenyu smiled awkwardly. She wanted to ask Han Li's mother directly but Ruo had warned her against that, she didn't want to offend Ruo.

Yue Li sighed. She was bored.

"Liyue, how is your nightlife these days?" she asked. "You were in your room for nearly three days… I've never lasted THAT long. What did he do? Any hope for a grandchild for this humble mother?"

Liyue blinked. "He rejected me… No hope."

"I knew it. He also rejected me when I asked years ago."

Suddenly, an explosion happened outside, and something blasted itself against the pagoda walls. The whole building shook but rigid moss had covered the structure, and help it firm.

Everyone who had been asleep woke up except for Wei Yuanfen, and all of them were pale in the face. Li Yao was breathing heavily in shock, even.

A cold voice echoed across the World.

"Yanshi. You will not leave my temple with both arms. Cut one off."

"Hen Shin, you go too far. Do you want the Sacred Cult's master to come personally for you?"

"I, too, have a Transcendent backing me. Cut off one of your hands and I'll let you go—you are already injured, don't try to take it too far yourself or I might stop restraining myself."

…

Liyue looked out through the pagoda's window and saw her brother just beside the hunchback. Her face went pale.

"What is he up to?" Ruo asked from her side and Yue Li also sqeezed in.

"How dare you beat down an elderly. Hen Shin. You are shameless. I didn't know you were such a man!" Han Li said disappointedly.

He then went near the old man and gave him a hand.

Hen Shin looked at him speechlessly from the air. Everyone became silent.

Somehow, Han Li was not in his usual form, and his hair had turned dark silver, while his body had turned into chiseled iron.

Blade Fusion form.

The third ability he had gotten after Transforming his body into that of the Sacred Demon.

A dark sword had pierced Yanshi before anyone noticed it—completely from nowhere—and there was silence all around as Han Li snatched a pearl necklace from the old man's neck.

"If you move, old man, I will slide my sword up, and your head will fly. So don't move, as for the other seven, don't move either—or I'll kill this poor elderly."

Han Li threw up the necklace, and Liyue caught it.

'Spirit, are you ready?'

'Always have been.'

With a thought, all of the people in the room, including Liyue, just vanished into thin air. Only Hua Yu was a distinction, and with the pearl necklace in her hand, she slowly floated down to stand beside Han Li.

Her face was full of sweat.

"What are you?" The hunchback's eyes were full of bloodlines. He was wheezing.

Han Li winked. "Nothing but a little thief."

Understanding the situation, Hen Shin calmly said, "Have a clear picture of where you want to go in your mind, and I will send you there using teleportation—have a clear picture of the place you want to be in. And don't you dare mistreat my disciple!"

Smiling, Han Li nodded. "Thank you for the past three years."

Hua Yu held Han Li's hand.

The Sacred Cult members were all agitated and worried—that necklace was even more valuable than the hunchback's life. It was a true treasure of the Sacreds.

What was that necklace?

It was the embodiment of a Demon World. Just like the Lust Demon World that Han Li had visited three years ago, this treasure also contained a Demon World!

A DEMON WORLD!

The Detached Empty Space of a Sacred Demon.

Of which Sacred Demon, Han Li was unaware, but it was a treasure nonetheless.

Inside it, an actual world with all fauna and flora was there, and only the Sacred Cult's master could control entry in and outside it. Usually, it was used to make travels easier and almost all of the cult's younger generation was inside it.

Hundreds of Evolution Stage cultivators!

Even the Evolution Stage cultivator Han Li had murdered was part of the ones that had been released from the necklace earlier—the Demon World inside was a camp. It was their moving headquarters, sort of, and there was not even a single Power Born protecting it.

With a buzz, Hua Yu also vanished, and Han Li took hold of the necklace. He wouldn't have been able to steal it even if he wanted to, as it was covered in an Existential aura that normal people couldn't even sense.

But since the Spirit and Han Li knew that trick, it was easy.

The other six Power Borns wanted to retaliate against Han Li. But they couldn't.

They were not only worried about the Hunchback or the Necklace. Fear. Cosmic fear was coursing through their veins as Han Li looked at them indifferently.

Heart Qi—Fear.

Spirit and him working together made all these Power Borns just freeze in horror. It was temporary, but that was enough.

"I have been wishing for this treasure. Thank you for bringing it to me. I will treat the juniors really well on your behalf, seniors."

Hen Shin brought out red mist out of nowhere and the mist flowed towards Han Li before beginning to wrap around him, he wore the necklace over his head. Then, as the stunned men watched helplessly, he vanished.

The Spirit's cocky chuckle echoed around like a maddened howl.

Oh, what a haul.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235 - 235: Memories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Big Brother, Big Brother, how do the Power Born fight?" Han Li was tying Ruo's hair in braids, getting her ready for training when she asked.

He paused for a moment. Then asked with a tinge of embarrassment, "How am I supposed to know how the Power Born fight? I am just an Evolution Stage cultivator…"

Looking at the mirror, he felt even more embarrassed when Ruo sighed exaggeratedly.

"You are an ignoramus. Right, Mom?" she teased and then asked Yue Li, who was busy looking at Han Li and herself. Already, Yue Li had started building some wrinkles around the edges of her face while, her hair had started to whiten too.

"Oh, Xiao Li is not an ignoramus, dear." Yue Li chuckled. "He is just young. And aren't you asking a question way above his fighting range? That's your fault, not my son's."

Ruo spat. "There you go again, standing on your son's side like always and singling me out. Tch, tch—What was it called again? Simp?"

Yue Li blushed.

From the side, Han Li looked into the mirror and couldn't help but clench his hands. Eyes as dark as the abyss looked back at him. Immaturity coated his face while confidence alluded his grasp.

Am I enough?

Can I protect those dear to me the way I currently am?

How can I? I am so weak. Ruo, are you telling me to be more mature and learn things a step ahead of me? Or is it just an innocent question?

"I will go check how the Power Born fight. I'll be back quick," saying that, his face blushing slightly, Han Li left the room and closed the door behind him.

Whatever it was, looking into it and answering her question sounded like the right thing to do.

For a second, the room was silent, and then the mother-daughter duo burst into laughter.

***

Han Li floated above a silent ocean, waveless and soundless—alone. His eyes were closed, his mind unconscious. A pearl necklace hung around his neck while his robes had vanished at some point, leaving him naked.

Suddenly, the necklace around his neck lit up, and a person materialized in thin air around him. She first looked around. Ocean blue was the expanse she saw, and so was the sky the same blue.

White clouds, barely one single mass of it, floated above them slowly. While below them, as she looked, the seawater reflected her face. Crystalline green eyes, green hair, a green robe that she had grown used to wearing for the last couple of years which accentuated her beauty.

She then breathed gently and looked back at Han Li. She had seen him the first thing after she appeared in this place from the necklace. He was floating above the ocean, and even though he was unconscious, the ocean here was not normal.

Landing slowly from her levitating form, the woman frowned as her legs touched the water. Something pushed her away from the world underwater. Frowning, she muttered, "Strange."

Her hand went for Han Li, ready to wake him up. He must know in what kind of place they were. Yes, the place looked truly beautiful, but such beauty often hid the danger. He must know.

She just had to wake him up.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you, Hua Yu."

Hua Yu froze.

Where did that come from?

Her slender fingers quivered slightly.

"Don't search for me. You can't see me unless I wish to be seen, yes, not even if I wish—I am currently residing in his necklace."

"N—necklace?"

"Munyu, people call me. Spirit is my other name. But whatever it is, one thing is that you shouldn't wake him up."

Hua Yu used multiple Magical Powers on herself to boost her senses. Having the Moss Dao Soul didn't help her—it was restricting her in many ways, and senses were not its best forte.

She could find no one around even after she spread unseeable, dust-like moss around for a long distance.

"Why shouldn't I wake him up?" Hua Yu warily asked.

"Look, woman. I don't have time to spend talking about bullshit and proving my identity. Go in and bring out that lass Liyue from the necklace world, and she will tell you I am no enemy."

Hua Yu was conflicted for a second before she said with a neutral face, "I can't take her out. To move out even by myself, I had to fly up into the sky of the 'Necklace World' and reach the limit of the skyline, a barrier, sort of, and that was draining—I am sure I can't handle two people at once."

Munyu mumbled. "I see. The Necklace is bonded to Han Li's will; you walked out without his permission, so it is the same as going against his will. We will have to wait until he wakes up for others to be pulled out normally.

"Well, all of them are useless except that mother of his anyway. But I need them all out, though—only then can this benefit us the most."

Feeling less wary but still on alert, Hua Yu asked, "Why is he unconscious?"

Munyu casually said, "He is not unconscious."

"…?"

"He is conscious. Probably more conscious than he had ever been in his entire life. He is currently watching the world with closed eyes, I suppose."

"What jibberish ar—"

"Vital Enlightenment. He once had it when he fought me years ago, but I destroyed his once-in-a-lifetime opportunity by interrupting it. Had he had the chance, he would have gotten his own Vital Weapon by now."

"So he is experiencing something fortuitous?"

"He is. He is searching for his own meaning in existence, his own ambition, reason for living, and much more. Only when he is out would you know what his Vital Weapon turned out to be in the end."

"What is a Vital Weapon?" Hua Yu asked in frustration.

The Spirit chuckled inwardly.

It was such a unique fact that, after one reached a certain level in their cultivation, all of the world's people would talk even with others they considered their enemies, thus so peacefully. Hua Yu was seeing her as an enemy, still.

No doubt, one of Han Li's people for sure. Cautious little fucks.

She liked it.

"Vital Weapons are a different way of cultivation itself—it is an unopened door for you. A door that Han Li might open today for himself. He must be swimming through his memory now, the reason for his existence."

***

Han Li took a book from the library of the Wisdom Seeking Villa. He was a disciple of the sect, so he was allowed to borrow books and gain knowledge.

With the Gu that the sect planted on him while he joined, it was impossible for him to betray them and spread the knowledge to outsiders. Whenever he was out in the open courtyards of the Sect, he felt the gnawing sense of slavery.

No matter how powerful he became from this point in his life, he will be the Sect's slave. The Gu grew stronger with himself after all. If he were a Transcendent, the Gu would also be a Transcendent-binding Gu.

If he were a Sacred, he would be bound by that level of Gu. It was similar to his Life Sword, which grew stronger along with himself.

'I have to find a way to get rid of this thing—damn it is making me pissed.'

He had to save his mother, and for that, he needed a lifespan-increasing resource. Which was a Life Dao Resource—too rare for a weakling to receive. And for that, he had joined the Wisdom Seeking Villa, one of the Four Sects.

He was of the lowest echelon of disciples, and getting the resource was a distant goal.

'How do Power Borns fight?' the Book read. Not that interesting or useful but Han Li could not be seen as incompetent. Not by that cheeky girl. He swore he would learn how it worked.

He would make Ruo bend her knees for making him learn too.

Awakening Stage Cultivators don't have many methods of fighting when it comes to it. The only thing they had to rely on that the average mortal didn't have was... Soul Sense.

Using the Soul Sense, they could use weapons and other tools better than a mortal, making them impossible to fight against for their inferiors. But that was it. Against Evolution Stage cultivators, Awakening Stage cultivators were too weak.

Evolution Stage Cultivators had unique Magical Powers, (one that the Awakening Stage Cultivators would have no way of resisting,) if they were the Ethereal Type—the kind of cultivator that had an elemental or magical Spark.

If the Cultivator had a Transformation Type Spark, which made them incapable of using Magical Powers, they had unique Transformations—unique and beastly forms. Deadly at close range.

"True, true." Han Li nodded.

Thinking back on his own life, he had also fought a Transformation Type years ago.

Raven Clan cultivator, Kevin Raven. He used to have a Raven Spark and a Raven Dao Soul. He could transform his body into a powerful Raven Form and throw feathers as sharp as blades around. He was a Transformation type.

Then, there was Ruo. Who had a White Sparrow Spark—she could even take flight when she transformed, which the Raven Clan cultivators couldn't due to the metallic nature of their wings.

Han Li himself was an Ethereal Type. His Spark was Lust, and he had already Evolved, which made his Spark into a Minor Dao Soul of Lust. He excelled in Magical Powers. But with the Demonic Transformations, he was not weak in close combat either.

He continued reading again.

A Power Born is even stronger than an Evolved.

Before them, Evolved men are nothing. A Power Born, for one, can have a much stronger physical body. But that is not what makes them fearful against their inferiors.

A Power Born can have a Soul Sense that is much, much deadlier than an Evolved. Their Soul Sense can physically crush an Evolved with a thought. It is impossible to resist!

Even the strongest Evolution Stage physique will be like crumpling paper.

That Soul Sense is called Psychokinesis.

This alone put the Power Born at a different level.

But there is more to a Power Born fight than just that.

Majorly speaking, the Transformation Type still relies on their body, and the Ethereal Type on their Magic Powers.

But the differences are massive.

Transformation Type cultivators now would have a body that is extremely potent against Ethereal, to the point that a win was most of the time certain as long as the Ethereal enemy let a Transformation enemy closer to them.

But so does Ethereals have their deadly advantage, too.

Han Li's heart tightened as he read on. There it was—no wonder the Power Born were just so disastrously mighty.

Evolution Stage cultivators can use Magic Powers, too. But the way they use it is different from a Power Born.

If they have two Magic Powers, for example, Fire Ball and Fire Explosion, those are two different powers.

If the Evolution Stage tried to combine those powers, they would fail miserably.

"Yep, that's impossible… I've tried it many times. It just doesn't work that way." Even if two powers were used simultaneously, they would just act as separate attacks.

Two different powers fired at the same time.

But a Power Born could use two powers and fuse them into a single type of attack. For example, they can fuse a Fire Ball and Fire Explosion to get a Fireball Explosion. The weirder the abilities and the better they fuse it, the better powers they can get.

This literally sent a chill down Han Li's back.

He had the Seduction Magic Power and also Telepathy. Can he fuse it to literally whisper thoughts into others that could seduce them to do what they wouldn't? Wasn't that nearly mind control?

"Damn, that could be used in disgusting ways if it ended up in the hands of a Demon," Han Li could also see why Evolution Stage cultivators would so utterly fear the Power Born.

They were not using simple Magic Powers any longer but complex Magic Powers. The Power Born also had quick casting speeds, so that was one.

Han Li closed the book and sighed.

"So that's how Power Born fight…" he shook his head. "Using complex Magic Powers that are a mix of many. I wonder if someone can use so many Magic Powers at once…"

What if someone could use three magic powers at once?

What if someone could do that with… 10?

Damn.

What if some ridiculous monster could use all 300 of the Magic Powers at once?

No way.

The highest recorded had apparently been 20 or so, and that Complex Magic Power decimated an entire city with one ability—Killing tens of Power Borns single-handedly. What would happen if someone had the power to mix 300 was a wonder.

But for now, he had what it took to make Ruo bend her knees in defeat. Han Li chuckled as he ran away—back to his place.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236 - 236: Entering a Fantasy with Han Li
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Is… it done?" Hua Yu asked.

The Spirit growled. "Don't be impatient."

"Han Li is still not waking up."

"Of course, he won't wake up this quick. At least 3 hours and at most seven days, he won't wake up at any other time."

A passing wind ruffled her hair, and Hua Yu held it with her hand. They were still above that mystical ocean, and Han Li was still unconscious. According to what she learned from the Spirit, Han Li was apparently giving birth to his own Vital Weapon.

It had been a great revelation to Hua Yu. The fact that Vital Weapons existed was somewhat of a headroller for her. The fact that it was the primary cultivation system of another world made her even more baffled.

Apparently, in the vast cosmos, there were two Everlasting Worlds. Worlds that would never die. Yes, even Worlds apparently died when they grew too old. Even the Seven Continents would vanish at some point in billions of years.

But the two Everlasting Worlds were immortal—Everlasting Human World and Everlasting Beast World. Those worlds didn't cultivate Sparks or Dao Souls; that was the way the people of Seven Continents cultivated.

For one, Everlasting Beast World cultivated Beast Cores and evolutions. As for the Everlasting Human World, they cultivated Vital Weapons. It was a path much more sturdy than the Dao Tree Path of their Seven Continents.

Seven Continent's people were too reliant on the Heavens. Even their Magical Powers were not their own. Only the 7 Demon Inheritors could even be considered actual cultivators.

All of that was head-spinning news for Hua Yu, and the Spirit gave them for free. Of course, Munyu was not lazy while she did it; she was overwhelming Han Li's will on the Necklace and taking control of it.

She needed to bring the people inside of it out. She needed to do that.

"So, what is Han Li currently seeing?"

"Hm?" The Spirit chuckled. "His past. He is reliving his life's most major moment—where his mind decided his purpose in living."

"He is unconscious, yet you can't force away this will of his from the necklace?" Hua Yu was still wary of the Spirit but couldn't even see it. The best she could do was to take the necklace away from Han Li's physical body.

He wouldn't be harmed, at least.

"His will is nearly as strong as mine when I was at my peak, and I am at my bottom now." The Spirit sighed, and then finally, the necklace brightened, and three women popped out into the real world.

Yue Li, Liyue, and Ruo.

"Just enough!" Munyu laughed, and the other three women looked around nervously.

What was this calm ocean?

Everything was so blue.

Liyue was the first to calm down, and she asked with a bit of worry, "Why are we standing above the ocean and not sinking?"

"It's some kind of mystery ocean," Hua Yu said.

Ruo stood up and silently looked at the ocean. There was a frightened look on her face, which soon turned into horror. "We're above the fucking ocean…"

Yue Li came beside her and held her. "You at least fear something. Humph, don't worry, you won't sink and die when Hua Yu is around."

Ruo held Yue Li's hand tightly and looked away from the ocean. Her eyes focused on Han Li, who was gracefully asleep. "Why the fuck is he sleeping now?"

Liyue sneaked behind her and pushed Ruo away from Yue Li. The frightened young lady immediately screamed. "This is no joke, big sis; I'll die!"

Ruo turned on her heels and immediately caught Hua Yu's hand. She really was frightened. Looking down at the ocean… it was so dark deep down, and it just gave her the chills.

She clung to Hua Yu's hand as her life depended on it.

"Sister Hua Yu, push her away," feeling snarky, Liyue chided.

Hua Yu smiled and pushed Ruo away. Even Yue Li was looking at her with amusement but Ruo just felt breathless. "This—this is no joke. I don't like this. Please, no."

All of them simultaneously frowned. Ruo had shrunken into a ball and had closed her eyes and ears. "Big Brother. Bi—Big Brother, save me!"

"Tsk." Liyue clicked her tongue and moved beside Ruo. She pinched the girl's cheek. "I didn't think you were that frightened."

The Spirit's voice came from the necklace in Hua Yu's hand, "Liyue, sit around Han Li and hold onto him. All of you."

"You are here too?" Liyue muttered. "Why the hell do I have to listen to you?"

"It's for Han Li's sake."

"Come Ruo, let's sit with Big Bro."

Eyes teary, the Young Lady Ruo nodded and just clung onto Liyue. When they finally reached Han Li, they sat around him, and each of them held onto a part of him.

Yue Li was the one frowning now. "Liyue, who is speaking? I don't see anyone, but I can hear the noise."

"Don't worry, she is trustworthy—I'll introduce her later."

Yue Li took Han Li's head and placed it on her lap, Ruo took his left hand, and Liyue took his right hand. Hua Yu was beside Ruo, holding onto his left wrist.

"We will all be moving into Han Li's memory scape now and will experience his major life event with him. You will have complete autonomy in that time, but I will warn you, there is no assurance that everything you see there will be the same as reality."

"Why are we doing this?"

"This is a technique I can use. It would help you awaken your own Vital Weapons along with him—but beware, all of our memory scapes, Han Li's, mine, Liyue's, Yue Li's, Ruo's, and Hua Yu's. We will all lose ourselves in a fantasy world. It will change from his old memories entirely because of us."

"I don't get it," Ruo said weakly. "What is going on?"

"Just know that from now on, we will all enter multiple fantasies, and our only goal in each of them is to find and interact with Han Li. If possible, try to become conscious and break out of the dream. When we wake up, we will all have our Vital Weapons."

"Can't we bring the rest of the sisters?"

"I tried, but his will on the necklace is too hard; I'll be exhausted before I bring all of them out," The Spirit was calm.

Liyue touched the necklace and felt the Existence inside. There was also a Heart Qi will that utterly blocked her way in. Her mind was calm; she felt for the will and smiled inwardly. Indeed, she was not the Spirit.

Han Li's will would, of course, not reject her.

She was special to him.

"Sadly, I don't have the ability to make them levitate. I guess they have to work hard themselves to awaken this Vital Weapon later—for now, it's only us."

"It's not that hard to Awaken if you know how to do it. I'll help the others awaken the Vital Weapon when it's their turn." The Spirit said, "But for us, it is now. And let me tell you one last time: we will be in all kinds of situations, but if you die in there, you will fail to awaken the weapon now and will lose the ability to do that forever. So never die."

Ruo scratched her cheeks, and her hand tightened around Han Li's. "We wouldn't sink into the sea, right?"

"No. This place is safe."

"I don't know what is going on now… I just want to go home…"

"Shut up, Ruo, don't be such a coward."

"It's all Han Li's fault," Ruo gave Han Li's hand a squeeze in anger, but it was too powerful. "Now I can't go back to the Temple for so long…"

Suddenly, she started to feel sleepy, and her eyes blurred.

'What is going on?'

Her head spun, and she fell onto Han Li's chest. The last thing she heard was his vigorous heartbeat and then, it was silence and darkness.

'Hm, so I should try to awaken this Vital Weapon, huh? If I do, everyone will be proud of m…'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237 - 237: Stillness of the Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yue Li's hand rested against Han Li's.

"Don't cry now, will you?"

"…"

"Everybody dies, Xiao Li," she said through deep breaths. "Everybody does."

"Mom…"

"Ah, there you go again, don't cry…"

He tightened his grip over her hand, and his tears fell.

"Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes," she held his hand as tight as she could. "Because for those who love with heart and soul, there is no such thing as separation."

Gritting his teeth gently, Han Li asked, "Who are you to teach me?"

She smiled. "I always told you to give me a baby. You would have had a piece of me with you if you did." Ruo was leaning against her from the side, and she, too, was sobbing. "At least, you are here… I am content."

"…"

"Xiao Li, sing me a poem. Tell me, would you miss me?"

"…"

To ask me if I miss her,

It would be like asking the stars if they missed the night,

Asking the sun if it missed its warmth,

Or asking the ocean if it missed the rivers that give it life.

"You know what I like to hear, huh…"

I would recognize you in total darkness.

Were you mute and I deaf,

I would recognize you in another lifetime entirely in different bodies, different times.

And I would love you in all of this,

Until the very last star burnt out to oblivion.

"Do you love her to death?"

Speak of her over my grave,

And watch how she brings me back to life.

"..."

Han Li breathed heavily.

Warm tears streaked down his cheek. He stood rooted to his spot.

His whole body was covered in blood. Every part of him was silent. War had torn him to pieces. All for what?

Blank, he sat.

Sleeping before him was the corpse of his beloved mother; she had aged far too much. Something within him shattered.

Han Li silently stood up and looked at his palm. On it was a crushed insect.

"…Ruo, I found a way to remove the Gu inside me."

Ruo felt her whole body shrink.

Her mother had died; that gentle soul who was always with her and always cared for her had died. There will no longer be any arguments she could have with her, no more sweet dishes only her mother could make. Everything seemed over.

Without touching the corpse, Han Li calmly left the room, and Ruo couldn't bring herself to move her weak body. She just laid against Yue Li.

On his way, Han Li stopped and slumped against the wall.

"…"

An old man squatted before him.

"Young man," he said somberly, "you performed well in the war. Tell me, what do you want from me? Or care tell me your sorrows?"

Han Li smiled at him. "If I tell of the sorrows of my heart, it will burn my tongue. If I keep it in my heart, I'm afraid it will burn me from the inside," tears broke and he began to tremble, "But if I let it out, I am afraid it will burn the whole world."

"…"

"Have you ever known a love that transcends reason, distance, and time?" Han Li asked, "A love so profound you could never be convinced it wasn't destined before you existed."

"I have not."

Han Li closed his eyes and his tears fell, but he didn't speak anymore.

"I have died. Even before my life ended, I have died."

Face red with sorrow, Ruo walked out of her room and leaned against the wall as she stumbled towards him. Her whole body seemed soulless as she laid down and leaned onto his chest.

"Ruo… she left us."

A Man was in shambles.

"I am here, Big Brother. I am here…" Ruo said amidst her own chokes.

How dare the heavens take from me what is mine. How dare it!

How dare the world control my destiny!

How dare it steal my mom's life!

How wonderful it would have been if all of this were just a dream. One year. I just want one year more with her. Take me back in time. Please. Something help me, please.

Please.

Please…

Suddenly, Han Li frowned, and his eyes grew strangely red. It had always been black, but somehow, it flickered, and a profound sensation of awakeness spread throughout him. He looked to his side and found the sobbing Ruo.

Immediately, his heart began to beat a little faster.

This situation. This moment.

Right after my mother's death?!

His gaze moved toward the old man in front of him, and he frowned at the unclear face. Who was this person, I do not remember. But then he looked sideways, and his heart ached at the sight of Ruo's sobs.

An illusion?

Who is casting this on me?

Ruo muttered something incoherent and clung powerfully to him. An encroaching sense of horror began to appear in Han Li's heart. Suddenly, the old man's face became immensely clear.

The War General of the Wisdom Seeking Villa. A person Han Li himself murdered in wrath after Ruo died. A good man who had done no wrong to Han Li personally.

A fearful thought echoed at the back of Han Li's mind.

Was the past few years a dream?

Was going back to the past not real?

Then, a calm heart chuckled at the thoughts.

He unconsciously chuckled in reality.

Ruo looked at him worriedly. The sight of this Ruo, the one who had walked ups and downs with him, made Han Li freeze.

He took a deep breath.

This was not real. He knew this was not real.

But did there exist a real and fake?

As long as a human experienced everything one could experience in real life inside an illusion, was it not just as real?

He turned and looked straight at Ruo.

He hugged her.

"When I had you, I never saw how much you were important to me. When I lost our mom, I was too blinded by the grief, and only when you hung yourself did I understand how much you meant."

"…Big Brother."

"Ruo. Don't worry about mom."

"Big Brot—"

"Not Mom, not you. None of us are going to die." She looked at him with fearful eyes. He comfortably kissed the woman's forehead.

"I know you are but an illusion and that you would once again vanish when I wake up. But let me live a life with you without any regrets."

Taking her hand, he returned to the room with his mother. Face still growing slightly slack with sorrow, Han Li carried her with him and left the Wisdom Seeking Villa, left the bustling city surrounding it, and withdrew from everything.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238 - 238: Bamboo
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li and Ruo moved into a bamboo forest. Using strength that he had cultivated through wars and bloodshed, he built a simple bamboo hut and, along with the sorrowful Ruo, who had just lost her mother-in-law, settled in.

Unlike Ruo, Han Li knew this was just an illusion and not real life. He knew his mother hadn't died. He knew nothing was real. Even this version of Ruo, who seemed life-like to the touch, was not real.

Yes, Ruo's touches, her caresses, her sobbing heart. Everything was what it would have been like if he had moved out of that sect after his mother died. She was alive, living a great life even through her sorrows.

But in his past life, Han Li hadn't moved out of the sect. He hadn't paid much heed to what he had. When he lost his mother, he had believed he had lost everything. He was the most narrow-minded, selfish prick.

When, in fact, he still had Ruo. He had still had this gentle soul of a woman who only had him in return.

When she was young, she was seen as a tool by her own family. When she grew up, she was sold as a slave. In all of this, Yue Li had been her first familial figure and Han Li had been her first and last love. She had no one now except for him.

He had become a maddened oxen after his mother died, and he had lost himself in blood and hatred towards the heavens. Even as he carved a simple flute made of bamboo, and even as Ruo slowly sobbed on his lap, Han Li reflected on it.

In the end, she was killed. To be exact, someone acted as HIM using some Magic Power and told her 'he' hated her. Of course, she had killed herself after seemingly losing everything she had.

Han Li still remembered the words she had left behind for him as clear as day.

Betrayed by the person I love, there is no longer a reason to live.

She had hung herself.

Han Li's hand paused and a single drop of tear fell on Ruo's cheek. The already sobbing woman bit her lips.

"Ruo," he called. Five hundred years of sorrow were refilling his heart with regrets. He liked that feeling. When he returned to real life once more, he would make sure he would live a life of no regrets.

He was now a True Demon. He would live with a heart free of regrets.

Ruo's saddened gaze moved towards him, and Han Li pinched her red cheeks. "I am a very narrow-minded person. I am quite dumb, to be fair. I am very, very emotion prone." He rubbed away her tears. "There is a story I want to tell you."

"…Story?"

"Story of a dumb boy who lost his mother and got blinded."

Once upon a time, long, long ago, there lived a young boy. He was very dumb, but he had an even dumber mother. She would get scammed, she would get her money robbed, she would easily get emotional, and she was a very pure woman.

But this young boy lost her at a certain point, and he became very disillusioned with life. Yet, he didn't notice that he not only had a mother so dear to him, but he also had a young angel who relied on him to live her life.

Only when he lost her did he realize she was just as precious as his mother. The little gem that he should have protected in his life at all times. Sadly enough, the realization came too late. The young angel had also left him.

The narrow-minded, dumb little boy shut out his heart then.

"And he has always wanted to say sorry, both to his little angel and mother. Sorry that he couldn't protect them, sorry that he was so useless. He had already lost the chance. Both his angel and mother were dead. Heavens had taken them from him. So then, he had decided."

"*Sniff* what?" Ruo asked, clenching his hand and trying to hold back a tear.

"Why does the world decide when people die? Why can't I decide so? How dare the world!" Han Li said exaggeratedly with puffed-up cheeks, and Ruo couldn't hold back a sobbing smile. "And this narrow-minded young boy decided. That was it; I was bringing back my angel and mother from death and taking control of everything. How dare the stupid world take anything from me."

"And?"

Han Li sighed and spread his arms. "The stupid little boy grew older and older, but his heart's wounds only grew deeper and deeper. His desire for control made a shell around him, and years passed like flowing clouds. The shell was strengthened by the passing years."

"Then?"

"There were many hungry wolves all over the world who didn't like the stupid little boy. He was too unruly. They all decided to end him." Han Li snorted. "Those fucking sects all teamed up because they couldn't do anything to him alone."

Ruo smiled; she had very faint dimples when she smiled. One had to know how to look, and only then would they be able to see it. Han Li knew exactly how to look.

"He died. They killed him."

Ruo paled slightly. "So he couldn't save his little angel and mother? The little boy never became happy?"

"He did. He was a narrow-minded little boy but even he had grown a lot after going through so many years. The hardened shell had become obsidian. He had become cold. But then, suddenly, his dead mind woke up all the way back in time when his mother was alive."

"Ah!" Ruo mumbled. "So he saved his angel and mother?"

"Yes. He did. He was still that narrow-minded when it came to some things but he too could do things he had already done once easily.

"He saved his angel and mother, but sadly, his angel didn't remember him. But she is, in the end, still that bratty, snort-nosed woman with a mischievous heart. He just wanted to cherish her now."

Ruo scrunched her nose. "It's as if you are telling your story. Big Brother, am I this angel?"

"Of course."

"I feel insulted. I will not be rude—atleast, um, not hurtfully so—to you of all people, even if I lost all my memories."

"Well, what would you do if you didn't have any memories?"

"I'll play hard to get. Maybe look at you weirdly for looking at me the way you look at me now."

"I have a way in which I look at you?"

"Of course you do. Recently, its all the more clear…" Ruo rubbed her eyes and smiled. "You are always looking at others as If you are looking at a tree or some other inconsequential thing, but when your eyes shift to me, I feel like I still want to live."

"You feel like dying otherwise?" Han Li gently rubbed Ruo's white hair.

"Of course, I feel like dying…" Ruo sniffed, and her body trembled. "Mom. I could never see her again. She is dead, after all. Her cooking, her stupid and annoyingly cute behavior, it is all in the past now."

"What if I tell you this is all but a dream?"

"I… wish."

"Would you mind losing all our memories together for another chance at life? A life where you can go back in time and save all of us?"

"I would, of course; as long as you fall in love with me, I can gain memories once again," Ruo sighed. "Memories are not impossible to create, but a person is. If I can, I will go back in time and save Mother first, somehow, then I will make you fall in love with me all over again."

Ruo looked at Han Li. "What would you do if you got the chance to go back in time?" she asked softly.

Han Li looked up at the sky. "I will find everyone and bring them all under me first. Then, I will find a way to attain eternal life for everyone I care about."

"Well…" Ruo took one of Han Li's hands and led it down into her pants. He smilingly complied while wondering how the current Ruo, without memories of her older self, would react if he did something like this.

She would freak out.

"It will be easy to make me fall for you. You just have to save me from my troubles."

"Ruo, tell me, what do you want me to do for you if I can go back in time?"

She hesitated for a second and just felt for the hand in her pants. Then, she beckoned him closer to her with her hand, and he closed his ear to her.

"If you go back in time, one day, come out of nowhere and hug me to sleep. I kinda love that the most in life now."

"Anything more?"

She shook her head, and Han Li kissed her forehead.

"Big Brother. I have a wish. You never handed it to mother. Will you give me children?"

"You want them?"

"Hmm. One or two—It's not like we have any more enemies or anything as long as we don't make much stir. Let us live the rest of our lives in this bamboo forest. With one or two little ones."

"Okay." Han Li sighed and went to the room with her in a princess carry. All week long, her moans echoed throughout the bamboo forest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239 - 239: Big belly
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the passage of time's whispering little hymns, days moved. In one small bamboo forest, in a bamboo hut, Ruo's belly started growing in size at some point, and she became very religious.

Han Li felt it to be quite dumb but he couldn't help but say it was the cutest thing ever.

Like, the white-haired woman had drawn a picture of their mother, and she would kneel in front of it with a puffy face the first thing in the morning. She would then cry or laugh, maybe even bicker, then pray for a good afterlife for their mother.

It was a funny sight, and it made him melancholic. Due to being so forgotten in hatred, he couldn't see this in his past life. The sight of a cute Ruo struggling with a pregnant belly and her wish to pray.

If he didn't wake up early in the morning and help her pray, the woman would totally blow her top and kick him awake. This was one fierce wife with no respect for her husband.

Praying had replaced their morning training. Han Li rarely ever trained anymore. Once a week or so. Most of the time, he would sit outside the bamboo hut and sing his flute. He was getting better at it.

Ruo would be gardening most of the time, but she would also pause to listen. She seemed to like mocking him a bit too much, though she was very abrasive about finding out his false.

"You are such an annoying little woman, aren't you?" he asked, irritated.

"Of course, you'd call me that when I call your flute bad. And, of course, I am pregnant and "

"Because it's not bad. It is better than any I've heard."

"Nah," Ruo rolled her eyes. "I've heard mother say that good music would make the children inside bellies dance. My little ones don't kick me in the gut when you sing, so it is bad."

"Nah, nah," Han Li gave her head a small smack. "They don't kick you because they know their dad would be mad at them if they did. They fear their old man."

"Yeah, yeah, big man," Ruo rubbed her belly and laughed. "You be the vicious dad, and I'll be the kind mom. Let's see who our babies love and who they hate. Don't come to me when they ignore you after growing up."

Han Li glared at her and rubbed his nose. "You are so irritating, and I can't even push you to bed and punish you for it because your belly is so fat."

"Oh god, it's not fat!" Ruo elbowed the side of his stomach, and Han Li grimaced. "I'll not even give you head if you say that again."

Her belly was not that big of an issue in having their bedtime. Pregnancy and sex was never a conflicting subject. One could have both at the same time if their was no complication. It was just that they liked to refrain from anything rough for now.

She liked it that way.

Han Li squinted at her. "So it is time, Miss Ruo."

"For what?" she squinted at him.

"I will now go out to buy milk. You should look after our kids well. Let me see if I can get head from somewhere else."

Her squint turned into a bemused glare. "You are incorrigible, you rascal. I always knew it. Did you fuck some other woman while you were out in the war?"

"Harsh," Han Li's expression darkened. "I was filled with thoughts of saving Mother and coming back to you; where did I have time to do something else?"

"Ah, ah, Han Li, do you think I am seeing my hubby for the first time?" Ruo pushed his face away from hers—his kiss attempt failed. "You can't lie to me, tell me. Who do you love the most, me or some other wench?"

"Of course. Nobody is more important than my Ruo to me now." Han Li hugged her and planted a forceful kiss on her cheeks. She wiped it away. He kissed again. She wiped it away. This time, Han Li's face darkened for real.

"What are you doing?"

Ruo rolled her eyes. "Who is this Liyue you speak of?"

"Li…Liyue? When did I talk about her?"

"I knew it, dumbass." She muttered under her breath and snorted. Sighing, she laid back on the wooden floor of their home and looked up at the sky. Han Li's gaze followed, and he gently clasped her hand.

Through the bamboo shoots, he could see the horizons. In the blue sky, white clouds floated past, along with some birds at times. Sun's harsh rays also gently drifted down in warm coziness.

"Do you want something to eat?" he asked.

"Says the cheater who told me nothing about this Liyue woman. I don't want anything."

"What if I say it is going to be something sweet and something you never ate before?"

Ruo hesitated. Her face scrunched up. "Get lost fuckface; I don't care."

Han Li smirked. "What if it is something good for the babies?"

"That's unfair!"

"You know what? Never mind." Han Li laid back on the floor himself. She blinked and scooted closer to him before using his hand as a pillow and his chest as something to hug.

Han Li smirked. "You are so easy. I just have to sleep beside you, and you come running to hug me."

"Hugging doesn't count. Maybe kissing, too. I am still very mad. It is just that my face doesn't show it. You see, acting angry is too tiresome, and I am very lazy…"

"Does an expression of bliss on your face count?"

"No, that doesn't count either, and let me tell you. This expression is because of the warm sunlight and totally not because of me hugging you."

"Surely."

"Why are you being sarcastic? I am very serious here."

"Surely not."

"Fuck you, believe whatever you want."

Han Li gently placed his hand on her belly and sighed. "Don't teach them your cocky personality, please. Make them more like me."

"Yeah, yeah, now I only have to go find this Liyue so that I can ask her to teach my children her personality."

"Eh…" Han Li sighed. "Liyue is a good girl, you don't have to be angry at her of all people out there."

"So she is good, and I am bad?" Ruo actually bit Han Li's cheek, and he could only sigh inwardly. Thankfully, his body was tough.

He hugged Ruo tightly. "So Ruo, now we will have to wait some more days before this place becomes noisy with children's cries and your shouts, huh? Our little peace would be broken."

"Don't villanize my children." Ruo smiled and hugged him back tightly. "They wont break the peace but make it more peaceful. No matter how many I have from now on."

Han Li didn't oppose it.

Ruo smiled. "Actually, Big Brother, I don't mind any Liyue. If you want to, maybe, bring her here and I will treat her like my younger sister. I am kinda lonely all by myself too—and I will have a woman to talk about all these things."

"Why do you need a woman for when you have me?" Han Li brooded.

"Oi, fuckface." Ruo bit his cheeks again. "I am letting you bring another woman home, so don't act like you are giving me charity. I am the one doing that. I have some things I can only talk about with other women."

"What kind of things?"

"I won't tell you, heh."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240 - 240: Surprising Visit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nearly nine months had passed since Ruo became pregnant. She was bursting with what one could only call a humongous belly by now, and she couldn't even walk well at this point. She was bossing around her husband to get her needs done these days.

And her temper was at an all-time worst. Even though Han Li had once boasted that his children would have enough respect for them not to kick their mother's belly, there was no such thing.

At first, she laughed at the little kicks here and there that she felt. She even boasted about how she already knew the child's gender. She had guessed it by the force of the kick, apparently.

Han Li couldn't even know that with his Soul Sense.

Soul Sense at the Evolution Stage was weak. It could see far and wide, but it was like normal eyes in that it couldn't pierce through solid objects. It couldn't see into Ruo's belly. Only the Soul Sense of a Power Born could do that. Sadly, Han Li was just an Evolved.

A strong Evolved who could give a fight to Power Born, but still just Evolved.

Today, Han Li was grinding a special herb that he had picked up. Ruo had a really sweet mouth and she had been bugging him every night crying for something she had never tasted, he had decided to make something absolutely sweet.

So, so, so sweet, that it would make her hate sweet things forever. Nah, even he was not that mad—she was too vengeful of a woman to play that on.

Just as he was grinding the herb though, his eyes shifted around nervously. Red eyes became cold for a second before they relaxed. "Oh, it is you. Even you entered this illussion?"

A crow fluttered down into the bamboo forest and, amidst a bunch of scattering feathers, transformed into a divine goth beauty. Han Li looked towards the bamboo hut nearby and sighed.

"Thankfully, the little bomb is asleep now, or she would cook me alive. I might honestly not be allowed to see her delivery—she is crazy like that sometimes."

The goth woman straightened silently and looked around. Han Li did the same.

The old bamboo forest was now very different from nine months ago. It had become a Hamlet with hundreds of little bamboo houses—the bamboo forest remained but there were houses around now—and the houses were filled with people.

"Are you starting some tribe? Didn't expect you to be the type to do that."

"Nah, who are you kidding?" Han Li stretched himself, and his deeply carved physique, bare of any upper cloth, shined in the shadows of waving bamboo. "These people ended up creating houses around my own when they saw no beasts would dare to come near me."

"Oh, if you didn't like it, you could just shoo them away."

"Nah." Han Li smirked. "My wife is the lonely type—she is already friends with all of them."

"Yeah, for all her snarkiness, it's easy to like Ruo. She is very extroverted."

"Don't talk like you know her Spirit. Hmm, have you been watching me?"

"Yep. Since your mother died, I've been watching you."

"I just noticed." Damn. "You really can creep me out in the most subtle of ways. So, did you cast this illusion?"

The Spirit's form… glitched. It was like she was not a part of this reality. Something wrong. Almost like one of those bugs in video games that he had only seen in his mother's memories.

Han Li frowned.

"Well shit," The Spirit shrugged. "As you see, I didn't expect you to be conscious in this Vital Enlightenment. That never happens, you see. But here I am, again surprised by the impossible."

"What is this illusion meant to be?" Han Li asked.

"If I tell you, the chance of failure will be high. It would have been better if you weren't conscious. Sigh, well, you get what you get. I can only guess that your weird red eyes is the cause of you being so conscious now."

"So why did you come to meet me at this specific moment?"

"To give you some vital info, Partner." The goth beauty walked beside him and took a bunch of herbs before she joined him in grinding them. "I didn't want you to emotionally fall in some ditch. Everything here is fake—so don't fall in love with the tribe you would end up building here."

"Do you see me as some kid?" Han Li rolled his shoulders. He only had emotional investment on Ruo and that was it.

"That's it, Han Li. Are you really going to have kids inside an illusion?"

Han Li shrugged. "Ruo wanted them. And you don't have to question what I do."

"I have to. Now we are a team."

"Just shut up and get to the point. Why are you here?"

"I already have a vital weapon, and entering your mind is extremely exhausting because of that. But I still entered because I wanted to tell you one sole thing—live without regrets. Live a life that you'd laugh at no matter who says what."

Suddenly, she glitched out, and the only thing that remained was a black feather.

Han Li caught it and went deep into thought. Live a life without regret.

Such simple words. But the Spirit made the effort to come here and say that... she must have her reasons. But Han Li smiled. The Spirit had a slight misconception of what he was like.

He was already hell-bent on living a life that he wouldn't regret. Of course, he was not going to do anything else. He would listen to what his heart wanted.

The feather, too, transformed into glittering pearls and vanished.

Han Li felt a poke on his back and turned around to look.

Ruo was behind him, her face filled with an expression of consternation and her body dragging a huge belly with her. Face sweaty, she said, "I don't know who that was, and I don't care, Big Brother, but my belly is bursting. I feel like I am dying with pain. Please save your sweet Ruo."

That night, when the moon replaced the sun, a piercing cry of an infant filled the hamlet.

Han Li made something so sweet that day, he felt as if it was the sweetest thing ever. Maybe, sweet things were not so bad after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241 - 241: Little Tyrant
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three years had passed since the birth of little Han Fei (Han Li's first child).

She had grown up to be a very fierce little devil that was no less a little devil than her own mother. The small hamlet had now grown into a well and true city and she was the little tyrant around this area.

Oh? A tourist entering her city to see her Dad's efforts?

'Pay me a candy, you bitch.'

Han Li sometimes wondered where she got that vocabulary. Couldn't be from himself, he was a graceful man. If she was just a tyrant, it would have been okay, but the girl had a super strong dad who could put Power Borns in their place, apparently.

Three months ago, a stupid Power Born had come from nowhere with a momentous aura to take over the city and become its king.

But apparently, the shadow lord of the city, the dad of the tyrant daughter, had just touched the Power Born, and the Power Born immediately fainted. Then, it was the single slice of a black sword.

Red Eyed Devil. The sheer sight of that man's naked spine as he battled would send chills down a man. He was a legend.

Of course, Han Li just wanted to act cool in front of Ruo, who was watching him. She was closing Han Fei's eyes and ears desperately and calling him all sorts of obscenity for bringing violence into the city, but he could see the pride in her highly-held chest.

In the end, though, she made Little Fei ignore her dad for a whole day.

Ruo now had an incentive against him.

Oh, we got sidetracked.

The story of the Little Tyrant who asks for candies doesn't end there. The girl, the devil, the tyrant, was a storm. She not only had a strong dad, but she herself was, for some reason, crazy strong right from the day of her birth.

Apparently, when she was just three months old, she had slapped a tree and made it fall into splinters. When her little foot once touched a boulder, it had apparently been destroyed somewhat.

To her enraged mother, who didn't know what the fuck was going on, the dad only shrugged. When the mother got too enraged, the dad only closed the door, and the girl could hear noises from inside their home.

"Oh dear, I am so sorry!"

"I am dying!"

"Ahh!"

The house had echoed with her mother's cries.

Only hours later did she see her mother in fresh clothes and a slightly red face. From then on, the little Tyrant had been mad at her father. How dare he beat her mother. Only I, the Little Tyrant, was allowed to beat my father and mother.

"Humph. How dare you, Mr. Father?" she asked, still an immaturity in her tone as she put her hands on her hips and questioned.

Han Li looked at her sideways. "Whatever the Little Tyrant may be mad about this time?"

"I shall have my vengeance. How dare you harm my mother?"

Han Li's eyes twitched. "Did she send you to make an issue with me?"

"No."

Han Li looked at her, feeling a headache coming on. She had the same white hair as Ruo and the exact same temper. Moreover, she had the strength to back up her temper.

For some weird reason, the moment she was born, she was born with his refined Sacred Demon Skin, Organs, and Bones. His children seem to have the power to inherit his body Transformations, or she could be a special case.

That was good news. But the bad news was, he had had to use a unique magical resource—which he had acquired due to abnormally huge luck, to make her strength reduce to a certain level. She couldn't control it otherwise.

But even with that level of weakened power, she could beat up your average Evolved.

But still, she had no control over her strength.

She even broke Ruo's hands in an accident once, and then, the lass came crying for her dad to train her to control her powers.

She had been sad until Han Li healed her mother when she was not looking. Only then did she start to be the Little Tyrant again.

Han Li had been training her since then and now, she could already control quite a bit of her strength.

Her existence put everything in perspective for Han Li.

His life kinda revolved around her these days.

"So, what are you going to do about me beating Momma Ruo?" he asked.

Ruo came from the side of the bamboo forest gracefully and smirked. "If you beat her mom, her mom would beat you up first."

The Little Tyrant nodded. "Yes, we will beat him up together. Don't worry, Momma, he only looks strong, he is very easy to defeat. I only had to push slowly, and he died once."

Ruo gasped and went beside Han Li before slinking down on his back. She lazily laid her head against his shoulder and asked exaggeratedly, "You died once?"

"I did, but she brought me back to life with her gentle pats."

"You are so weak your little daughter defeated you. Shame."

Han Li moved slightly and slammed Ruo's whole body into the air. She was stunned and tried to fight, but Han Li easily curveballed her into the ground full of leaves, and she screamed as the ground neared her.

But then, she came to a halt and found herself looking at her husband's mocking face. He was carrying her in the old, princess way, and she was all panting in fear, hugging his neck, and looking wide-eyed.

"Daddy, you are awesome!" Han Fei screamed. "Teach Han Fei how to do that, or I'll death you like yesterday again!"

Han Li snorted and sat down. The Little Tyrant grew angry at how she was being ignored and gave him a kick. Han Li's eyes rolled, and he closed them.

He died. Even his tongue was out.

Ruo smiled. "Now revive him. He's your sweet dad, after all, and don't be so disrespectful."

The Little Tyrant nodded with a pout and said, "Pain, pain, go away."

Han Li's eyes snapped open. Then, he sighed. "I am back again. Back to the hell with two disrespectful women killing me all the time."

The duo shook their heads simultaneously. They seemed so alike. Together, they chuckled and said, ""You don't know, we do that because we love you.""

Soon enough, both of their curses echoed in Han Li's backyard.

Little Tyrant soon ran away, but Ruo was not going to get the chance—later that day, the Little Tyrant came to learn that her mother had taken a day full of spanking from her father.

"Poor mother, dad is so unworthy of you… Don't worry, Fei Fei will beat him up for real after I grow stronger."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242 - 242: Fei Fei's Adventures
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a serene night, and Fei Fei was not home. She was out.

Han Li gently embraced Ruo and pushed aside her white strands of hair to reveal her pretty face. He placed a kiss on her forehead.

"Am I growing old, hubby?" she asked.

"Of course not. You look as gorgeous as the first day I met you."

Ruo smiled, grabbed her man's hand, and placed it over her buttox. She whispered seductively into his ears, "Want another?"

It was as if something had been triggered as the door to their room slammed open. Han Li and Ruo both looked at the cute intruder with red faces. They hadn't kept their Soul Sense wide; they hadn't expected someone to come in.

Ruo blushed like a tomato. She almost seemed guilty.

Han Li smiled awkwardly. "Where have you been this late, Little Fei?"

The Little Tyrant's eyes twitched. She snorted and walked on top of the bed. Looking coldly at her dad, she ordered, "Move aside, Daddy. Give Little Fei's place back to her."

Han Li looked at her in irritation and scoffed. He just hugged Ruo tighter and his wifey smirked at the tyrant.

Their daughter fumed at them and growled. She gently pushed aside her mom from her dad's embrace and pushed her dad away forcefully without a hint of mercy.

He would not be hurt anyway. He was too strong. Humph.

"Mommy is Fei Fei's to hug, not yours." She said proudly and hugged her mother. Ruo smiled cheekily at Han Li.

"Oi Oi, little freak, have you heard of your father's reputation? He likes to throw unruly little children into rivers with monsters in them."

The Little Tyrant rolled her eyes. "I am the monster."

Han Li's eyes twitched.

She didn't let her dad hug her mom, and Ruo just kept chuckling.

"My child loves her mother way more than her father."

Fei Fei scoffed, but she didn't say anything to support that fact.

Looking scornfully at her father, she said, "If you want to hug Mom so bad, I don't mind you hugging us both."

Hmph. Hmph.

Han Li's eyes just twitched, and he kicked the girl out.

Hmph. Hmph.

He was the father.

Sadly, she could cry, and her cry was too effective on Ruo. He ended up not getting to lay with her that day. The little freak kept staring at him disdainfully from her mother's back. Crying had brought her back in here.

She really inherited all of Ruo's traits and all of his own stubbornness.

When she fell asleep on his chest like a little angel, though, Han Li just smiled in satisfaction.

Ruo hugged them both to sleep beside him.

This was the kind of life he wanted.

Forever.

To live without any regrets. To never die unless he wanted to.

***

Little Fei began to grow older.

Han Li and Ruo could do nothing about that even though both of them secretly hated that fact—their Little Tyrant should have forever remained little. Maybe all parents felt that way.

But it was the way of things, they just watched over her.

Ruo was way too overprotective of her and never even let her fall and bleed. Han Li was harsher, though; he did throw her into rivers with bigger monsters than her inside them.

The girl put salt into his tea as revenge.

He wanted to beat her up, but she knew how to escape beatings. Her mother was one way, and her cute acts were another.

She had her dad all in her hand. He loved her too much to hurt her.

Humph. Humph.

Just like that, simple years passed like water in a river.

She was as aggressive as ever, but as she grew older, her aggression shifted to the people outside their family instead of her dad and mom. She let them be.

Soon enough, Fei Fei became a truly spoiled young mistress.

Day in and day out, she would be going around trying out her powers on people who were nearly equal to her in strength—who had come to her city for many different reasons.

She was bullying someone at all times.

Sometimes, people who heard about the super-strong Evolved Han Li and had wanted to challenge him to see his mettle would be faced with his daughter instead and would get defeated by her.

Indeed, being born with Han Li's transformations made her fierce. He just looked at her lazily from the side as he felt his body age slowly.

When Han Fei was old enough, she Awakened her Spark and became a Cultivator.

It was a bizarre thing—her Spark was useless.

Her Spark seemed to do nothing. No Sparrow Transformation Powers of Ruo, nor any Lust Spark powers of her dad.

It was just there for no reason—no magic powers, no Dao, nothing. Nada.

Useless.

Han Li could guess the reason. She was not under the skies where the Heaven and its 3000 Daos and 7 Great Daos ruled supreme. She was in a world of his imagination.

Of course, Her Spark would not be useful if it was not the Lust Spark—that was HIS to give or take, not the Heavens. No powers worked inside this world other than his own.

Just like that, more years passed.

At 16, Fei Fei failed her Evolution Attempt, as everyone had predicted. Her spark came out of her body and went poof. Han Fei was infuriated.

She could already beat every Evolved there was, and now she couldn't even cultivate to their level. Just why?

Why couldn't she evolve? Why was her Spark alone so useless when others had clearly working Sparks?

Of course, others were all Sparks Han Li had seen in real life. It was being emulated in some way, but it didn't seem to work that way on Han Fei.

He just looked at her cute anger and smiled.

Fei Fei came to him one day, and she seemed hesitant to reveal her intention. She just asked her dad to tell her some stories and feeling melancholic, Han Li let her sleep on his chest as he told her about his life stories.

She didn't believe most of them.

The day after, a tearful Fei Fei left the city to travel around.

She even left a note for Han Li. He read it while looking at her back, which was growing further away.

"Father, your daughter is ashamed. She has failed your legacy—even dumbasses can Evolve, but your daughter of all couldn't. You should be ashamed of me. At least, I am. I shall come back stronger. Mother, don't spoil father too much.

Maximum of ten years, I won't be away for more than that. Don't you dare forget me or reduce your love for me!!"

"And don't you dare have another child!"

The parents could only sigh. She was Han Li's daughter, indeed.

Stubborn as a brick.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243 - 243: Princess Fei
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The parents could only sigh. She was Han Li's daughter, indeed.

Stubborn as a brick.

Han Li and Ruo secretly followed her with smirks and watched all her battles from the sidelines.

Sometimes, she would be at the brink of death, and Ruo would be losing her shit in anger, but then, the seal over her Transformations would miraculously loosen, and she would be able to use the full power of her transformations.

She'd easily come out victorious.

Little Tyrant saved many villages from monsters and killed many evil beings. She came to be known as the Little Hero.

She beat the one who named it half to death and changed it into Big Heroine.

Ruo had a blast.

Fei Fei then walked through cities alone and met many young masters who coveted her beauty, many who wanted her for themselves. These were the times when Han Li nearly lost his calm.

Ruo was chuckling all throughout.

Fei Fei met thousands upon thousands of marriage confessions and powered through it all. She was too disdainful, too cold.

Noble clans chased her at times, but she outsmarted them and ran away after looting their houses. In all of the places she stole from, she left a messy drawing of a monkey's ass.

Ruo was speechless, and Han Li was covering his forehead.

"I didn't raise this graceless girl," he said.

"I did!" Ruo laughed.

But now, Fei Fei was actually making strong enemies, and if she didn't grow stronger, she'd be in trouble. Han Li smiled and carried Ruo behind him to follow the thief who had just run away from a noble house's backyard with a sack full of treasures.

In one place, in particular, Han Fei met an old man, and the old man said he was an old friend of her Dad.

She was delighted to hear some boastful stories of her dad and was full of awe. The old man gifted her a functional Spark when he faded away.

He had been a ghost all along who had remained in the world to fulfill the regret of boasting about Han Li. Apparently.

Han Fei felt slightly weird but pushed it out of her mind after enough time.

Now she had the Lust Spark. She could cultivate and evolve.

Using the Spark, she Evolved at the age of 21 and defeated her greatest enemy so far, an annoying and hateful Noble Clan.

Hmph.

Pathetic scum.

Her bloody name, the Cruel Princess, echoed all over the cities.

To her friends, she was an angel. To her enemies, she was the devil incarnate.

Now, she was finally not a shameful child. She could finally go back home. But before that, she wanted to achieve something great enough to make her family truly proud.

Merely becoming an Evolved was not enough.

She could nearly fight Power Born now, she guessed. Surely.

Without any wait, Han Fei directly went to a certain family to challenge a Power Born. The Power Born leader of this faily was famous for her power of the Moss.

She was named Hua Yu.

Han Fei was ready to head home after defeating the woman in battle.

The Little Tyrant finally knew what fear was.

I have been too arrogant…

Moss nearly drowned her to death.

"Dad, save me…"

Han Fei was full of fear.

Hua Yu easily defeated her but thankfully, let her go without killing her. But the woman seemed curious about her origins. In the end though, that was behind her.

Fuck doing great things, she was going back home.

Moving through a certain river atop a bamboo raft, Han Fei looked at the sky and adjusted her bamboo hat.

She was already 23. It had been more than seven years since she had seen her parents. Everything else felt worthless. She wanted to go home and annoy her father to death and bring him back to life.

They must miss me too, right?

She saw no way to progress anyway, so she shifted her bamboo raft's route and moved toward her home. At night, as she was drifting by, she heard the tender flirting that their parents only did when no one was around, and her eyes flashed open.

"Father…" she said with a choking tone.

She was riding on her father's back.

When? How?

They were climbing a mountain.

Looking at their faces, though, her expression changed, and she became silent.

They had both been around 20 when they first had her, but now, both of them looked older. Han Li seemed to have matured, and her mother's—who was flying on the side with her sparrow wings—white hair had lost its luster by a lot.

They were middle-aged now.

"But this doesn't make any sense…" She hugged her father's neck tightly, and her tears trickled down. "Doesn't Evolved live for 300 years? You two are young. Supposed to be young."

Han Li silently reached up the mountain and looked into the distance. He looked down at the rising sun. "Fei Fei. I don't know why, but your mother and I seem to be aging very fast. It must be because we are different from everyone else."

"Yeah, yeah," Ruo said, "Donno why, though. Your father tried a bunch of things to prolong our lifespan, but it didn't work."

Han Fei just silently cried.

She felt lonely a lot. She felt happy that her father was here to pick her up when she was finally ready to go back.

She felt choked with emotion.

She had lost a significant part of her life that she could have spent with her parents.

She and her bullshit pride was the reason for that.

Han Fei cried like a baby and her parents were only happy to oblige.

They built a new bamboo house by the mountain and began to live free of the city's hustle and bustle.

It was a serene life.

Many people found traces of the Cruel Princess and came to challenge her for a battle. Han Fei fought all of them and won all of them.

She was proud of her growth at least, and her father and mother always laughed at the scenes where she bullied arrogant young masters. They seemed to think that she'd marry anyone who defeated her in battle, but she scoffed at their idiotic thought process.

If you defeat me, I'll just go to my dad and make him beat you up, dumbo…

But even the challengers wouldn't have guessed the middle-aged couple who drank tea from the side calmly and laughed were not as ordinary as they seemed. Just like that, a couple more years passed, and her mother, Ruo, was full of complaints.

She could guess why, though.

Her face flushed as she looked at her father, who was sleeping naked beside her. Then she looked at her own clothless figure, and her blush deepened. She snuggled back up to her father and kissed him before falling asleep.

Mother, you can't blame me. Blame father for being such a playboy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244 - 244: Sneaky games
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ruo constantly snorted at them or twisted her ears painfully whenever she found the father and daughter in bed like that or flirting like a couple. But the duo kept repeating it without a bit of bad conscience.

His daughter was his, her father was hers.

They felt totally great.

Watching the distant sun falling onto the horizon, both of them smiled as they once again embraced each other. Yes, this was it. Truly great life was this.

Who cared about traveling?

Her mother didn't let her enter the house that day and made her sleep outside. Her bastard father never helped.

She could only fume inwardly.

"You don't deserve my pure heart, Daddy!" she cursed.

"You shouldn't have fallen to his looks then, dumb girl," her mother shouted back at her. "Now sleep on the grass and repent for your actions for stealing your mother's husband."

But on a wonderful day, Fei Fei found herself sleeping with her father… along with her mother. He had a proud smirk, and she gave him a secret high five.

He was a good dad; he finally did something good for his daughter.

From then on, Mother Ruo never complained.

Father did have a queer knack with women.

Nobody before had ever been able to move her heart so quickly.

Now, she could proudly say that as much as Han Li was her mothers, her dad was her own in all the ways possible.

And honestly, she didn't know he was way more aggressive than his daughter in bed until she was moaning in tiredness and hoping for a quicker release.

She chuckled with a flushed face as they watched the sun—all three of them.

Lovely.

***

Time passed again.

Their life was mundane.

Nights and days were spent without doing anything special other than their intimacy, but as people who had seen the darkness of the world—a world that was not at peace—the family of the trio just wanted peace.

Indeed, people who had experienced wars and people who hadn't had different views of the world.

Han Fei had gained new life goals.

Ruo taught her daughter the roots, and Han Fei was a proud woman deep down.

Even more prideful than her mother. So, she wanted to dominate her father at least for once. It was her great wish now, but he was too damn good at this, and he seemed to know her body up and down.

Every night, she tried to outplay him, but it never worked.

Luckily, she didn't gain a massive bulge in her stomach, though.

But she couldn't make him submit either. Her father was too good at this.

And he was stubborn.

"I am not going to let my own daughter win against me. If I do, wouldn't I die of shame?"

Humph. Humph.

Just like that, years streamed by, and before they knew it, this mountain also had a small population of its own. Distant tribes conglomerated around this place, and it became a small clan. They didn't shoo them away.

Her father also liked to play with some women of the tribe, to all the chagrin of many husbands who became wifeless due to moving here.

Her father was such a playboy.

And his stamina was even more monstrous than her own. After all, he had the purest form of the Organ Transformation that came from their bloodline.

His stamina would be more powerful, and he was also the true Dao Lord of Lust.

One day, he was swinging his black sword around in their mountain's meadow.

She moved up to him, pushing aside the wild grass, and asked curiously, "Daddy, why are you still training when you have already given up cultivating higher and all conflicts in general?"

He came to a halt and looked at her before the sword vanished from his hand. He moved closer to her, and she smirked as he pushed her down the meadow. Her hands were pinned hard before she could react.

"Here?" she asked with a slightly red face.

"Here."

"Answer me first," she asked.

"It is better to be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war," he said, and soon enough, she didn't need any answers.

His Little Tyrant became a moaning mess, and he had to carry her back home.

Her legs hurt.

"I wish these days would continue forever…" she said.

He kissed her.

"I do too," he said, "I do too."

I do, too.

***

Han Li was the first to grow too old.

Even in his final days, he still stayed fit and buff. For the past couple of months, he and his family had been in one bed most of the time. It was heartwrenching, but all three of them knew his time was due.

Maybe the more he was inside this illusion, the more mundane he was becoming.

During these days, if Han Fei had wanted, she could have gotten her lifelong wish to dominate her father; he was too old.

But she was still as proud underneath her emotional wreck of a self. She wouldn't do that to a helpless Han Li.

"Han Li…" Ruo, too, was old now. She held her husband's hand and said with a smile, "I will soon follow."

Han Li looked at her emotionally. "Are you satisfied with the life I gave you?"

Ruo snickered. "Don't ask me that."

Han Fei was silently holding back tears, her fair hand red and trembling. Her back, which was as straight as a sword, was bent in defeat, and her throat felt as if something was trying to crawl out of it.

Han Li took her hand. Even in his final moment, his hand didn't tremble.

Life was leaving him, though. He could sense his vitality diminishing by the moment.

"You can't bring me back to life this time," he said playfully.

Han Fei's hand only tightened. "Not a funny joke."

Han Li smirked painfully.

"If you find nothing to do in this world, Fei Fei." He said, feeling his emotions roil. "There are some people you would like to meet. They are probably around, and you might know when you meet them. People who age faster in this world like us even though they have higher cultivation."

Hua Yu was here, after all.

Maybe the rest were, too. She might meet them or might not.

If she could, he hoped they would remember her after this was over.

Han Fei bit her lips and nodded. "I will."

Han Li passed away.

A grief as great as all his other hidden grief was added to his heart.

He felt sick of this illusion. He didn't want to continue this.

It hurt so damn much. SO. SO. Damn much.

The Little Tyrant spent the next part of her life caring for her old mother, and when Ruo passed away, she buried her along with her father and left the mountain with a melancholic heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245 - 245: What happened to Fei?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Han Li was revived.

He woke up one day on "Earth" and began living a very normal life there. For some reason, he regained his memories of his true life pretty early on.

And the Lust Dao—which was a part of himself was along with him.

Then, he lived with all the burdens for another lifetime. He was very blank, emotionless, and cold to everything.

School, University, Work. Normal life on Earth.

Illusions. All of these are illusions. I want this to end; maybe I should try dying in this illusion, too.

But he didn't commit suicide. That was not following his heart.

He didn't like that prospect.

Throughout the illusionary dream, he met many of his women, but he didn't bother with any. He had had enough of this illusion.

Let them live and let him die but not be killed. Let the illusion end, and let the reality begin. Kill. Kill. Kill.

Fei Fei…

Han Li broke the mirror before him with a punch, and blood oozed out of his fist.

Crack.

The wall behind the mirror also cracked lightly.

Life moved on.

One thing made him surprised. He had the lifespan of a simple mortal in this life too, even though he was an Evolved.

I wish I could live and die how I pleased.

As he grew old again, he ended up gathering all the women he met in this life—Ruo, Hua Yu, and Liyue—who had no memories of the previous illusions. They acted as if this was their first rodeo at living.

Old with all three of those women surrounding him, he shook his head inwardly. He had just grown colder due to this lifetime.

This all lacked meaning. Only eternal life and full control over it mattered.

Illusions.

He hated it; he did.

Han Li died with a sigh.

Fei Fei...

He lived hundreds of lives from then on and as many deaths, his face grew more and more cold. Why wasn't the illusion breaking?

Break. Break. Break. Break. Break.

Break already.

As he coldly walked amidst a war zone, he met a woman. She looked like a stranger. Pretty face, pretty eyes, pretty black hair, pretty everything.

He looked at her with disbelief.

He had never seen the woman. He never had any relationship with her, but for some reason, looking at her calmed his chaotic soul.

He sat down with a painful grimace and embraced her.

"Mom…" he called in disbelief.

After Yue Li died in the first illusion, she had never been there in any other illusions. He had always been an orphan in all the lives he had lived. But for some reason, he was sure, the clueless, dumb-faced woman sleeping amidst this warzone—she couldn't be anyone but her.

The golden halo over her Existence that he had seen on no one else but her. That was enough confirmation. She looked at him strangely, "Let me sleep. Where am I?"

Han Li awkwardly shifted in his place. "You are in a warzone."

She scratched her head. "Oh… a truck hit me, and I died, though. Oh shit, was I isekaied?"

Han Li nearly burst into laughter. "I know exactly what I want. I know what my ambitions are, why they are there and how much I want it."

It was time.

A poem came to his mind.

I've seen the most beautiful flowers, but they all smell the same.

I got to see the most beautiful places in the world, but the wind winded same everywhere.

Only in your presence, the wind whispered a fragrance to the flower,

a scent untold anywhere else.

Fuck illusions. He was breaking out.

Red eyes glinted with unshed tears as everything broke apart and turned to smoke.

Han Li opened his eyes to the real world.

Clouds drifted up in the skies, and a sense of incredible reality immediately spread throughout his being. He was sleeping above a watery substance. The illusionary life in his mind vanished one after the other, and his confused mind became incredibly vivid.

Before him, the Spirit floated gently in its semi-transparent form.

"I told you not to grow attached," she said with a sigh.

Han Li gritted his teeth, but his tears couldn't help but fall.

The Spirit sighed again. "Crying is of no use."

Han Li felt Ruo's weight against his chest and smelled Liyue's scent. He felt Yue Li just near him. There was also Hua Yu. All of them were just beside him. They were real and lifelike. Most probably, they remembered everything in the illusion.

"Am I in the real world?" he asked, pushing back his hair with an anxious expression.

Suddenly, Yue Li woke up with a start and sat up. Seeing Han Li's red eyes, she calmed down and stretched.

"Xiao Li… I feel like I slept forever…"

Han Li held her hand.

Ruo was sleeping against his chest, but slowly, her blurry eyes opened, and she looked straight at him with a sharpness the girl had lacked before.

Han Li looked at her with a complicated expression.

The girl blinked for a second before she clenched his collar. "My Fei Fei. I want her!"

She sounded more desperate than threatening.

Han Li looked up at the skies. "So, indeed, you were there, experiencing my memories and other fragmented realities as illusions."

She had experienced everything as the Ruo of his memories while being herself. She had seen all that had to be seen in one way or the other.

He wondered what kind of memories she had gotten from the Ruo of the past life…

Ruo seemed to be near a panic attack; she kept muttering Fei Fei again and again. Han Li was silent for a second, and as he closed his eyes, a tear streaked down his cheek.

Ruo nearly burst with fear.

"Don't be confused. These are not tears of grief, Ruo…" he said and rubbed off his tears. His strong aura was now wavering with gentleness and fear, but there was hope; there was genuine gratefulness to his expression.

All of the women surrounding him looked at the scene in silence.

Out of all the illusions, only the one with the Little Tyrant was so life-changing. The rest were all just fading from their minds.

The Spirit took a deep breath. "So, did you all gain your Vital Weapons?"

Han Li, Hua Yu, Liyue, Yue Li, Ruo, and the Spirit. Only these many had been inside the memory scape of illusions and the Vital Enlightenment. They were going to gain a Vital Weapon of their own if they survived without losing their heart.

They just needed to figure out what their heart wanted deep down in each life. As long as it was the same thing in every life, their Vital Weapon would awaken.

In all of Han Li's innumerable lives inside the illusion, he only had one dream. To not lose people to death and to not be incapable of doing anything.

Hua Yu and Liyue lowered their heads. "I didn't get anything… It's just not there." Liyue said, her face downcast. "I failed to get it."

Hua Yu nodded with a sigh.

Yue Li seemed to understand Ruo's and Han Li's mood and she didn't say anything and just watched her kids.

Han Li spread his hands wide at the sky.

They were above a calm ocean-like place with no waves. They were sleeping above mythical waters that acted like land. The waters reflected the sky. It was beautiful.

Suddenly, a woman materialized out of thin air beside them all and everyone, including the Spirit, stared at her with wide eyes. The girl was of utmost beauty and there was a sort of arrogance to her face that seemed etched in her bones.

White hair tumbled behind her while a katana rested on her hips. She was in a black kimono, and her eyes disdainfully glanced at everyone around before they focused on Han Li and Ruo.

She kicked her father on the side, "What are you laying down there for?"

"Who are you kicking?" he asked irritably.

Both of them suddenly couldn't stop their chuckling, and Ruo looked nervously between them.

The Spirit asked with fear, "What is going on?"

Han Fei looked straight at it with curious eyes. "An Existence? Funny sight."

Han Li looked at the calmly floating clouds.

He could already feel Liyue's and his Mother's eyes staring daggers at his neck. They were going to kill him.

"She is Han Fei. My first daughter and my Vital Weapon."

Liyue looked away in absolute anger. Yue Li was a bit awkward, Hua Yu was curious, and the Spirit was just in shock.

Han Fei stared around in curiosity. "A Funny—"

"Shut up, and don't add oil to the fire."

He unsummoned her.

The girl was back in his Empty Space now. He could hear her stifled scream full of irritation, but she'd have to wait.

Yue Li looked at him and asked, "So, is that my grandchild?"

Han Li smiled awkwardly.

"So, she's Ruo's child?" she asked.

Ruo remained silent throughout, and she finally seemed to understand the scenario. She silently unclenched his collar, and he could see the sheer sense of relief in her eyes. The girl slid out of his embrace and hugged her knees above the water.

Her face was as red as a tomato, nearly steaming, and she hid it.

Liyue asked, clearly annoyed, "And you said you'd never sleep with him. And you betrayed your nicest big sister by having his first daughter."

"Things ended up happening…" Ruo said with a mosquito-like sound.

"So you are part of his harem now?"

"Obviously not," she said, her voice even more faint.

Han Li chuckled dryly.

"Mom, I am so blessed," he said with a sigh.

Yue Li was keeping his head on her lap. She looked at his distant red eyes.

"Is this even real, or am I in an illusion again?" he asked fearfully.

Yue Li waved her hand, and a blue Rainwater Spark appeared on her palm.

"Ah, this was not working in the illusion, but it is now. So this is certainly real."

"What's your opinion on your new granddaughter?"

"She is pretty."

"You like her?"

"Don't know," Yue Li puffed her cheeks. "I wanted to have that first child."

"You are cute. I feel like smothering you."

"Do that now, and I might like your daughter."

Han Li did exactly that, and she giggled as he tickled her.

"So, did you get a Vital Weapon?"

"Oh, I did."

"Me too…" Ruo muttered from the side.

Liyue looked up at the sky with a sad expression.

Hua Yu sighed.

The Spirit finally seemed to have woken up and said with absolute fear. "How the heck is your Vital Weapon alive, and why the fuck is it your daughter? And tell me what happened inside your illusion…"

This was wrong on so many levels.

She felt her whole worldview shaking.

And what powers did their Vital Weapons have?

She remembered seeing Yue Li die inside the first Illusion. How could she, of all people, gain a vital weapon?

This Vital Enlightenment was not at all like the ones she knew.

Han Li just chuckled a long, weary laugh.

His life had treated him well for the first time.

This was the luckiest he had ever been.

Deciding to have Han Fei was an impulsive decision, but in the end, it seemed like it was for the good. Ruo hid her face with her hand and looked at him through the slits of her fingers.

She really wanted her daughter. Wanted to hug her now.

But Ruo was too embarrassed.

The Spirit said seriously, "We need more clarity!"

Han Li just blankly stared at the skies. He was still digesting everything, and his daughter's shouts kept echoing in his mind.

"LET~ ME OUT!" she was doing a little monkey dance inside the Empty Space and calling it out like a prayer. "LET ME OUT!"

"OI OI LET ME OUT!"

"HEY HEY LET ME OUT!"

Han Li was just speechless.

"OI OI~ LET ME OUT!"

These people were so ridiculous. Silently, he felt his heart slowly calm down. Now, it was time to calculate all the benefits of this unexpected event and discipline his unruly daughter.

Also, he had to make others in his harem accept her.

Also…

Shit, I have so much to do.

Also—

He was in a mystical sea where no one could sink. There was a reason he had chosen this place to teleport into.

Ruo glared at him ominously. She really seemed to want her daughter.

"Okay, okay, I'll let her out…"

Subconsciously, Han Li's hand was clenched tightly. He had won in life.

He just had to continue winning now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246 - 246: Vital Enlightenment gone wrong
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So that's what happened…"

Vital Weapons.

Weapons made out of the strongest desire of a creature. Their ambitions would manifest as a form of power, a weapon for them to manipulate to their desires.

The Spirit's greatest desire in life was to witness the most perfect form of a living being—the epitome of living creation. To see the utmost limit of a lifeform. Thus, her Vital Weapon was a Mirror that could help her possess any lifeform she could defeat in will.

Fitting for her dream, if one asked Han Li.

But that alone was not the only factor that affected a Vital Weapon. A creature's desires would evolve as they lived more and more. When you were 10, you'd want a specific toy, but when you were 20, you'd want something else.

But after a certain point, most things would lose meaning to you, and some things would start to stand out. That one thing that stands out amidst all other things will end up being your true desire—the more life experience you have, the easier the Vital Weapon will be to unlock.

Vital Enlightenment. What was that?

Vital Enlightenment allowed a creature to live limitless lives. In each life, they would have one desire or the other that was more prominent than the others. In Han Li's countless lives within the Vital Enlightenment illusions, all other greater desires didn't matter other than his one true obsession.

Control life and death; be eternal.

In ALL of his lives, the desire was the same.

Han Li had an incredibly long and incredibly rich life experience, but he was not supposed to be able to awaken his memories early in the Vital Enlightenment's countless lives. But then again, he immediately 'woke' up inside that illusion every time at the start and realized it was all fake.

That was due to his special eyes.

That made his Vital Enlightenment even more profound.

The Vital Enlightenment was the forge; the person trapped inside was the blacksmith, and their growing desires in countless lives were the material. When all fused into one, a Vital Weapon could be built.

Within the forge, Han Li used his obsession and his sheer will to follow through with it as material, and through each and every one of his lives, his daughter's form became complete. She was a Vital Weapon, but due to all the weird aspects, she was alive too.

His daughter should have never existed. According to the normal way the Vital Enlightenment went, he should have never even 'died' inside once. But he had died countless times as much as he had lived.

Instead, due to his special eyes—Three Life Eyes—he kept living again and again and again and again and that changed the nature of his Vital Enlightenment. That made his dream solidify again and again too.

Even the expert in Vital Weapons—Munyu, the Spirit—was speechless. She didn't know why such a monstrous Vital Weapon was born, nor did she know what powers it held.

Ruo and Yue Li were just lucky sidekicks who ended up gaining their own Vital Weapons linked to their own life goals and desires.

Hua Yu and Liyue, who were also in the Vital Enlightenment, were not so lucky, and they got nothing other than some life experience.

His Vital Enlightenment thus came to pass as a weird and unexplainable phenomenon.

…

Currently, Han Li was seated on top of clear water reflecting the skies with a pearl necklace in his hand. Liyue, Yue Li, Li Yao, and Hua Yu went into the pearl necklace. It was a whole world inside it.

Han Li had wanted to do many things. He was a busy man, and he had a lot to take care of, but for now, he had no escape. He was dealing with the most troublesome of all issues.

The heart of two young maidens.

Han Fei and Ruo were seated on top of the clear lake. Both of them were tearful and hugged each other like they were seeing each other after a lifetime—and they were. The mother and daughter seemed to be speechless and just wanted to feel each other alive.

"Why don't you involve the dad, too?" Han Li asked, sighing.

Han Fei showed her tongue to him mischievously. "Who are you, beggar? Go away, shoo, shoo. We, mother and daughter, are having a moment here."

"You are my daughter too, and she is… my wife."

Ruo blushed like a ripe fruit. "I… I am not!" she said with the voice of a mosquito.

Han Li smirked.

He had tried to barge into the hug and just wrap his hand around them in an umbrella of warmth, but both of them—like mirror images—had made a weird face and pushed him away.

These white-haired devils were really identical to look at. Their expressions were one and the same. Ruo was more of a monk, though, and Han Fei was more of a vagrant warrior of the lands. But both were sure cast from the same thread, they had these disdainful but beautiful pair of eyes and crookedly fierce personalities.

And they had a knack for making light of him. Even his own mother didn't dare do that. "But well, I can only sigh," he brushed nonexistent dirt away from his sleeve. "I wonder if Ruo is not my wife. May I ask, do you know all the birthmarks on my body? Because I sure know where yours are."

Ruo hid her face in her daughter's neck. "I don't know your birthmarks!"

"Oh, the one just hidden between your thighs, that was your cutest mole," Han Li appeared beside them and leaned against Ruo's back.

Han Fei tried to push him away, but she was too weak. He smirked. Ruo growled. Han Fei coaxed her mother and defended, "Oi, dad, just because you are you, it doesn't mean you get to bully my mom. You understand?"

"Shut up, brat. I'll feed you to the sharks inside the water."

"Eek, harsh, old man. Mom," Fei Fei called, but Ruo placed a hand over her mouth. Ruo was so red. She really seemed like an awkward mess.

"Fei Fei…" Ruo said with a forced smile. "Don't call me mother…"

Han Fei was shocked. "What?"

Han Li warned, "What are you saying, Ruo? Don't say something you'd regret."

Ruo cursed under her breath. "Did I ask you?"

Han Fei shook her head. "I'll not call you anything else. Mother is mother."

Ruo huffed. "Do whatever. Put me inside the necklace, too. And Han Li, Big Sister Liyue is super duper mad at me for stealing her chance to have your first child. Mom didn't seem particularly pleased either. You better fix that."

"If I don't?" he teased.

"Han Fei will ignore you," Ruo coldly stated. Han Fei nodded readily.

Han Li waved the necklace half-heartedly, and Ruo vanished. He had decided to give her some time. Han Fei didn't wait for him to scold her either and vanished into his Empty Space. She was his Vital Weapon.

Unless he forced her not to, she could move in and out of him easily.

He sighed and looked around.

'This place,' he thought.

This vast, endless sea and its peculiarities. He had come here with a purpose, but for now, he blinked, and he, too, vanished into the necklace world.

For first, let's understand myself and my current situation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247 - 247: Necklace World
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fluffy white clouds floated beneath blue and tender skies. Gentle trees rustled in the wind, while birds chirped amidst the canopies. Little docile animals walked and yawned in peace, too.

Among the small green hills in the plain stood a city filled with ancient pagodas and a huge hustle and bustle. There were no walls, no fences, just calm serenity, and harmonic peace.

Suddenly, the atmosphere far outside the city shook slightly and a handsome man's figure materialized into reality.

It was Han Li.

He took a deep breath of this new world's air. He had stepped foot in his world for the first time after all.

"The necklace world, it's interesting, right, Dad?" Han Fei chirped from inside his Empty Space, ever the energetic soul.

"It is indeed interesting," he answered.

The Necklace was a treasure of the Sacred Cult, he had stolen it from the people who ambushed Monk Hen Shin. Now, he finally could check what it really contained.

A Transcendent owned this treasure before him; inside it, there was a whole Demon World. Who knew what interesting things might be inside?

"Dad, so are you going to become the demonic tyrant of this peaceful place?" Han Fei asked, curious.

"What, are you against it?"

"Hm? No, just curious. I never saw my dad while he was this young while in the Vital Enlightenment thingy." She hummed. "Now look at you, so charming, so young in spirit and so ambitious you want to achieve the impossible."

Han Li yawned and walked towards the city.

"You don't like your dad being so strong?"

"I do of course. At least you are not becoming too old with Mom and dying. I had to bury you both once, don't forget that."

"Your mother still doesn't accept that she is your father's though, she is sulking."

"Don't be so mean, she knows it but is just shy. Well, you pissed off that Liyue woman and my… grandma too. So, maybe you should fix their issues first."

"Yeah, yeah, so you keep your mouth shut and don't make it worse for me."

"...For now. I also don't want to make a bad impression. They all like you a lot, so pitch in for me too."

Han Li moved faster and faster and soon enough, he was amidst tall buildings and a crowd of peaceful people. He could smell noodles somewhere and at the same time, using the Paradise Mark, he sensed Liyue inside a certain pagoda.

He melded into the crowd and walked towards its entrance.

A guard blocked him. "The rooms are full and there is no entry today," he said.

Han Li looked at him with cold red eyes and the bulky guard trembled in dread.

Heart Qi—Fear!

As the guard sweated in fear and his gaze darkened, Han Li vanished into the pagoda and climbed up to a certain room. He pushed open the door and was faced with the back of a beautiful woman.

She was seated on the edge of her bed, illuminated by the filtering sunlight from the windows. She looked at her nails, bit them sometimes, or just stared out the window.

Han Li walked up to her silently.

He climbed the bed and sat behind her.

He wrapped his hand around her and placed his chin on her shoulders.

She pouted and held his hand tight.

"Brother Han…"

"Still mad?" he asked.

"Not really mad, just frustrated." She leaned against his chest and turned sideways to kiss his cheeks. "I was the first one to ask you for a child, and Ruo—she—she didn't even see you like I do. Why her? I wouldn't have felt like this if you gave a child to our Mother Yue before me but why not me and why her?"

It was his Mom who first asked for a child, not her, but Han Li didn't point that out.

"Liyue," Han Li took a hold of her waist and her heartbeat began to quicken.

He leaned down to nibble on her neck and she breathed sensually.

"Are you going to give me one now?" she asked. "You can do that whenever you want to, right?"

"I am not going to let you give birth."

Liyue frowned and stood up. She glared at him with her brown—goldish eyes—she seemed frustrated. He pulled her back into his embrace but now, they were face to face and she was looking at him sulkily.

"Why?"

"You are so dumb sometimes," he sighed. "Think of it like this. Yes, Ruo did give birth to Han Fei and I have my first daughter now. But did that affect Ruo herself adversely in any way? No. In fact, her body is still a virgin one in the real world.

But what if you have a child now?"

Liyue looked down sulkily.

"You will lose a year of precious time for yourself just to give birth. And then, for years, you will have to care for a baby and it's still going to be a headache for you afterward—even Han Fei is a headache for me—you will grow old and won't see much breakthrough in cultivation after giving birth either; it will just make everything harder for you.

I told you once and I will tell you again, become a strong Transcendent and ask me for anything."

Liyue drew on his chest with her fingertips. "A pity."

Han Fei mumbled in his mind, "Yeah, I am such a headache for you, aren't I?"

Han Li smiled. "So, are you happy now?"

Liyue cleared her throat. "If you are going to ask me to be nice to Ruo, don't. I want to be a bit mean to her at least. She is too bratty."

"I think Ruo has changed a lot," Han Li said. She had regained some of the memories of her previous life after all—she knew that Han Li's relationship ran way deeper with herself. Even though she might not know the entire thing.

"Whatever, but…" Liyue asked, "Where is Han Fei, have you ever told her about me?"

Han Li waved his hand in the air and a white-haired woman materialized beside them. She was picking on her nose but quickly changed her form to a more elegant one.

Liyue looked at her silently. "You look a lot like Ruo," she said with imperial elegance, naturally. She didn't even have to try.

Han Fei pushed back a strand of her hair behind her ears calmly. But inwardly, she said to her dad using the innate connection they had: 'You could have at least warned me—You..!'

"Many say that I and my mother are alike," she said with a smile to Liyue.

Liyue squinted. "Has my hubby told you anything about me?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248 - 248: Argument
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Don't mess it up or I'll ground you inside my Empty Space with Munyu for a month.

Han Fei threw a sideway glance at her father. Contemplating, she nodded.

"Father has told a lot about you, Aunt Liyue," she smiled cutely.

Liyue sat slightly straighter. "What did he say?" she seemed incredibly interested.

Han Fei puffed her chest up—she had a bigger chest than both Ruo and Liyue and she was proud of that—and said, "Good things, mostly."

Liyue smiled and rustled Han Fei's hair. "Who are you trying to hoodwink, indeed, you and Ruo are the same. A piece cut from the same cloth. Well, I'd say you are cheekier. But yeah, don't try to play your aunt."

Subconsciously, Liyue's eyes grew soft and she pinched Han Fei's cheeks.

"You look beautiful, too, now that I look clearly. You also have a bit of his cut to your face."

"...Um, that's the first time someone told me I look like Dad."

"You do, it's your Aunt saying this, trust me."

Liyue adjusted her seating in Han Li's lap, smiling.

"Okay!" Han Fei smiled.

"So what does he do to you? Um, you get what I mean?"

Han Fei blushed. Aren't we meeting for the first time, lady? Why are you so confident?

"Dad, you told me she was somewhat afraid of others or something…"

"She was, she is no longer. Isn't she cute?"

"Damn, mother must have been insecure around her. What a bomb. She seems kind, too. You got a really good deal with her, didn't you?"

Liyue gave a flick on her forehead.

"Ouch," Han Fei cried out. "What was that for?"

"Don't use your voice transmission while I am around."

"How did you find out?" Han Fei rubbed her forehead, a guilty expression on her face.

"Magic," Liyue winked at her.

Han Li just glared at her contemptuously. "Get back in your place, I have other works."

"No, I want to be around my aunt—We just met."

Han Li snapped his fingers and Han Fei vanished into his Empty Space. She screamed: "DAD!!!!"

Han Li tuned her out.

"Ohw, so mean, big brother!" Liyue looked at him with a frown. "I wanted to talk to her longer. Such a cheeky brat. I like her."

"We have other things to do today," Han Li sighed. "She just makes you lazy. It's better if we do what is important now first. For one, how did you enter this Pagoda?"

The necklace world, what kind of place was it?

What was this city like?

What had the Sacred Cult done to it?

Since he had harmed a guard earlier, it should already be stirring up some trouble down there. Han Li knew there were no Power Borns inside this place but he wanted to know the full details.

"It's the others. Come, let me bring you to them then," She took his hand and led him to another room in the pagoda. "There are apparently a lot of people in this Necklace World. The other sisters made a more comprehensive background check on everything."

They opened a door and entered a room. Inside, a battle was ongoing. It was between Wei Yuanfen and another woman—Shin Wenyu; Monk Hen Shin's disciple. They were arm-wrestling each other and Yuanfen was winning.

Hua Yu was seated near the window on a chair and sipping tea with Han Li's mother. Hua Feilan was reading a scroll on the bed. Li Yao was meditating by the side.

Ruo herself was awkwardly sitting beside Yue Li and trying to explain herself.

Yue Li was sipping her tea like a sage and nodding.

Han Li directly walked in and snatched his mother's seat for himself. Then made Yue Li sit on his lap. He also snatched his mother's tea.

Yue Li got comfortable quickly.

"Xiao Li, where is my grandchild?" she asked.

"Don't ask, enjoy the show," he murmured in her ears. Yue Li grew intrigued.

Ruo blushed like a tomato. Liyue came behind her and squinted her eyes.

"Shameless," she muttered in the girl's ears and then walked past her to sit on the bed.

Ruo looked miserably at her Big Sister. "Big Sis Liyue…"

"Shut up. Shouldn't I call you Big Sis now?" Liyue snorted. "Being ahead of me in things and all. Shamelessly so."

Ruo bit her lips and she seemed to be holding back her tears.

"I didn't want to, it just… happened," she said.

"Argh, fucking Aunt. She made my mom cry, I am going to beat her up. Let me out, Dad!"

"I predicted this," Han Li laughed. "Your mom doesn't like handling complicated things. She is a worrywart. She likes things to be simple and straightforward, you see? Her childhood was a traumatic mess, so she pushes anything complicated away from her."

"Really?"

"Of course. She thought love and relationships were chaotic and complicated—she avoided it. She just… wants everything to be simple. Now though? Even though she doesn't want to experience complicated emotions, she is going through them. She feels like she betrayed Liyue, she knows she and me are one in heart, and she loves YOU to bits.

Everything makes her feel like she is in a swamp and she hates that, fears that."

"My poor mom," Han Fei began to sob in his mind. "Go hug her dad!"

"You guys…" Han Li sighed. "It's a happy event, not a sad one. Ruo is realizing its not that scary. She is coping well. She had always been afraid of these complicated things and she is facing it head-on, laugh for her—don't cry."

"Why is Aunt Liyue making it harder for her?"

"She is just frustrated that you are not hers but Ruo's. They'll make up themselves."

"Eh, really? She is…"

For a while, Liyue scolded Ruo and Ruo silently listened.

"—And then again, Ruo, humph. Have you even raised Han Fei well?" Liyue spat. "I think she hasn't—"

"That's a bit too much, isn't it?" Ruo asked. "Han Fei was raised by both me and Han Li. She is my pride."

"Oh, you finally have a tongue?" Liyue sneered. "Unfilial little girl. I raised YOU along with them. I am the one who—I am the one who you called Big Sister all your life and you just snagged her husband when you had the chance."

"This aunt really has a vicious tongue but she doesn't even know what to say…"

"True," Han Li laughed.

"No you didn't raise me," Ruo mumbled and looked away.

Liyue growled. "What did you say?"

"Han Li was the one who saved me. Mom taught me stuff when I grew up. And then there were the monks. You were always walking behind Han Li and you never really bothered with me other than to impress him." She snorted. "Even now, I don't mind you being snide about me but don't bring Fei Fei into this."

"Big Brother Han is my husband, if he helped you, it's the same as me helping you."

Ruo looked to the side. "He is my husband, too. We even have a child together."

Han Li almost choked on the hot tea.

"My mother is better at an argument, Aunt Liyue is just steaming out and not even saying actual valid stuff."

"Yeah, it's like the first time I am seeing her arguing."

"Let me out, I will help peace this up."

"No, just watch."

Liyue and Ruo glared at each other.

"You call her Fei Fei?" Liyue asked.

"Sometimes," Ruo replied.

"She doesn't know how to hide while talking in transmission. Her expression is very easy to read too. You should have taught her better."

"Isn't that what aunts are for?"

They both glared at him, both sulking. Finally, the other silent people in the room all smiled.

"Why are you glaring at me?" Han Li snorted. "I'll pin you both on the bed and spank you till you both cry."

They both looked away.

Yue Li laughed like clinging bells.