

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

TOCnext

Suddenly, I remembered that I was transmigrated.

So I'm going to go crawl up to my wife at night ASAP.

◇

"Hello, Charlotte"

In the courtyard of Desmond's mansion, in the brilliant sunshine, Charlotte, my wife, sat slumbering with a beautiful look of melancholy. On a white wooden table with a white porcelain teapot, teacups, and half-eaten scones, she was silently reading a book with leaden eyes.

Her platinum blonde hair was wavy and brilliant like it was covered in stardust. She is twenty-nine years old, one year older than me, but her large blue eyes look as if they are filled with emeralds, making her look much younger. Her cheeks are whiter than a teacup that she tilts with her delicate fingers, and her lips are like petals on a cup of tea that looks as if it has been infused with a red ruby.

I'm sure everyone wants to be that teacup. Or to be that tea. So do I, for that matter.

She let out a single sigh and glanced at me.

"Oh, you're so bored that you're calling out to me. I'm sure your garden stone is doing a better job than I am"

It was as if she was saying that.

Or rather, she said it.

--But that's good.

I'm going to get a boner even if I don't think about tonight.

"Can I come to your room tonight?"

"----"

Her emerald eyes widened slightly, but then she looked bored.

"Katherine?"

"Yes."

After a quick glance at the servant who was standing in her shadow, the maid took out the key to her room and handed it to me, while saying a few words in my ear.

"I will not forgive you if you are toying with Mistress."

---- I startled.

I felt my back fluttering. The cold breath of the beautiful maid, who was three years younger than my wife, sank into my ear, and my stupid penis became more and more erect.

《Desmond obtained the key to his wife's bedroom》

Ohhhh! I got it! I've got it!

I suppressed the urge to jump up and down. If I do that, my master will say that I've lost my mind or something, and I'll be thrown in the dungeon.

--There is, here, the dungeon ....... Scary, nobleman, scary. However, it's a lord's mansion.

In this world, I'm 28 years old, and I'm literally a lord of a castle and fiefdom. But it's as small as a kitten's forehead for a nobleman's estate.

It was only the other day that my memory came back to me, but it seems that Baron Desmond had some vague memories of his previous life in modern Japan, and he used them to reform the agricultural land, create new products, and so on, and he became a lord even though he was the third son of a nobleman, a position that would not normally see the light of day.

But that's the point.

If he had been too good, he would have been taken more seriously or even envied. But that's about it. It's good enough that I don't have to make a big deal out of it, and I don't have a big enough brain on my shoulders to take a beating. It would be a shame to leave him alone, he is popular among the lower nobility (he was thanked for the agricultural reforms), and it would be a shame if he were to go off on his own, or if he were to be surrounded by rival nobles who would take advantage of his moderate but hardly ignored his talents. For example, if you have an excellent second-in-command, or if you are associated with a superior who can handle you well.......

That's why my position is not for success, but to tie me down. This is also the reason why Charlotte, the second daughter of the Earl of Terrace, who is higher than my parents' family, the Viscounts of Damwead, has been married off. In addition to the above, the dukes, marquises, earls, viscounts, and barons are also newcomers to the Damwead family.

The Damwead family should be more than happy to prostrate themselves and be given the second daughter of the venerable Earl of Terrace,......, but it is not the case.

After all, she can't bear a child. --I'm not sure if there's any medical reason for this, since this world has magic, but science is still in its infancy.

That's why Charlotte was forced to leave her ex-husband and move back in. The message from the smiling face of the Terrace family is that marrying such a divorcee to me means that your child will not inherit this territory. I could have a child from a concubine as my heir, but

"What are you talking about, my Charlotte hasn't given birth to a child yet, right? Don't you think it would be a pity for our daughter --The second daughter of Earl Terrace-- if your other mistress gave birth first?"

If Earl Terrace, her parents' family, implicitly pressured me with their love for their daughter, there was no way that a nobleman's daughter would become a concubine, and there was no way that my family would accept a concubine when they had a wonderful woman like Charlotte, right? He gave me a curt smile. I'm the third son to begin with, and if both my first and second brothers have wives and sons, it doesn't matter that I don't have any children in my own bloodline. I'd rather have a connection with the Earl of Terrace.

That's our consensus.

--Aristocrat, scary.

I'll say it again, because it's important.

Aristocrats are scary.

Well, as a nobleman and lord, I have no complaints because I receive a minimum amount of tax revenue that I can't complain about (my farmland reform was also effective).

I don't think I want to leave my children behind, nor do I want to get a big promotion. So, no problem.

But my father-in-law, the Earl of Terrace, and my father, Viscount Damwead, both have side chambers. --They are cunning. Still, if they have children, and that's enough of them, there will be no sexual intercourse. And even if they don't have sex, they still communicate with each other. I know you don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know much either.

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

However, in this world, as you might expect, there is no such thing as sexual intercourse or eroticism between men and women - in other words, there is no sexual desire.

They do have sex in order to have children. But it's just a matter of using lube and shoving it in.

--What a mess! Well, I guess that's kind of interesting, too.

There are reproductive acts, but no sexual acts. And it's even said that men and women who make out with each other sexually are weak. In Japan's Warring States period, it was considered a weakness for a male warlord to be infatuated with a woman, and sometimes even to be on good terms with male commoners. Here, however, such behavior is considered soft and weak. The difference between the two is a matter of feeling, and as I clearly remembered the memories of my previous life, they became rather vague and unclear to me.

And so it was with me, Baron Desmond, who tried Charlotte several times, but the way he do her was the same.

--What a waste!

--What a shame!

He even had a vague memory of a previous life!

Well, if it's a form of play I still think it's hot, and if I recall, I've had three solid shots. But still, during the play, Charlotte only showed the lower half of her body and hid the upper half of her skin. And if you ask me if she moaned when she did the extraction? she didn't.

After all, if you slip it in and give it a little rub, you'll get a quick one.

.............

--It's not the same. It's not! It's not that I'm a premature climax! No, no, no! --I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm embarrassed, but I'm not traumatized or have any experience.

But it's also true. The reasoning behind this is that when I do it using the lotion, I was able to shot it rapidly, even though I could control the speed. When I didn't use the lotion, it didn't happen. And if you apply the lotion when your thing is small, it will make it grow into a big rod. For women, the lotion must have the effect of making the vagina easier to get penetrated and less painful. It can also make you feel less pleasure.......

Speaking of which, you can probably guess what I was thinking when I got Charlotte to promise me a night crawl. And I've got the perfect scenario for tonight.

It's been a few days since I regained my memory, and I've been rushing to get ready. The reason it took a few days was that I was a virgin in my previous life, and in this life, I know nothing about the connection between a man and a woman except for a sloppy penetration. --It was not because I was timid.

So I felt like a virgin sneaking into a married woman's bedroom. --Ahh, I can't wait for the fun.

TOCnext

____________________

[TL's note]

If you like the translation, please consider sending me some ko-if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As promised, I went to Charlotte's room when all the servants were asleep. But what is this level of difficulty? My heart was already racing from the time I unlocked the door, but as soon as I opened it, the scent of a beautiful woman softly enveloped my body and invaded me. Even though there is no sexual desire in this world, there is no way that a man's body will not react on its own if it smelled this fragrant scent of a woman (I can't believe the men in this world don't react). I had to bend forward awkwardly until I got close to her bed.

On top of it, there was a beautiful woman in a negligee on the bed waiting for me to receive my seed. How could I not get a boner? She still smells as sweet as ever, and I can't help but admire the fullness of her breasts as they rise and fall with her breathing.

My blue eyes are blazing and I feel like I'm about to explode in all sorts of ways. By the way, my appearance is that of a typical handsome nobleman with blond hair and blue eyes. After remembering a memory from a previous life, for a while I felt like punching myself when I looked in the mirror, even though I was myself - the taller you are, the better your meat.

"You're really here, aren't you?" she said, sounding bored.

"'Of course I am. How could I lie to my wife?"

I pretended to be unconcerned, but I'm sure my eyes were even bleeding from the sight of a beautiful woman in a negligee and a chamber that was filled with her scent.

"Is there something wrong?"

"No, no, ...... you're too gorgeous, It leaves me speechless ."

"Do you think I'm a fool?"

"............"

Okay, okay, it doesn't look like it's not working. Even in this sexless world, Charlotte longed for the romantic stories of picture books. To put it simply, it was a story of a prince and a princess. That was why she was vulnerable to sweet words.

The price I paid for this information was the cost of the door and a few years of my life.

I happened to run into her reading a picture book, causing her to scream and throw a [fireball] at me. No, no, no, you're the one who said I could knock and come in, aren't you? You're the one who mistook me for Katherine. How would you feel if your wife almost killed you because of a misunderstanding? It would have shortened my life span by at least five years!

"There's some lotion there, so please just apply it quickly and get it over with."

She said with a hint of annoyance.

(translation)

"I'm not keen on this at all, but if you want to make a baby, please get an erection, stick it in, and ejaculate inside my vagina."

What a lame masturbatory manifesto.

But of course, I'm not going to use any lotion tonight. My heart is racing with anticipation, my chicken heart is shaking! I'm burning up!!

I leaned toward her on the bed.

A beautiful woman who was extremely beautiful, she blinked and then stared right back at me with a piercing glare. It's not that I don't have a taste for it, and I had no intention of forcing it on her as soon as she opened her eyes, but this is just too much.

"Did you intend to humiliate me?"

--What?

I don't think I've ever done anything to get labeled as a bad person. And I'm not going to humiliate you, no? Does this count as humiliation?

"I'm not going to use lotion"

I said, and with a startled look on her face, a disturbing torrent of magic power gathered in her right hand.

--Oh, no! This wife is really trying to kill her husband!?!?

I felt my life was in danger, and I quickly covered her lips with my lips.

"Mmm! Mmmmmmmmm!" Charlotte, my wife, was going wild. The more she flailed, the more I grabbed her tightly and pressed our libs together.

Ohhhhhh! Your lips are so soft! Her breasts are touching me, and she smells so good, I'm so aroused I think I'm going to die.

I'm sure that if I let go of my lips at this point, the magic will be instantly burned into my body. The initial spell has fizzled out, but I'm sill in the killing range. I'd rather die on your stomach than burn to death! (earnestly). I continued to suck on her lips, feeling as if I were clinging to a straw.

However, even though I have a sexual appetite and sexual knowledge, I have almost no sexual experience (please forgive me because I look good enough to not say "zero"). There's no such thing as a cheat. In fact, I'm sure I'm just an incomprehensible pervert to her. I can't believe I did something like that, silencing her with a kiss, but what am I supposed to do now?

So, I decided to lick Charlotte's pouty lips in desperation. If I stuck my tongue in all at once, it would be bitten off, I would have to stop myself from going any further.

Peropero........

" Huh!" Her body bounced. She twitched and twisted, her breath growing sweeter by the minute.

--What? Is this really working? Seriously? I have zero real-world experience, and my kisses are so ....... Well, well, .......

Curiosity and sexual desire could not be suppressed. I began to nibble at her lips, tickling and tickling.

"Sorry for the intrusion~"Ojamashimasu

"Mmm!.. Mmm! ......!"

When I rub her slippery gums and lick her teeth, she blushes and her eyes tear up, and her strength drained quickly. I thought that I could make her moan even more, so I began to rub the space between her teeth, and she opened the space between with a look of fear.

my wife is so cute.

"Mmmmmmmmm!"

As soon as I touched her tongue with my tongue, her body jerked and twitched. There was no way I could stop myself if she reacted like that. I'm a beast! I'm a horny bastard! Unleash the Beast Heart now!

"Hmmm.....chuu......" she salivate like a big puddle.

As I was lured by the overly sweet sensuality, I selflessly sucked the nectar of my lovely older wife. I could have sucked on her nectar for as long as I wanted.

After about ten minutes, we parted our lips from the euphoria of each other's engrossed tongues and saliva. Honestly, we could have gone on fucking, but I wanted to continue. Our tongues flared with passion, and a silver bridge fell between us.

My wife's white porcelain cheeks were flushed and her eyes were moist. I've never seen anything like it. I can't take it anymore.

Ng.......

But I swallowed my spit and repressed my feelings of lust. It would be unfashionable if she were to hit me with a fireball when she was startled at my sudden move. First of all, survival is more important than sexual desire. So, I'm not a chicken!

"Charlotte, it's called kissing. It's one of the sexual arts I learned for you."

"Kissing......sexual art......?"

Oh...... your face is too cute. this is like teaching sexual knowledge to a girl who doesn't know anything about it......which also excites me. But calm down - hi-hi-hoo-hoo, hi-hi-hoo-hoo.

"Oh, yes. The art of lovemaking. What I'm about to do may seem very strange. But I want you to trust me and take it. Maybe your body will react and you will even be able to bear a child."

Charlotte had a huffy look on her face.

She may think that it would be too disgusting to do something so lewd with her. But it wasn't all a lie. Before he remembered his previous life, Baron Desmond had been searching for a way to cure her fertility without telling her. In this world, if you can't have a baby, you can't have a baby, But Baron Desmond, who still had some knowledge of his previous life, couldn't artificially inseminate his wife, so he searched high and low for herbs and magic that would be effective in curing infertility.

--for his wife. I'm embarrassed to say it myself.

And that's when I found it.

"At the end of the shining white world, the white seed will bear fruit."

It's a dubious saying, but in this world where we only reproduce, not have sex, I didn't understand it before I regained the memory of my previous life, but now I understand it .......

--I don't know if it really works or not, but I think I'm right about this ease of feeling. This means I could seriously impregnate my own wife while teaching her something erotic.

"So what do you want to do?"

I asked her with some eagerness, and she said...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The naked body of an exquisite beauty lying on a luxurious bed. The white color of her skin seemed even smoother as she lay on the finely textured bedding. Even in this world without sexual desire, humans which are hairless animals, wear clothes, and those who can afford to do so dress up in splendor. Yet, as a matter of public etiquette, we don't expose our naked bodies to the public and we don't feel any shame because no one reacts with lecherous eyes.

However, with her blue eyes shining brightly, the beautiful and lovely Charlotte, who is twenty-nine years old, looks like she's only about twenty years old as if I'm looking at a virgin. Her white porcelain cheeks blushed faintly, and her eyes swam slightly restlessly.

Wow, my wife looks so young.......

The freshness of a woman's body is hard to believe for someone of her age. The beautifully proportioned body is like that of a Greek sculpture, with bowl-shaped breasts that swell up without losing their shape, and despite their size, their tips are plump and light pink and a slender yet seductive pair of legs stretches out from the moderately fleshy and full waist, which is full in the shape of a maternity womb.

Above all, the platinum blonde's dark shade. and her vertical stripes were tightly closed.

--Wow, wow, wow, awesome........

Even though we are husband and wife, we usually lube up, insert, and shoot.

I had never seen her naked before. I was so aroused that I was speechless.

"what? is my naked body bothering you?"

"Please don't be silly and get on with it."

Yes, of course.

I'll fuck you!

"......ah......"

As soon as I reached out my fingers to her swollen breasts, a cute little voice came out of her mouth. I sank my fingers in as gently as I could, and they reshaped themselves according to the force I put into them.

--It's so soft! They are soft and fluffy, but they have the elasticity to swell up. Unh, tits sure are a deadly weapon.

"Hmmm....."

"Charlotte, are you feeling it?" I kneaded her as softly and gently as I could, letting the lewdness sink in. I used my lovely wife's body to demonstrate a technique that I had been practicing on my own manhood, thinking that I would use it someday. The flesh swayed in a flowery writhing motion.

--Oh, my~ it looks like she feels it from what I see.

Every time her voice sounds lustrous, I can feel it jiggle more.

she doesn't know because Charlotte is still new to this kind of thing ....... And since we live in a world without sexual desire, she has never masturbated.

--I'm going to teach you a lot, Miss.

This is coming from a guy with almost zero experience in the field. But as long as the light pink buds were growing and twitching with each kneading, there should be no problem. I quickly flicked my fingertips over her nipples.

"Hyaaaan!"

"............" she quickly pressed her mouth shut. Her startled face was too cute.

"Charlotte."

"Oh, please don't say it. I.....I do not know why I sounded like that...."

I'm a handsome aristocrat, and even with my good looks, I almost have a nasty smile on my face. No, no, no, no, I had to stay out of that one. If I'm not careful, this wife will try to kill her husband immediately.

Then, I poked and pinched the erected [Fireball] cancel button and clinched it.

"Ah! Ahhhh! This is...... tickl......what are you......? Ugh. ......"

She can't stand the sound of her own voice coming out of her mouth. She presses her mouth with her hand tightly. I can't believe you won't let me hear your voice! Then...

"Charlotte, take your hands off me and let me hear your lovely voice, you're the first one I've tried the sexual arts on. The jewel-like sound of your voice is the only way for me to know that I am making you feel good."

A stinking, cringing dialogue. But.

"Ugh Ugh......." She let go of her hand, The look of shame on her face, as if she was about to cry, triggered a switch in her body that she didn't even know she had.

"Good girl....... It would be helpful if you could tell me what it feels like" I said, stroking her hair.

"Ah......I.....understand......." If she were a cat, she must have been purring in her throat. He was as sweet and truculent as a child.

--She's too honest. And she's crazy cute....... Is she really this kind of girl? I think she's a little childish for an aristocrat.......

I told her she was a good girl for an older woman, but she didn't get angry, she just blushed and made noises. Charlotte was like a stringed instrument, making a nice sound when I played with her nipples, kneading them and occasionally plucking them lightly.

"Hmmm...... ah, my......my nipples are tingling......my body is burning......... ...my body is so hot........."

--Oh, an honest answer. Good, good, good.

"Aaahhh! I, I think I'm going crazy, I'm going crazy from all this felling......ahhh, ahhhhh!"

To be honest, I think I might be the one going crazy. However, I put pressure on her and put my lips on hers while kneading her plump, swollen nipples.

I poked her with my tongue and she rather welcomed it. We twined our tongues and exchanged saliva, I licked and sucked her neck, leaving a red mark telling her she belonged to me. And so.

"Ou, you! ....... Hmm! No, no, no, don't suck my nipples. Don't suck them!"

Oooh, Charlotte's nipples are so plump. They're sweet and I can suck on them forever. I really want to try my best to get her to produce a breast milk brand. "I can't wait to suck on them"

I sucked both nipples hard and lightly brushed my teeth against them.

"Ahhhh!"

Burrrr! She squirmed back, shaking her huge peak. Her voltage had risen to a crescendo and she couldn't stop. Her hips are wriggling, and her passion seems to be on fire.

--But she seems to feel it easily, after all. Maybe you have a high sensitivity -- maybe you use lotion because ...... no, this may be only for Charlotte.

I licked and sucked her tits in pleasure and carved a lot of hickeys on her white skin. Then I descended and licked the hollow of her navel.

"What? you're doing that, down...... there too?"

"Of course, I'll lick and suck it. Don't hold back your voice. I can't tell how much you're feeling."

"Aah! No, please don't do that! It's dirty in there."

"Don't worry, there's nothing dirty about Charlotte. It smells great."

"No, no, no, please don't do that. ...... I can't catch my breath......"

--Wow, so this is what a girl looks like down here....... And Charlotte, you're all wet. This feels great, especially when I think about the fact that I did it myself.

The girl's vitals were supposed to be snugly closed like a virgin's, but she had opened up a thin shell mouth and was oozing honey. I was stroking Charlotte's gorgeous thighs, pushing them apart like a frog. It seemed that she was ashamed of this place, not only sexually, but also as an excremental organ. However, even though she was saying that she didn't want to, she didn't put any effort into it at all. Rather, she even opened it herself and..... *coughed*

"I don't know how a woman's scent can be so fragrant when she's feeling it. I like Charlotte's scent very much. It's like being in a field of flowers."

I let my fingers play with her thick blonde hair, then rubbed her pubic mound and spread it open. My blue eyes sparkled with magic as I gazed around, trying to uncover every inch of her.

--here are the labia majora, here are the labia minora, and oh, that's the urethral opening. Wow, there's a lot of little fleshy stuff growing in there. ...... How can you not feel good when you stick it in here? "Hmm....."

"Huh! Please don't play with me! I have never felt a sensation like that before, it rushes from my stomach to my head, wah......"

--Oh, that's right, I said something about telling me how it feels. I'm disciplined ....... But I thought Charlotte didn't like me. I wonder if she is serious at heart?

"Haun!"

If I peeled her pubic mound with a plop, she shook her huge peak and turned away.

--Isn't it too sensitive? I don't think she touches it herself because she has no sex drive, but ...... yep, I think her clit is small. Well then, let me give you a little taste .......

*lick*

I touched her clit with my tongue.

"Ahh!"

A good response. She squirmed and jerked back.

"Are you okay?"

"No, I'm not. ...... I think I just got struck by lightning. ......

"Okay. *lick* *lick*!

"Hee!! Mmm-hmm!"

"Slurp!, Slurp!, ......, Slurp!, Slurp!, Slurp!, Slurp!"

Charlotte squealed and wiggled her hips. I hugged her thighs tightly to keep her in place, licking and sucking at her swollen flower buds, licking her slit and slurping up her juices.

"Ku ~waa Ahhhhh!!" She screamed like an animal.

"Charlotte, are you okay?"

"Ahe, huu ..."

She spread her toes and huffed.

--I'm pretty sure you came right now, didn't you? Because the honey spurted out. But maybe I was too hard on her clitoris the first time.

Then she started breathing hard.

"Ah, ah, ah ...you ...no....something...something buzzed inside me..."

"I knew it. You cum."

"I cum.......?"

"Yeah, that's when women get excited. So when we do it, you should tell me when you're about to come.

"............ I understand.

--I did it!!!

I was about to strike a victory pose, but then I thought to myself, I've heard that if you haven't done it for a while, the vagina can get stiff, but I think it's time for this .......

If I fell in love with her, it would be more if she was the one being inserted. I'm sure she's accepted it before, but honestly, I think she has more potential for penetration without lube. Just get in the mood and give her a little shaking.

"Kyan!"

--My wife is so cute, it's painful....... My wife is not supposed to be this cute.

I love it when she says, "Well, I'll get some lotion......" as if she's looking for a pair of glasses.

"I don't need that" I said, dipping my finger into her vagina to show her the proof.

*kuchu*

"Hey, you wha...... do you ...... do? Hmmm ......."

Nuchu Nuchu .......

Nuchu.

"Charlotte, do you hear that? That disgusting sound is the nectar coming out of Charlotte. When she was being sipped by me, you knew you were spitting something out, didn't you? Let me show you."

"Hmm ...that's....ummm...not the case ..."

"It must feel good. You're wiggling your hips."

--Wow that's amazing, She sucked onto my fingers too. I think I'm going to ejaculate just from this. I'd like to finger fuck her as well, but ...... I still need to practice this.

I scooped up some of her honey juice, which was clearly getting thicker and nastier. Then I pulled my finger out of Charlotte's vagina and let her watch me pull the strings close to her.

"This gooey stuff came pouring out of Charlotte's crotch. When a woman feels good, she secretes this fluid, and she can accept a male without any lotion."

I gave the twenty-nine-year-old beauty a sexual lecture and played with the sticky, disgusting fluid.

The liquid is so erotic that Charlotte turned her head like a child. She licked it off, *chupu* *chupu* and then took it in her hand as if she were playing with it. Now it's time to get down to the business. I couldn't stop my sadistic urges and pick up the meat stick.

"Charlotte, I'm coming."

"Yes......but if it hurts........."

"Well, I can't say it won't hurt. But if you're this wet, you'll be fine with just a little soreness"

--I've never done it without lotion before, so I'm not sure how it's going to feel.......

"Wh-What does that mean...?"

She was about to say this, but then she starts moaning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhh!"

With a thud, I let myself in. She squeezes the sheet next to her face and wiggles her hips with a bright red face. "Aah! Aah! What is it? This is ......I've never felt anything like this before! Ahhh! My vagina is being......pushed open by Desmond's penis ummmmmmm!"

It's not as if she's hurt, but she's still more than a little startled. "Charlotte, relax. It won't hurt, will it?"

"Ugh, no, it doesn't hurt, but ....... It's just ......."

*gu* *gu* *gu*, and then I penetrate

"Are you feeling it?"

"I'm feeling it, I'm feeling it! but something like this......is just! ha Ahhhhh!!"

With a very sweet voice, I was completely buried to the root and engaged in a rich kiss with Charlotte's cervix. The hot juices flowing from the joint area and the sucking from the inside make me squirm with pleasure.

"It's all the way in. How does it feel?"

--Ooh! It tightened up! It's not hard, it's soft and wriggling.......Who said it gets stiff if you don't use it regularly? Or is this a characteristic of this world? Or is it Charlotte's genetic trait......? But since I said I'm going to perform a sexual procedure on her, if I let it out right away...

*Cunn!* I tightened my anus and held on.

"Charlotte, it's not a penis, it's called a dick. And a vagina is also called a pussy." I'm going to distract my urge to ejaculate by teaching you a lewd word.

"A dick and a pussy"? That sounds strange....... Unh! Desmond's dick is getting bigger in my...... pussy! I'm feeling it, I'm feeling it in my pussy!!"

--Oh no, I gave someone a weapon that I shouldn't have given to. She's using it and.......

"Uh, Charlotte, your hips are moving."

"Huh...well ......it feels better this way, doesn't it?

" Charlotte are you a slut?"

" Slut.......?"

--I see, if you don't have a sex drive, you don't have that concept either.

I got carried away and rocked my hips in time with her. She made a lovely sound, so I guess she wasn't worried about pain. This way, I could move as much as I wanted. But I'm not sure if I can stand it .......

--No, if I ejaculate, I can refill it.

I've already confirmed that I can get a second erection and re-fill it by applying magic power.

"Aah! Aah! Desmond...Ahh..you're moving your hips....... Ahh! Ahh!"

I rubbed the slippery membranes against each other, tormenting her while I also enjoyed the feel of her first fresh pussy.

"You know, a slut is a girl who likes to rub her pussy and dick together like this, and do naughty things with it. Charlotte wiggled her hips showing me that you are definitely a slut. But I love girls like that. Oh, that feels good ......"

"Ahhh! Huh Desmond ......then I'm a slut....... I can't get enough of Desmond rubbing my pussy with his dick.......Ahhhhhhhhh!

"Oh! Charlotte!!!!"

--Wait, that's not good......it might be coming out already.......but I guess they're all idiots, both her ex-husband and me before I regained my memory. Such a cute and sexy wife, what else can I do but to bang her?

The male swaying his hips in an unaccustomed manner and the female wiggling her hips instinctively. I know that pleasure is as dangerous as a drug, but it would be a shame if I didn't enjoy it in the proper dosage. --But there's no way I'm going to be able to handle the dosages properly!

"Oh, that feels so good......Charlotte, I wish I could keep doing this. I'm so happy that you're squeezing me so tightly."

"Hmmm, me too. Desmond was throbbing inside me...... But you don't ejaculate straight away?"

--Yeah! I was right, with lotion it's an instant ejaculation, so even if I come out now it's not considered premature ejaculation. But .......

"Come to think of it, you call me by my name ............. Besides, Charlotte was such a spoiled girl wasn't she?"

"Ugh ......please don't say that ......it's because of your, uh ......sexual technique....... I can't take this......."

She seemed to be begging for a kiss. I covered her up and scooped her up in a hug, and she clung to me and brought our lips together.

The sound of "chup, chup, ......" sinks in both above and below me.

As our hips swayed and our sweaty skin rubbed against each other, our boundaries seemed to blur and even melt away.

"You look lovely, Charlotte. Show me all of your cuteness. Call me by my name and spoil me. I'll spoil you, too."

"Ah......Desmond......you haven't spoiled me yet ....... You still said "you" earlier ......Anh ......."

my bad, I was being exposed. But if that's what the lady says, then it's good.

"All right. "My darling" Charlotte, I'm not letting you go"

"Oh me too! Desmond!"

As we hugged each other tightly, the flesh of her vagina also contracted and tightened around me.

--Oh, no! No, no, no, no! I'm going to leak, I'm going to leak!

"Charlotte! Take it!"

As I slammed my hips into her, my enduring desire was broken.

"Ahh!" She clamped her legs around the back of my waist.

--Kuohh! leg locking!....... I can feel her whole body begging me to seed her.......

I jerked and bounced as I ejaculated my seed into the loving, tightening, squeezing flesh.

--Oh......sucking, I'm being sucked....... I've never had an ejaculation like this ....... It feels so good.......

The overwhelming feeling of ejaculation seemed to empty my balls. And the euphoric feeling of being demanded so much by a woman who had been so tight and twitchy that the thick, scorching juices of child seed would not stop flowing.

--I think this might be able to impregnate her, but I doubt it.......

"It's hot, it's hot......and so much...... it's still coming out..... it feels so good............."

The meat stick was buried to the base and she seemed to be trying to squeeze every last drop out of it by rocking it up and down with her hips. I was happy and it felt good, but it was a little scary to feel like I was being preyed upon.

We stayed like that for a while, feeling each other's body heat and hold onto each other.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Damward -> Damwead Catherine -> Katherine

I saw him for the first time at my first ball, I had been longing for a prince from a storybook since I was a little girl, and I thought he was my prince because he fit my imagination perfectly.

He had short trimmed golden hair and blue eyes.

He was dressed in a child's formal wear, and when he smiled sweetly at me with his neat face, my still small chest tightened with a kyu~uun sound.

"I'm Charlotte Terrace, second daughter of Count Terrace.

"My name is Peter Swift, eldest son of Marquess Swift could you dance with me, beautiful lady?

"Yes, I would be delighted."

As a daughter of the House Terrace, I had been trained from an early age in the etiquette and dance of the house, and I succeeded in making contact with him without any mishap.

For a nobleman, a woman is a tool to bear a child. Even so, as a noblewoman, she is expected to have first-class manners, behavior, and education. If you are a man, you must have the spirit and courage to run through the battlefield.

I was overjoyed. The noble society is full of power, intrigue, and all kinds of deception, and even more so when there are obstacles, schemes, and interferences from the people around me. --However, if they showed it to the public they would be taken advantage of. More importantly, it was a trivial matter, so of course, they won't causing problems if it's just a dance.

It was at the engagement party. He and I quickly left the hall and talked on the balcony of the house.

The sky was full of stars.

It was the kind of night where it seemed as if the stars were congratulating us on our future and cheering us on. He was fourteen years old and I was thirteen. A pleasant spring breeze swayed in the darkness of the night, gently caressing our hair as it passed by.

"I'm going to be a successful General." he said. "You are a lucky woman, Charlotte, to be able to see it up close. You should be proud of yourself."

"Yes, I am."

I smiled back at him with a soft smile.

It was a beautiful spring evening, and I really wanted to be here to talk about love, but my favorite fairy tale was just that, a fairy tale. There was no way an exemplary nobleman like him would do such a thing. A knight who talks about love and protects women, that is something I admire, but I can only see him as a weak man who can do nothing more than protect a woman.

A knight is a man of nobility, a man who takes up a sword, wields magic, invades another country's territory and makes a military feat, or defends a border. He protects his territory, his name, and his property, not his women, his wife is a tool to keep his bloodline alive (but still a mother for his excellent children, so she has a higher level than his people), and his people are his property to pay taxes.

That is normal. So, while he may be concerned about his own earnings, it would be out of the question for a nobleman to be concerned about the individual needs of his people, especially if they cannot make a contribution on the battlefield.

"Oh, by the way, did you hear about the third son of House Damwead?"

"No."

I shake my head.

I heard a glimpse of the story, but I pretended not to know it in order to please the man who would become my husband. That is the etiquette of a noblewoman.

"When he was twelve years old, he wanted to fight his first battle but he just fled before them, he didn't even cross his swords with the enemy"

"Oh," she said, her eyes widening. as far as it goes.

"It was unthinkably foolish. The first battle is usually fought on a battlefield where there is no danger of death. However, if you're a man of my level, it's not so easy."

"Yes, you're right, Peter."

The battlefield that the third son of the Damwead family sent to was not called a battle, but a battle to clean up a newly invaded city. I was told that in such a case, guerrillas will appear, but they were almost eliminated, and all that was left was a sparse enemy and the air of a battlefield. It's a battlefield that can't even be called a battlefield to experience it.......

--This knowledge was passed on to me from my sister.

I heard that it was his first battle, where the third son of the Damwead family got scared and ran back when he saw the dead bodies.

"As a man and a nobleman, it was outrageous" Peter said with a hint of anger in his voice. Moreover, the third son is said to be interested in things that should be left to the lowlife, such as building the people's farmland and outer walls and improving their hunting equipment. It was a good thing that he was the third son, but if he was the first son, he would be in trouble.

Like my sister, who carries a sword like a madwoman and runs around on the battlefield....... This is why I set myself up as Peter's partner.

"After such a disgraceful display, he will never be able to go into battle again, but then, what is the point of living as a nobleman if you can't go to the battlefield?"

"Yes, I think so, too."

"I am glad you are an understanding woman."

I am glad that my sister is not forced me into becoming her fiancée. There's no way you can't tell that's what she's thinking. I just return the superficial obeisance.

He is a quintessential nobleman, a model nobleman, so how could he possibly understand my love of fairy tales?

--I'll have to leave them at home or get rid of them all. Or should I leave them with Katherine......?

I felt lonely, but I was thinking about it so that I could be with the man I recognized as my prince.

◇

In the courtyard of Desmond's mansion, the lord's wife was enjoying a cup of tea in a warm sunny spot, as cheerful as the brilliant sunlight. Her platinum blonde wavy hair reflected the sparkling light, like the hair of a mythical goddess. Her voluptuous body was wrapped in a white satin gown, and she looked more like a little girl who had been played with by her favorite brother than a sexy young woman.

She enjoys the pleasant smell of tea, and when she puts her pretty lips on it, she exhales in a dreamy tone of ecstasy. It was a rare sight to see in recent years - or rather, it was a sight she hadn't seen since her return from her previous marriage.

"My lady, you had a lot of fun last night."

"Buh-huh! What are you saying, Katherine!?"

The mistress spluttered tea and blushed brightly. The maidservant, who was called Katherine - she was dressed in a classic black dress-type maid's uniform, with a white apron dress and white brim. Her reddish hair was gathered up in a bun at the back of her head. She was twenty-six years old, three years younger than Charlotte, but her condescending attitude and honest appearance made her seem older than she was. The tone in which she made fun of the Lord was not at all offensive, her elegant beauty was cold, her fine eyes and perfectly shaped nose did not waver in the slightest.

"What, you ask? I'm just stating a fact, wrestling on the bed, forgetting me. even though there are other servants in the mansion, it's such a shamelessly loud voice. If I hadn't cast a soundproofing spell then Charlotte-sama wouldn't have been able to stay in this house. The master(danna-sama) is also not very careful. or maybe he was just trying to humiliate the lovely Charlotte-sama and make love to her as a side dish? Charlotte-sama are you perhaps forgot that I was hiding in that room?"

"Ahhhhhhhhh..."

Pssh, pssh, pssh, pssh, pssh, pssh, pssh, Charlotte turned red and blew steam as if she had become a human steam engine.

--Yes, Katharine, Charlotte's servant since childhood, had been told by her to hide in the closet just in case. because of Desmond, the lord who had not visited her bedroom for several years, suddenly said he would visit her as if his mind had changed. If it was to humiliate Charlotte, she was prepared to resist with all her might and fight him to the death. And Katharine was there to help...

"All night long, I listened to the Charlotte-sama's disgusting noise and the master's grumbling from inside the closet, - he knew exactly what she wanted. The debauched wife called him by his name and accepted the male organ with all her might."

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Stop it stop it stop it stop it! Oh, forgive me, Katharine I was wrong. I'm sorry that I let you hide in the closet in such a situation, but Desmond was such a ......"

Charlotte's face loosened up with a grin, probably remembering last night. Her eyes and mouth did not return to their original state.

--You've fallen, haven't you? foolish thing.

I met her as a casual playmate at first, and I had been her attendant since she was a child. After her ex-husband, Count Peter Swift, returned her because she was unable to conceive a child, Charlotte's depression was severe. Especially if it was because of the person she had longed for. When she was handed over to Baron Desmond as a childless device, she seemed to have given up on everything. You can keep your aristocratic pride at least, but you no longer want anything else.

And so the time had finally come for her to be dishonored. That's what Charlotte, Katherine's master thought, and she, as a follower, prepared to stab and kill him for the sake of her master. That was it.

Remembering last night's lasciviousness, Charlotte's cheeks continued to relax. She had known Charlotte's love of sweet stories since they were children together. After all, she had been forced to play the role of the prince many times. She knew better than Desmond how to say something that made women's hearts ache. But at the same time, she also knew that in aristocratic society, such love between a man and a woman was literally a mere fantasy. It is natural that Charlotte is also realized as she grows older.

No matter how much you love your partner, in the aristocracy, a woman is just a tool to bear a child. And a man who spouts sweet words can be seen as soft and weak, even in his own bedroom.

But that man, Desmond Damwead is.........

--Congratulations, Lady Charlotte. You have been married to the right person. Moreover, that sexual technique was intended for lady Charlotte, who is unable to bear children. I'm not sure why he suddenly wants Charlotte to have a baby, but...

I've played as a prince before, so I know what I'm talking about. --He's genuine.

I'm not going to lie if I say I'm not a little frustrated that my position has been taken away from me, but I should congratulate my beloved master for beginning to find happiness. If only a child could be born from this.......

--No, I think that's a little too much to hope for.

Charlotte, who seemed to have undergone a personality change is, "fu~u" exhale with drooling eyes. Even though she played the role of a sister or a prince, it's more like an older sister. but both of them are for Charlotte.

--Master, if you do anything to make Charlotte-sama cry, then I will not spare you, so please be prepared.

With a shiver, Desmond shuddered in his office. But we'll leave it at that.

"But what is so special about the sexual arts? Is it really that much of an art to making a woman lose her mind and scream such a disgusting voice?"

Charlotte looks uncomfortable "Ngh......."

However...

Like a cat who came up with a prank. Charlotte said.

"So, let's give it a try, shall we?"

／

"Chuu, chuu ......"

In Charlotte's bedroom, on the cushions where Desmond and she had communed last night, the two beauties were facing each other, both looking magnificent without a stitch of clothing.

Charlotte, twenty-nine years old, seemed to be sniffling, and Katherine's expressionless face made it impossible for the outsider to tell what she was thinking or feeling.

In this world where there is no sexual desire or eroticism, we do not force each other to show our nakedness, but when we do, there is no resistance. But there are some exceptions, for example, when people directly look at the excretory organs.

Charlotte couldn't help but want to experiment with Katherine after what Desmond had given her last night. She wondered if Katherine would cry out in an uncontrollable voice like she had done. --Perhaps it would prevent her from making fun of me-- "I'm looking forward to it." however, it was so quiet that I could hear the sound of my heart *toku* *toku*

She has wavy platinum blonde hair and a young face with large emerald eyes that make it hard to believe she is twenty-nine. She has a childish face that looks like she's about twenty, but her body is full of fresh, lustrous skin that makes her stand out as a woman.

Opposite to Charlotte, the bitter divorced wife, was Katherine, a cool-looking attendant with reddish hair pulled up at the back of her head. --She was of a slender build.

Charlotte was trying to kiss her first, to test it out.

Here are two beautiful girls (but they are a 29-year-old and a 26-year-old) who got taught naughty things by their naughty uncle who is a reincarnated person. "Wouldn't you like to try it?" They were innocent, naive, and interested "I wonder if we can feel good too if we did it ourselves?"

It was Katherine who opened her mouth first "Is this a kiss?"

The way she softly put her finger to her lips was so seductive that even a woman of the same sex couldn't help but admire it. However, Charlotte was expecting to see more blushing and a sweet voice and was disappointed to see that Katherine was the same as usual.

--I think I could almost hear her say "That's disappointing".

And it was Mistress Charlotte who was forced her to do so.

"Charlotte-sama was so enraptured by master when he did this to her."

"～～～～～!" The lovely Mistress Charlotte squirmed her mouth with her rosy cheeks and determined.

*fwap*!

then.

She pounced on Katherine and pressed her lips which were like flower petals to each other. Her breasts bounced and perked up. The small twin mounds and huge peaks pushed and squeezed each other, and their light pink nipples added a delicate accent.

The wife slipped her tongue into the servant's mouth. As he had done to her last night, she rubbed her tongues together slipperily, making her swallow and suck the saliva.

"How about that?" She breathed over her shoulder, looking a bit resentful as she looked on the servant. This should work because I am.....but

"Well......I could say that it's a strange feeling......."

Katherine looked up at her, and that really seemed to be all to it. Charlotte looked a little disappointed. Maybe she was bothered by that.

"'It's a strange feeling but...well, I suppose it's not so bad."

The wife's baby face beamed like a flower.

But.

"So this is how Charlotte-sama was loved by her husband."

The flower popped out with a poof.

"Aaaaah......"

A twenty-nine-year-old girl was freaked out after hearing her say things like, "This is terrible......." But what is really terrible is the wife who let Katherine know that she was in love with her husband.

However, the wife was not discouraged.

"How about this, then?"

*pummeling*.

And.

She kneaded Katherine's bulge, which was nothing compared to her own, and rubbed her nipples.

"Don't you feel it?" --I was already wiggling my hips with this one.

"No, I can certainly feel the tingling and stirring, but not to the extent that I am in such a state of disarray. I'm not sure if it's Charlotte-sama sensitivity, or Desmond-sama skill, or--"

--Because this is how the wife feels for her husband.

"Didn't the Master's whispering of sweet words and gentle, loving caresses make you feel that way, Charlotte-sama? --No, I'm not saying that you don't love me. I know first-hand that you are good to me. I have felt it with my own body. So, is that because of a technique?" maid shame and embarrass her mistress to no end. and also prepared an escape route for her master. That is a master-servant love.

"Well, yes, Desmond did say that he had learned something about sexual arts. ......"

"To let the Charlotte-sama have a baby."

"No, please don't say that, Katherine......."

*Pssst* The Charlotte-sama was so embarrassed that she looked like she was about to burst into steam. She looked so cute that I wanted to play with her even more, but I wondered what it would be like to be completely smitten.

"So, there's something else that he did to me."

Charlotte chuffed and licked, raining kisses down Katherine's neck, *Chu* *kiss* licking and sucking her nipples as well as her breast.

"'You still don't feel it, do you?"

"'Yes, there are definitely some strange sensations, but ......"

"Oh yes, then this--"

And the wife descended to the place she had been banged by her husband last night and asked Katherine to spread her legs apart, scrape her thick, reddish pubic hair, and...

--She froze.

"............Charlotte-sama, this may indeed be somewhat embarrassing"

Even though the world is free of sexual desire and eroticism, there is of course shame. It's embarrassing to have your excrement hole spread open, even if you don't feel any sexual sensation. Katherine's cheeks blushed slightly. However.

"What is the matter, Charlotte-sama?"

The Mistress remained frozen, spreading the servant's pubic hair.

That's not surprising.

If you don't have a sexual desire, you don't care what happens to your own body during sexual intercourse, or even reproduction. There is no way that she would have bothered to check and see for herself, let alone look at someone else's genitals.

Therefore, this was the first time Charlotte had ever seen a woman's genitals in the flesh.

--Wow, did Desmond see me like this last night!?..... What's more, Desmond put his mouth on such a disgusting part of me at that time, and hi, hiaaaaaah.....

"Don't you want to lick it?

"Hyun!?"

The lady made a strange noise. The servant, however, who knew nothing of the matter, pressed upon the mistress with her deadly blade.

"Charlotte-sama? Wasn't your husband sucking on Charlotte-sama pussy like crazy last night? It was quite relentless. And both the Master and Charlotte were in ecstasy, can you continue?

" I, i...i..."

She was very aware of what indecent things her husband had done to her last night, and this servant had seen it all.

"Nooooo~"

"What's the matter, Charlotte-sama? Has Desmond-sama done something bad to you!? I'm going to cut off his penis to a thousand pieces!!!"

"No, no!! You can't do that!! Desmond has nothing to do with this.......Heeeeaaahhh!"

"I knew it! I'll take the scissors now!"

"No, no, no, you can't do that!!"

--I can't make you love me back as deeply as him.......

"Heeeeaaahhh!" The female servant was even more upset than her lady who had exploded herself from embarrassment.

Two naked beauties. Twenty-nine year olds and twenty-six year olds bounced around on the bed, their big and modest tits, swaying, shaking, jumping up and down.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Click!

The door unlocked.

".....Katherine?"

"No, it's me."

"De-de-de! Desmond!!?"

"Am I not supposed to be here?"

"No, no......."

Charlotte's eyes flickered.

--What's up with this wife, she's getting prettier and prettier, isn't she?

She was dressed in the same thin negligee as last night.

There was no way that Charlotte, twenty-nine years old, was unaware of his purpose when the handsome beast stepped into her bedroom.

-- But isn't Desmond just came to seek me yesterday?

In this world where there is no sexual desire, sex is just an act of reproduction, and there is no pleasure in such a task, so unless there is an urgent need to have a child, one would not keep visiting the room. Moreover, I believe it takes several days for a man to refill and recharge. Furthermore, I have a body that is unable to bear a child.

That's how it's supposed to be...

"I'm sorry. I can't control my feelings. It's just that you're too attractive."

"W....wait--ah ..."

When her husband came over to her, Mistress Charlotte swept her moist blue eyes over him. without letting his wife showing any rejection. He scooped up her chin and sucked on his wife's moist lips, in the middle of the maiden's agitation.

"Chup, chup......."

"Nuh-uh......."

I nipped at her upper lip, then her lower lip, and when she started to reply to me, I just screwed my tongue in and began to rub it together. Charlotte's breath was already sweet. Desmond embraced her and rubbed his body against hers as his wife breathed heavily in heat.

Then she put her arm around Desmond's back and clung to him lovingly, sucking his mouth and exchanging saliva. The scent of the two of them hit each other's noses.

--I'm not going to be able to refuse Desmond if he does this to me. Huh...... that feels good. Please let me swallow it more.......

"Pua......"

As they emerged from the swamp of their love for each other, a silver bridge formed between their lips as they caught their breath.

"I love you, Charlotte."

"Desmond....... umm......."

She was so turned on that he went straight to her neck and sucked on it. His lips were hot as he crawled around, sucking and leaving red hickeys, and Charlotte could only surrender to him.

When his fingers reached for the large bulge in her negligee, she shivered and twitched.

"Anh" she cried cutely.

"Mmmm, mmmm..

If you keep rubbing it.

"Charlotte, your nipples are getting erect."

"Oh, don't say that, Desmond........ Hmm."

I pressed and squeezed the plumpness that pushed up her clothes, and she squirmed and moaned as I shook the soft, large bulge.

"Charlotte, I want you."

"But I'm not able to have children. And there is no indication that I was impregnated during last night's sexual session......."

--Well, in this world, if you could use magic, you could easily find out if a fertilized egg was created or not. Well, in that case......

Desmond said, "That's why I do it, isn't it? I will continue to use my sexual art to hold you every night until Charlotte is pregnant. ."

"every...........night......."

"You look happy. Charlotte is such an indecent girl."

Desmond grinned.

"No, No, I didn't! It's...it's because of you...."

Desmond lost his patience when she turned her face away from him as if she was sulking. In addition, the word "slut" was not understood, but the word "indecent" was understood. --You're starting to get it, aren't you? I couldn't stop grinning at her reaction.

"Come on, let me see your lovely body."

"Ah......no, no, no." I could only hear the pleasure in her voice.

Desmond easily peeled off Charlotte's negligee as her cheeks flushed. It was not because he was used to it, but because it was easy to take off and Charlotte even raised her hips. --I knew it she was a slut-chan. you're a cute little lady who has a shameful thought.

Her breasts are plump, full, and bowl-shaped, the areola was also swollen with a delicate outline. She had a supple waist and slender legs. Her pubic area is overgrown with thick pubic hair. She was rubbing her inner thighs together, fidgeting in embarrassment.

By the looks of it, she might already be starting to get wet. Desmond's can't resist his animalistic desire.

I was sure I had seen them last night, but I couldn't contain my excitement at the obscene rise of her nipples. I immediately sucked on it.

"Oh, no! Desmond~, no, you can't suck them this hard~!"

--Sweet as ever, I'm addicted.

"Chug, chug, chug......"

"Hyahhhhhh!"

*lick* lick* *lick* *pero* *pero* Desmond pressed his face against the large bulge and sucked hard on it. He rolled the erect nipple with the tip of his tongue, and the lusty sound of her voice became more sugary and debauched.

"Ahhhh........"

She twisted her hips, the corner of her eyes drooping and her white cheeks flushed, like a little girl's. Desmond reached out to touch Charlotte's private parts with his finger, thinking that she was more responsive than yesterday.

A small scream escaped Charlotte's lips as she thought of Katherine's vagina that she had seen during the day. Like Charlotte, her vagina was small, and the milky pink folds of her flesh were indecent, even though Desmond had just begun to teach her about pleasure.

Her husband's fingers scratched at her thick pubic hair, then rubbed her crack, making her moan and cry.

-- Oh , I got wet...Ah...no when I was in the daytime, Kathryn didn't get wet. Ah I'm not....

"You're an indecent girl, Charlotte"

It's not that I don't like it.

And then he pressed on her erect clitoris.

"Hahhhhhhh!……Please don't~ Desmond~" Charlotte's hips were wriggling. "I'm not......I'm not......I'm not an indecent girl I'm not a ......!"

"What are you talking about? You've got such a plump, puffy clitoris, and you're spilling your nasty juices all over the place."

"No, No, No......."

When he whispered in her ear, she covered her face with her hands and shook her head in rejection. Still, she didn't brush his fingers away but rather wriggled her hips as if she were begging for more. Her nipples were so erect that they had little cherries on them.

--I wonder if I was an indecent girl.......The teasing caresses made her mind ecstatic and intoxicated.

She's letting out a disgusting scream, being tortured by a disgusting man's hands and mouth.

"Heee!"

"You're so horny. That's disgusting."

His fingers sank into her. When he started to nip and suck, she felt a buzzing sensation that penetrated her brain and made her mouth pucker like a fish. His fingers never stopped, kneading the folds of her vagina, making her feel as if she were completely exposed.

"Mmmm, nnnn......no, no, no, no, no. ......"

As Charlotte writhed in pleasure, she was aware that her vagina was literally sucking his finger lovingly into her hole. She tightened her grip on his finger, almost making a heart symbol fly out of her lips, and let out a squirt of embarrassing juice.

I'm embarrassed. Too embarrassed.

But it is also true that I want more.

--No, no, no, no, this is driving me crazy.......

The shame had already become the perfect spice for pleasure. Katherine's vagina, which I had seen during the day, must have been obscene like that. Now, his fingers were teasing it, sinking into it, and I was chirping in an indecent voice

It's embarrassing. Still, I want more, more...

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Charlotte's voluptuous body recoiled and embarrassing fluid spurted from the embarrassing place where she had sucked her husband's finger into.

Pssst! Pssshhhh!

Even though it was too much shame, the immoral pleasure had made Charlotte's baby face ecstatic.

"You come a lot, Charlotte. You're a good girl."

--Wow, I've only had one proper experience, but I can make her come like this with my fingers....... Charlotte, you're so sensitive. It makes me extremely proud of myself. ......

Desmond flirting with his wife. He kissed Charlotte's forehead as if to remind her that he was not going to forget her then put his mouth to her ear and whispered.

"Charlotte's an indecent girl, isn't she?"

"No, she's not...Desmond.....Please don't say such stupid things......"

The twenty-nine year old shook her head in rejection. But Desmond continues.

She is of course overflowing with sexual desire, but this wife, even though she is so debauched, could kill her husband on the spur in an instant.

--I haven't forgotten about the [Fireball] thing.

The chicken-hearted owner thought. But her mind was so far gone that she couldn't even think about it. The experience of almost being killed in that stubborn fight was etched into his soul.

That's why I'm going to kill you first with the phrases I've been practicing.

"I'll tell you what. I prefer it when Charlotte is indecent. I get off on seeing Charlotte in all her naughty moods, just for me."

--practice, apparently.

I took her hand and let her touch it.

"You see? Do you know how aroused I am right now because of Charlotte?"

I let her tender fingertips touch my hardened meat stick through my pants.

"awa, wow......"

Embarrassed, she rubbed and stroked the hardness, her eyes glistening.

--Unh, I knew it. she was a slut.

But.

"Oh" Desmond moaned, the pleasure is too much.

"What, are you okay?"

"I'm fine. It just felt too good."

Then Charlotte started rubbing his crotch more and more.

"'Woah ......Charlotte? Uh......" Desmond raises his voice.

"I think it feels really good......."

Charlotte continued to rub him more and more, watching his reaction, and even had a faint smile on her mouth.

--Katherine didn't seem to be comfortable doing it with me, but Desmond was getting very excited......Perhaps it's true that I, uh, love Desmond......

"Ugh."

Charlotte thinks of him as she strokes and rubs the man's crotch, which seems to feel really good.

--At first, I didn't like or dislike this man.

He was the third son of Viscount Damweard, who was lower in rank than the Earls of Terrace the family of my birth. He has given an estate the size of a cat's forehead and was sealed up as a baron thanks to his talent, but he was never meant to be able to impregnate me because I was unable to bear children, I was returned to my home and given to this man as a tool for not being able to bear children, I had no right to speak. The only thing I was allowed to do was to make up my mind that if he humiliated me, I would stab him and kill him.

However, this man did not humiliate me or hold me any longer, although we did reproduction act a few times. he never shamed me or despised me, so I didn't hate him, but if he didn't hold me, I wouldn't hold him, and I didn't like him because he seemed to have given up on me.

And yet, he learned the sexual arts for me .......

--Why are you doing this?

Charlotte's eyes were shimmering with the color of love. My body and heart are seeking you. Those sweet words you said are the words I have been longing for a long time, and--

-He's very cunning.

She stared into the face of the man who raised his head and moaned pathetically as she stroked his crotch back and forth.

--You have such a lovely face....... even though you said that I'm cute, aren't you the one that looks cute?.

Then she acknowledged him. With an ecstatic, debauched, and flirtatious smile. And yet, it looked very, very happy, and at the same time, extremely lascivious.

--Yes, yes, I am already captivated by you. If you say you love me, then I will love you too, my dear Desmond...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

" Unh! Whoa, whoa, wait for a second here Charlotte."

Charlotte was jolted back to reality by his desperate voice. She had been working on his hardening cock and had kept working on it, losing herself in thought.

"I'm sorry," she said, pulling her hand away hastily.

"Desmond. Did it hurt?"

When she looked up at him with concern in her eyes, he moaned. If you continue to stare at him, it will be difficult to say.

"No, it's not painful. It just feels too good."

"It feels too good?"

Those emerald eyes are so innocent and caring. Desmond's naughty thoughts are boiling, but the eyes of a twenty-nine year old are too pure and innocent.

"that ......"

Even so, there is no way I can easily meet him. Of course, I don't intend to see him at all. I want to live quietly as a local lord forever.

-- Now let's return to the main subject.

Even if there is no sexual intercourse but only reproduction, she should know how to have a child. However, even though Charlotte has been ejaculated into the vagina many times, it seems that she really doesn't know. No, actually, she does know.

But she doesn't know the meaning of rubbing and ejaculating. Because there is no sexual desire in this world. There is no such thing as masturbation, and vaginal ejaculation is done by applying lotion, inserting it, and squirting it in. For example, rubbing, feeling comfortable, and then ejaculating...

-- Then I really have to teach it. I was thinking that the ignorance situation was good, but at my current level, this immorality is going to crush me rather than amuse me. Ugh.

"That?" I was prompted by the ignorant, innocent emerald eyes.

"ohh"

-- gulp, Desmond swallowed his spit. Yes, I'm going to stay it.

"That......Charlotte was rubbing me and it felt so good, I almost shoot it out."

-- I'm so embarrassed, I'm going to die from embarrassment...... But to be honest, it feels pretty good.

What do you mean by "out" is that what you always put inside my stomach?

"...."

It's not wrong. Although she was not wrong, she did not see the product because I only ejaculated inside the vagina. Desmond was taken aback by the overly extravagant but overly unplayful act of reproduction.

However, it also means that you can teach this twenty-nine year old whatever sexual techniques you like.

--Gufufu

And when I was about to give off a dirty smile -- I was brought back to reality.

《Charlotte's first strike.》

" I would like to see it."

"......"

《Charlotte's continuous strike》

"I'd like to see Desmond's face as he gets comfortable and lets it out. I can't? "Platinum blonde hair, blue eyes, baby face, twenty-nine years old, looking up begging.

《A devastating blow landed on Desmond. Unfortunately, Desmond is dead.》

"What is it, Desmond?"

"Hah! No, no, nothing." I was about to be reincarnated due to the sheer destructive power.

-- So this is the danger of the naives. Ignorance and naive, don't mix them, it's dangerous.

"...I mean, is it no good? ......

--She's pretty insistent. The quintessential slut ......ignorant x naive x slutty = maximum destructive power! I don't think it's possible that there are such dangerous people walking around in this world .......

Desmond tried his best to keep his brain working at full speed, even though it almost gave him a fuzzy feeling when he discovered the new equations.

-- I'd love to show you this, but It might end up being a bukkake if it went wrong, I hope I don't get burned by a fireball or something.

Desmond's chicken-hearted nature was disappointing, and it was also disappointing that he couldn't think of any other option but to face Charlotte and give her a splash. he can clean it with [purification] afterward, it wasn't that it hadn't occurred to him but that he was being driven by his desire.

"Good. But now you have to take a bath first."

Desmond put on a condition.

Charlotte had a questioning look on her face. Desmond, the reincarnated bad naughty uncle (inside), nodded vigorously.

"Yes, yes. you can't?"

"Umm, well...." -- what is Desmond up to?

"Does it have anything to do with sexual art?

"Yes, it has a lot to do with it"

--surely.

Then Charlotte hesitated for a moment and then said

"Okay, okay."

--Oh, yeah!

Desmond barely restrained himself from jumping up and down in delight.

◇

I made an agreement with Charlotte to play with her in the bath next time.

--What? You didn't promise me that? That's okay because that's what's going to happen anyway. But first, let's have sex.

Next, I'm going to lick Charlotte's platinum blonde hairy pussy.

"Oh, you're going to lick me again today......."

For some reason, she seemed to be very, very much more embarrassed than last night.

-- I don't know why, but if it makes you feel better than yesterday, then all the better. I'll be disappointed if you stop letting me fuck you.

I really love cunnilingus, I want to fuck you!

I didn't think I would ever be able to get into it, but Charlotte's pussy tasted frankly addictive and her reaction is fantastic.Even if you push it here ...

"Oh, I wanna lick it. Charlotte seemed to like it, didn't she?"

I looked into her emerald eyes and stared straight into them, my blue eyes as clear and unclouded as the blue sky.

"Well, that's true, but...ugh......" Charlotte's face turned bright red. Her appearance, combined with her baby face, made it hard to believe that she was twenty-nine years old.

--My wife is too cute it's painful.

"What's wrong Charlotte? can you let me lick your pussy?"

She hesitated, then she change the position.

"....."

I was stunned by the sight. The position Charlotte had given me was on all fours. In this instance, she raised her full, shapely white buttocks while her upper body was lying on the floor, like a cat waiting to mate.

--I'm tempted to just stick it in there.

But that's not good.

Being the gentleman that I am, I first taste the raw pussy, untainted by my own white sauce with my mouth. --Well, I don't want to lick my own stuff.

But why is Charlotte like this? eh?

And upon closer inspection, she seemed to be trembling slightly.

"Charlotte, are you scared? We had sex yesterday didn't we?"

"No, no ......I'm not scared ......."

I said "Then why are you ......?" but then I realized that I had already known the answer to that question.

"Are you embarrassed?"

Pikun!

Her ass bounced. I patted it because it was so cute.

"Ohhhh......."

The way she wiggles her hips is irresistible. I asked her while stroking her.

"Are you embarrassed?"

"Yes, I am......."

"Why? You weren't this embarrassed yesterday." Even though she was embarrassed to have her excrement seen, she wasn't this embarrassed.

Oh, I get it.

"Because I'm going to do something naughty?"

"Oh, oh, oh......."

Apparently, that's the right answer.

Good. Charlotte had turned her back on me. I'm sure I was making an ugly face I couldn't show her.

"Oh, like this?"

I scrubbed at her thick platinum blonde hair. I tugged on it as well.

--Oh, your vagina is tingling, and your juices are dripping. It's like I'm developing Charlotte, it's so exciting.

"It smells so good and delicious......."

"Ahhhh! Desmond-sama~ no~"

"You said no but Charlotte is tingling so much here, she's begging for more. It twitches so much it's like it's talking."

"Oh, noooo!"

--Whoa! I was so surprised.......It's the kind of scream that if someone had heard it, they would have called the cops. Especially if that maid, Katherine, had found me I think I would have been ground to a pulp.

Just like this *sloch* *sloch*

I shivered and decided to quiet her down by gently rubbing her bottom.

*Rubbing*

--It's a nice ass, smooth, firm, well-shaped, and impeccable.

"What's the matter, Charlotte? You seem more embarrassed than yesterday, if you really don't want to, I'll stop."

"Uh-uh......"

She moaned when I said that, but this was like her cunt was really moaning. her beautiful milky pink flesh twitched, and it seemed like I was speaking to her pussy too.

--let's try that.

"Don't you like it when I lick your cunt?" I tried to talk to her.

"No, I don't mind. I want you to lick it..."

*lick*

"Hing!"

Oh, shoot. It was as if her pussy was really talking to me and asking me to lick it, so I licked it.

--I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. I love you too much."

"Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm..."

--I can't believe it. I want to eat it. But I'm still holding back, Charlotte really likes this kind of wording. I like it because it is cute.

But one of the words I want to be told casually is that 'I want to be licked', and it has come true.

"I'd love to have you lick me but......I'm too shy ......."

Pussy speaks to me...... (from below)

"Why? Is something wrong?"

I stared at her twitching slit. Every time it twitched, a new stream of nectar would come out, sticky and wet.

--What a waste.

But I'm patient, she hesitated, according to what her pussy told me with a twitch.

--During the day.

When she tried to show Katherine that what I did to her really felt good, Charlotte seemed to be trying to teach her a hands-on lesson.

I really wanted to see that yuri-yuri. But...

Sure enough, the maid said that she had been hiding in the closet and watched us lasciviously last night. That's a scary specification. It was a shame that all of our teeth-grinding speeches were leaked, and I was chilled to the bone by the fact that I could have died.

The bedroom was still a death zone after all.

For now, I would rather be happy that I had survived the battle than embarrassed.

As it turned out, Charlotte had seen Katherine's vagina there, and the sheer lasciviousness of it made her realize that she could have had the same shape. she felt a renewed sense of shame at having been played with, peeked at, and even licked by me without knowing it.

"So, licking and playing with them is fine, but only if I don't make you aware that you're being watched......."

That's why she's in this pose where I can't see her face and she can't see what I'm doing. What is this? a treat? This way, My face was covered with her nectar.

*licking* I sucked the spilled nectar into my mouth.

"Hyahhhh!"

*Chub, chub, chub, chub, chub, chub*

"Ahh, ahh! Desmond-sama No, no, no! my pussy.....my pussy feels so good...ohhhhh ahhh!!"

Clever girl. She learned a lot of what I taught her yesterday.

But...

--There's no way I can stop if you say that!

"suck, suck, suck!* *slurp, slurp, slurp*

"Aah! Oh, no! Desmond's lips are sucking on me! Desmond's lips are sucking and his tongue is wagging inside my pussy! It feels so good!"

I continued to press my lips against Charlotte's writhing, wiggling buttocks and tasted her pussy juice with a burning passion. My mouth was coated with sweet and sour honey juice, and even the area around my mouth was obscenely sticky.

But no matter how much I sipped and slurped, Charlotte's nasty juices never stopped flowing, and my crotch was raging with a full erection.

--I mean, after all this time, Charlotte, you're calling me "Sama" What? Is it possible that this girl fell for me just yesterday? Did I make this married woman fall in the first battle?

…………

Whoa, whoa, whoa! I'm so excited!

"Huh! Aaahhhh ～～～～!"

I went wild, running my tongue over the occasional twitching fold on her labia and sniffing them. The top, too, if it belonged to Charlotte I found myself wanting it more than disgusted. But I'll save that for another time.

Besides, I'll have to teach her some other slut words.

--too much fun.

And then, when the urges finally subsided.

"Hah ah ......Desmond shamaa......."

The twenty-nine year old beauty with her buttocks raised was breathing hard. But this would do.

"'Charlotte, how about now? Are you embarrassed? Or does it feel good?"

"It feels good......."

Good, good, I giggled.

"Charlotte, I think we should try to get you to be more comfortable than embarrassed.

"Ha, ha......."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahh, anh, ah, ah, ah!"

After I made Charlotte cum on all fours with a lot of cunnilingus, I inserted her from behind and swung my hips. I got her to raise her ass a little higher.

*smack*

As soon as I inserted it, I began to squeeze and knead her full buttocks, squeezing them as hard as I could.

--To be honest, I don't think my hips are fully recovered yet. But I'm sure I'll get better as I fuck Charlotte over and over again.

I rubbed and kneaded her plump buttocks and thrust my hips into her.

The fleshy buttocks ripple as if inviting for more and more, the meat stick slips in and out, pulling out and pushing in the tangled flirtatious flesh that's difficult to separate, a hot bitch juice overflows when I push it in and out.

I was surprised to find that the nectar that was being stirred up was bubbling up when I was shaking my hips vigorously like this. Charlotte's platinum blonde pubic hair and my golden pubic hair are both covered in a lusty white foam that is becoming more and more frothy.

I explored Charlotte's canal, slipping and sliding, swooning as the folds of her flesh twisted around me. She seemed to like being rubbed on her belly.

*Guchu* *guchu* *smack* *smack*

The lord's wife's bedroom was filled with lewd sounds, sobbing women's voices, and an intoxicating fragrance.

It was a scent that drove both males and females crazy.

The folds of her vagina tightened, and every time I slammed my hips into her, drops of sweat sprinkled everywhere.

"Charlotte, I want you to shake your hips for me.

"Yes, Desmond-sama, like this? Mmm. Mmm!"

"Ooh......."

I knew she had a little lewdness in her. Her hips were wriggling from the start, yet if I tell her to do it, she would immediately begin to squeeze me. Plus, I know exactly what her weakness is.

"Charlotte, you've been shaking your ass rubbing this spot for a while now. Do you like it here?"

*twitch*

"Ahhhhhhhh! don't~ Desmond-sama~ there! there!...that's good....."

"Oh!" --It was so tight.

This is a double-edged sword. But if it makes my lovely wife feel better.

--I don't mind at all!

--I mean, if I wanted to, I could revive myself by using my magic.

I'd like to try the rapid-fire continuous strike, but for now, I need to work on my endurance. I pushed my cock all the way to the base and started to move my hips, writing the letter "の" from the movement.

"Oh, mmmm, Desmond-sama dick is stirring my pussy.......it feels so good. ......"

--Oh, Charlotte, she responded with a counter-motion. this girl is going to overtake me soon, as I have almost no real combat experience.

--I can't believe it.

"I can't lose!"

"Heeean!"

*squelch*

I pushed my hips in even deeper and gorged her cervix with my meat tip. she's crying out loudly, but she's definitely enjoying it....... Her vagina tightened, and she squirmed.

I'm getting squeezed.......

The mouth of her womb was also sucking on the tip of my glans as if it had a target-lock, and Charlotte's female body seemed to be eager to suck my semen up into her womb.

I'm not sure if it's because I've never done this position before. but I found that the Doggy-Style position satisfied my desire for domination and conquest. I can understand why men want to do it and women don't want to. The feeling of being in control is irresistible

*Thump, thump, thump*

I made small movements with my hips to vibrate the cock in the back of her vagina.

"Ahhh Oh Desmond-shama~ my baby's room~ it's poking it feels so good it feels so good~~~"

Good, good, good, I giggled, my cock getting harder and harder.

--But...

"It feels good.....but I'm sorry..... I'm sorry but I can't get pregnant......."

"What......Charlotte?"

It seemed as if she was really crying.

"Hey, what's going on? What's wrong?"

Did I get carried away?

I was in a panic, but then I realized.

For her, not being able to have a child is such a trauma. ......

--That's right, aristocratic women of this country are so chauvinistic that the feminists would be offended if they saw them. If they are farmers, they can still be used as laborers, but if they are aristocrats and can't have children.......

It had been a lustful act, but it seemed that by hitting her cervix, I had also stimulated her trauma. A storm of self-loathing erupted. But that was not all, something else that she couldn't forget was beginning to rise.

--No, I won't allow it. I, Baron Desmond Damwead, will never allow my Charlotte to cry like this.

--Yes, "Baron Desmond Damwead" (me) had been watching her for a long time. She is a noblewoman of great virtue who has been sent to this tiny territory to be used only as a political tool - and to be fucked in a way that gouges out her heart.

It's even worse than hell, because it's not in your head, it's right in front of you.

「Baron Desmond Damwead」(me) wanted to help her.

Well, I couldn't do anything for eight years until I regained my memories of my previous life, but even after I regained my memories, her reaction was so adorable that it was swept away my inferiority complex, But was that was my true feeling.

Maybe that's why I'm remembering things from my past life?

I wasn't sure if she would respond to this, but I leaned in and pressed my lips to her ear, laying my sweaty skin against hers. The scent of her sweaty hair was sweet and sour to my nose, and I knew that I would never want to make this woman sad.

But is this a good move or a bad move? I'm still not sure. But I think it would be much, much better for me to be burned to death by the [Fireball] than for her to remain in tears. --Well, it's scary, that's for sure.

I'm going to fuck you, poking and fucking your vagina with my cock.

"Listen, Charlotte, I want to put our baby in here."

"Yes, yes *hic* I'm sorry......."

"No, that's not what I'm trying to say," I said, squeezing her in my arms. "If Charlotte wants to have a baby, I'm going to make her feel as good as I can, and I'm going to cum in her vagina as much as I can."

"Ah, I'm so happy Desmond-sama......."

I'm happy, too. And I'm scared to death to say the next words.

"......But honestly, I don't know if I want Charlotte to have a baby."

"......What?"

At that moment, I felt as if the air froze and cracked.

--I'm scared, I'm scared! But I can't fail.......

I'm going to be a beast, my chicken heart is telling me!

*Gung*!

And then, my hips move.

*Zun*! I paddled my hips and gave her a heavy blow to the back of her vagina.

"Haaaaahhhh!" A sweet charming voice penetrates the frozen air.

I scooped up her full breasts, which were crumpled in the sheets, and tweaked her nipples, which were swollen to the max.

"Ahhhhhh! Desmond-sama no! No, don't!"

She purred in pleasure, and I whispered as sweetly and soothingly as I could into her ear, I licked and nibbled her ear canal and hole to make it more enticing.

"You know, if we have kids, I'm not going to be able to occupy myself with my Charlotte."

"Heh......?"

As I tugged on her erect nipples, her sweet voice was lustrous and her vaginal folds hugged me.

--Ohhhh! No, I can't let it out yet, not until I've told you everything......

"These tits, too." *grope,grope *

"And these nipples..." *clench clench clench*

"And here" I slid my hips in and out, thrusting deep into her.

"It's all mine. I'm not giving Charlotte to anyone. Not even to my children. If Charlotte insists on having a baby, I'll be her baby."

I knew it was a bad idea.

Even so, I could not stop my overflowing feelings.

"That's how I feel. If Charlotte wants to have a baby, I'll hold her every night and impregnate her. I'll hold her until she gets pregnant."

"Here." I poke on the door of her room to make her aware that I was knocking on her door. Her voice was so debauched that even I couldn't hear her chirping anymore. I would have liked to shake my hips even more, but I had to keep going until the end.......

"But if you can't, then I'll be your baby and I want you to make me Charlotte's baby."

--Ungh, I was thinking to myself, "What the hell are you talking about?" But if it was for her, I would gladly be a baby and a clown.

Because I had no choice, okay? It's not my fetish, okay?

The folds of her vagina tightened as she sucked on me. I moved my hips, giving her a lot of attention. my hands too, they were teasing, rubbed, and kneaded her full breasts, pinching and squeezing her nipples as she begged for more.

She clung to me like a baby monkey, and I shook her with my body.

"Ah, haa, dear......that's not the kind of thing a nobleman should be saying......"

--You are right. But.

"It's okay. As long as it's for you. I'm sure that's why I was born here in the first place. To love you."

How's that? If a maid is lurking in the closet today, I am certain that I will die in agony and shame.

But what's more important is what I have to tell Charlotte.

--

"Ooh, ooh, ooh!!!"

*Squeak*!

And then the flesh tightened as if it was being vacuumed by a vagina. At the same time, Charlotte twitched and jerked in my arms, and I wondered if she was okay.

*Pssshhhh, pssshhhh*!

And then the honeydew spurts out of her and the twitching of her vagina doesn't stop.

--Oh, oh.....I can't.......I can't take it anymore.

But I had to be a little more patient.

"De, Desmond...sama...haha ......." She is out of breath.

"What is it?" --Really, are you okay?

"Ahh!"

Charlotte, shaking uncontrollably.

"You know that's the word I've been longing for the most, don't you? If you say that to me........I want to have a child, but I want Desmond more than that. ...... If you change your mind, I won't forgive you! Aah! Aah!"

Her ears, which I could see from behind, were bright red, even the nape of her neck.

I couldn't help the smile on my face.

I brought my lips to her ear.

"Of course, because I love Charlotte."

"Uhhhh!"

"Ohhh!"

Gyuungh! And the tightness of her flirtatious flesh intensified. I'm going to...

"I can't, I am cumming!"

"Please! I want your seed, I would like to have Desmond's seed.....please! Haaaaahhhh ～～～～!"

"Ohhhhhh～～～～!"

I howled in time with the female's yell. My ejaculation was so strong that I thought my balls would be empty. It was as if I had used all the magic I had in my body to breed her. Charlotte is all hot and sweaty. Saying something like 'It's filling me~' I was so aroused that I was pouring my cum into Charlotte's womb until I was exhausted. Charlotte was twitching and jerking, and I collapsed into her, still holding her. --fallen.

And even though I seemed to have used up all my magical power, she still didn't seem to be impregnated. Maybe I wouldn't be able to impregnate her.

But if that's the case, then I'll just have to make love to Charlotte with my entire body, and take care of her. Because I meant it when I said it earlier.

Then I hugged her and fell into a sultry sleep with her.

--I'm never going to let you go, Charlotte.

(I'll never let you go, Desmond.......)

We had become one, together, literally.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mrs. Charlotte, do you have any children yet?"

"I'm sorry, Mother-in-law........ Please wait a little longer......."

"Oh, I see you're still planning to have the baby."

Peter's mother-in-law, whom I had married, asked me the same question as usual. I could only bite my lip, look down, and apologize.

Ah Yes, the daughter of the venerable Earl of Terrace couldn't possibly be a mischievous seed thief, could she? But it has been four years since you were married. And now that the concubine has given birth to a child...

She stared at me with scorn.

I never imagined that the day would come when I would be looked at like this. And then...

My husband appeared from the other side of the hallway, "Mother, you're here."

"Oh, Peter."

"Oh, I'm sorry for that. Anyway, there is a person who had to be more disciplined than my grandchildren."

"I'm sorry. I haven't handled her well."

"No, you're not bad at all, you sheltered me, getting a grandson as gentle but full of valor as you" She glanced at me.

"I'm happy. It is my duty and happiness to give birth to excellent children as a noblewoman, Oh, how happy I am."

I clenched my fists, but Peter, my husband, did not say a word. He didn't even give me a second glance and looked at my mother-in-law.

"My second wife is pregnant. Now I can give you my seed for a while, do you want it?"

My husband said without even looking at me.

I bit my lip and said

"Yes, Peter, I would like to have your seed, if you don't mind."

"All right, I'll be there when I can. Apply the lotion first make sure you have plenty. It's better to get it in and off so there's no time wasted."

"Yes, thank you. Thank you very much. I'll get it ready.

"If you want to thank me, then conceive. It's a disgrace to my family that my legal wife has no children. good grief, the elder sister and little sister are the same, This generation of Terrace women is a bad breed. My condolences to Earl Terrace......or is this a conspiracy against my family by Earl Terrace?"

"No, that would never happen!"

"Don't raise your voice at me, noblewoman," he said, his voice colder and sharper than a needle. "Shame on you. If you're so inclined, then conceive quickly. A woman who does not conceive is nothing but a burden. You should be prepared to be sent home if you don't."

"............ Yes, I'm aware of that."

" Humph."

He snorts and he's gone.

My pride as the second daughter of the Earl of Terrace would not allow me to cry here. I went back to my room and applied some lotion to my womanhood with Katherine cheering me up. However, Peter did not visit my room that day.

At that time I knew.

--He is not my prince.

◇

A small bird sings a poem in the cheerful morning sunshine. The cute little bodies of the birds themselves seem to become musical notes, playing the tune of the early spring awakening.

"Ummm........."

Charlotte, a wavy platinum blonde beauty who may be twenty-nine years old, but looks about twenty, or even younger than she did yesterday, woke up.

Her emerald eyes fluttered on the bed sheet, soaked with water.

"Hyah!!...D..D..D..Desmond-sama!?"

I began to ramble, realizing that I had fallen asleep in his arms. clinging to him. I remembered that he had held me two days in a row and that we had shared a bed together until morning.

*foosh, foosh*!

her turns so red that it starts to steam.

However, he was still asleep.

It was understandable. Even though he is a nobleman who boasts a large amount of magic power and rarely gets sick, if he puts all of his magic power into his balls and pours it into her, he is bound to oversleep. It is usually on the battlefield and in extreme situations where life and death are at stake when a nobleman strives until his magic power runs out. That's what he did last night, he tried to ravish her, to impregnate her.

Her ex-husband, Peter, had never done that to her, not even when they were newly married and when she began trying various therapies because she was having trouble conceiving.

*Mnyu*

And the twenty-nine year old's lips would twist into a pout.

"Desmond-sama ...... chu, chu, m~~~, chu. --Hmm."

When he didn't seem to wake up, Charlotte rain kisses on him with her plump, fresh petal-like lips. *chu chu* *suck suck* she kept sucking on it. She giggled like a little girl and licked her lips with a bit of a thoughtful look. Her face turns bright red as she starts to wriggle and shake.

"Dear Desmond, I love you so much." *chu*

I can't even tell you how many times I've kissed him in the morning.

"Ugh, Charlotte. ......"

She panicked. "Whew! Ah?"

"......? Are you still sleeping? You're asleep and you're calling my name ......."

When I came to that realization.

～～～～～～! ～～～～! ～～～～～!

I pressed my face against his chest, wriggling myself against his stomach.

～～～～! ～～～～～～!

*guri guri*

*guri, guri, guri*

*guri-guri-guri* ～～～～!

It seems the waves have finally subsided.

"Puh-uh!"

I exhaled.

Apparently, she buried her face in his armpit and inhaled as well.

"Uwa~ It's so good......"

--'I wonder what else should I do.' This is definitely a question that should not be raised in a maiden's mind.

Then.

"What?"

She has found it, towering majestically. The emerald eyes of a curious twenty-nine year old began to sparkle innocently.

She stared at it intently and reached out her hand to it.

*tsun-tun*

*throb throb !*

"Oh, dear! It worked.......this thing was.....in me yesterday" She remembers something, and her face is bright red. Then she continues poking. "Wow, wow, wow......the tip is poofy, the long part is hard......is this a blood vessel......? The shape is strange.....This is what makes me feel good, isn't it? Oh, this's the wicked part. the one that looks like a mushroom umbrella......"

*--Tsun-Tsun*

*Twitching*

--This is getting interesting. *poke, poke, poke*

*poke, poke, poke*

---- Whoa!?

◇

Okay......let's talk about what just happened!

I was sleeping comfortably, but then my thing suddenly felt good and starting to stands. I felt so good that I thought I had a wet dream. I tried to wake up with a very languid body - my arms were numb, much like after falling asleep with my arms as pillows in the middle of class.

--My beloved wife is in my arms, completely bare, her big bare breasts squeezed together, and she was giggling like a fairy as she poked my manhood with her innocent face.

Na......, I don't think you know what I'm talking about. I didn't know what's going on at first either. I felt like my head and my son was going to give out......It's not about she has a sex drive or not, it's not that simple. I think I've just tasted a glimpse of something even scarier.......

Yesterday, I shot until my magic was completely drained, so I died on my stomach... Is this a posterior death? I don't think so. ( However, I don't know how to read the letters...) --I don't think I've come to heaven, and the goddess has appeared to me for my next incarnation. Maybe they are helping me get rid of the sin of my previous life. Or maybe this is hell disguised as heaven. I think I'm tasting the torment of a too-sweet hell. --I didn't have a lot of time to think about it. --but isn't it just like a fantasy?.

I imagine, innocent little girl, who had innocently said she was going to sleep with her uncle, woke up one step ahead of me, found my untimely morning-wood, stripped my underwear, and said, "What's this uncle? It's a funny shape, but it twitches and it's fun to touch. *poke poke*

I don't think I could have survived the immoral overload of this situation.

And then, when I became calm, I would loudly argue that there was nothing wrong or contradictory about the fact that the person I was doing this to was my beloved wife, and that it was okay to play a little naughty prank on her.

"What! Wow, it suddenly started jumping around. Maybe I touched it too much and it broke......."

--Yes, yes, this is also the best part of the ignorance shtick!

Charlotte became like a kitten as she moaned and squirmed between her legs with a faint pleasure welling up in her... You may be older than me in this life, but to me, you are a kitten forever. (What do you think? Do you like this line? It was something that I would never have said in my original world, and if it had been me in my previous life, I would have been in serious trouble immediately, unless it was the blonde-haired, blue-eyed, handsome aristocrat mask of this life.) She was eager to tweak my chubby snot.

"Wha, what should I do....because of my mischief, Desmond-sama's thing is......"

――Unun, That's right, because you mischief my thing won't stop bouncing. You're a bad girl, Charlotte. You're a bad girl, come on, do it more *twitch* twitch* *shake shake*

"Hawawa~"

I couldn't put on a happy face because I still pretending to sleep, but I couldn't stop myself from gushing, even though it was a very naughty act like a child. But suddenly, I had a premonition that came into my mind with the breeze. It was a kind of godsend, something I couldn't resist......

--if you try to fix it by grabbing on it, or sucking it, or ......

"Hold on, Mr. pee-pee !!"

Wha!...

"Uuuuu!" I was so shocked that I jolted up my waist.

"Kyaan!"

It was a shame that my arm pulled away from her along with her screams, but this, combined with the shock, was totally my own fault.

"I'm good, I'm good! Charlotte!"

--I mean, what did this girl just say? Mr. pee-pee? A twenty-nine year old beauty? I'm gonna have to forgive her even if she squeezing me like that! Thank you very much.

I don't care if she's a fool.

"Ahh! I'm sorry, Desmond-sama.......I don't think you're awake........." And her pretty face turned bright red. "Oh, no, no, no! If you're awake, you should have told me......"

Oof, cute. I think any man can understand how I feel.

But to have such a pretty wife in this situation and before that, including me in my previous life, is just a fantasy. And I think her previous husband was an idiot to bring such a pretty woman back home just because she couldn't have children.

I'm not going to give it to you when you come back and find out how cute she is.

I caught her by the shoulders and held her close to me, and put my lips to her ear, as she flinched in shame but never backed away from my arms.

"I was so happy to see Charlotte so crazy about my son, it was insanely cute. I'm so glad you like it so much."

"Uh-oh......."

I rub my wife's buttocks while stroking her smooth, aching body with my hands. Then, I sweep inward.

*grin*

And the smile on my face is just like that of an erotic old man.

"No, you can't.....Desmond-sama......"

When she writhes adorably, I can only assume that she is inviting me to do more. I slipped it in.

"You're wet. I wonder what Charlotte was imagining while she played with my sleeping pee-pee?

"No, no, no......I didn't imagine anything. I'm not imagining anything.

"But Charlotte is the one who did it."

--Un, that was a real pain.......

I rubbed the faintly honeyed crack and played with it. The sound of her panting breath was too much to resist. "If you want to touch it that badly, you can. You can touch it if you want to, but don't do it too hard like you did before. It's sensitive, so be gentle......."

She was a little scared, but I made her twitch. I'm sure she's thrilled to be in my arms, but I'm not going to let her forget that she threw a fireball at me once before.

--I'll be careful not to get carried away.......

prevTOCnext

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko-if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Are you sure you want to do this?

"I' d actually like to be touched if you're being gentle." I remind her. "you know how good I felt when you touched me yesterday?"

Speaking of which.

"Oh, right. you did, didn't you? Hmm..."

--Wow, I'm kinda scared now.

I thought she was an innocent girl who was curious about my rod, but now her smile was that of a seductive beauty herself. --It was quite appropriate for her age to be honest. I was impressed, but secretly I couldn't stop wondering what she was going to do to me. I couldn't stop my heart from pounding.

Charlotte then.

softly

wrapped her tender fingers around the flesh root.

"Oh, that feels so good....... Ohhhh......"

I lifted my chin and moaned at how gentle and loving her hands felt.

Charlotte, honey, do you realize? You know that's my son you're rubbing, right? You can't stroke it with your hands like that.....

"So it really does feel good."

When she looks up at me with her eyes narrowed in a mesmerizing gaze, more and more unfathomable feelings of pleasure crawl up my spine. The more I twitch in her hands, the more I feel.

I am so embarrassed, but I can't help but feel it! I am Gross? Say what you want, but such accusations are nothing in front of this caress. Hahaha!

"Oh, oh, this is so good, Charlotte ......just roll the balls like that--oh, be gentle because they're sensitive. be gentle"

-- I said it twice because it's important.

"Yes, I know, because this is where the seed that will impregnate me is stored, isn't it? My future child, mama gonna have to take good care of you ♪"

Agh! Ugh. ......"

Oh, no, this is dangerous. I'm going awaken some fetish....... This will only make it worse.

"Charlotte, would you mind if I asked you to lick my nipples?"

"Nipples?"

"Yes, I can feel good from my nipples, just as Charlotte can feel from your nipples.

I've never had it done to me, but it seems to be in my knowledge.

Then she said.

"Dear Desmond, you're so naughty."

--Oh.....that sweet voice and that sultry expression.

"I'll lick it for you then."

*lick*

and she moistened her lips with her pink tongue.

Oh, whoa! How can you have such a lecherous look? No, wait a minute. I'm not going to be able to endure if you're going to rub on my balls and suck on my nipples.

"Ohhh......."

"Chug, chug. I've heard that it feels really good. It's really nice, isn't it....... chub, chub, chub, chub, your penis swelled up in my hand. it's so cute."

--You're so cute!

"It's no good, peepee-chan was so excited....... Huh? There's something slimy coming out of the tip. What is this?"

Oh, shoot, oh, shoot. Is this what I think it is? Ignorance x natural x lewd = Super Ejaculation Manipulation!

Huh? Is that formula different from before ......? No, now is not the time to be talking about that. ......

"There are more and more coming out as I touch it. Desmond-sama, what is this all for? *kiss* Please tell me" She didn't forget to lick my nipples.

Is she know? she doesn't have any sexual knowledge of this thing, right? I am so glad that there is no sex drive in this world. If there were, I'd be nothing more than dust in front of the wind.

" Oh, that......oh......." I can't do it, I'm losing my reason. "men get wet too, ....... Even Charlotte gets wet, right?"

And then...

Oh, now she's in cute mode. she makes her face red and puffy, Un, cute cute cute.

How shallow and foolish, to think that I was going to get smitten like this.

"Time to return the favor."

"Huh?"

I made a sound like her when she was surprised. There's nothing cute about a man saying that. But it's nice to be told that we're a couple who resemble each other.

In this situation, my living and dying rights are literally in her hands.

"I've been bullied since I learned sexual arts. That's right, Desmond-sama wouldn't let me do it because he was afraid I'd do it back to you. Oh, how cunning!" Well, I'm a little relieved that she didn't accuse me of being cunning, but that's just my thinking because Instantly, Charlotte's grip became intense.

She worked my cock with her exquisite hands, and with her other hand, she rubbed my balls. She rubs the tip to wipe off the embarrassing juices then smears them on my cock for better lubrication, and then licks my nipples to make me cum.

Whoa! That's not good!! But I can't help but surrender to it.......

"Mmmm, you look good. Would you like to kiss me?"

"Yes, please.."

"You're so cute and cuddly. *kiss* *kiss*"

Oh, she even inserted her tongue.......

Oh, I can't do this anymore, I want to be squeezed dry by my wife's hand......

Every time she did this, my seed would stew and bubble up and close to my urethra. It would have been nice to be able to ejaculate as much as I wanted to.

But, however, my chicken heart was pleading with me to not get her hands dirty, which made my heart pound doubly fast.

If I sprinkle it on her body, fireball. Furthermore, if she is proficient in magic, she can even burn the thing she is holding in her hand right now......

After entangling my tongue with her seductive tongue and exchanging saliva with her giggling, I parted my lips to catch my breath.

"Ahh...."

You mustn't be swayed with the lonely look on her face.

It's my life, or at least my son's life at stake!

"Charlotte, wait a minute."

"What is it?" *chew*

You're improving too fast! You know exactly what you're doing, don't you?

"um...... I'm almost ready to come out so I want you to wait for a bit........"

"Isn't that fine?" wait wait wait!!

Wait a minute! I'm going to spray white pee all over the place you know!?But This is not the time for me to be saying something distasteful like that.

"No. Ugh........ If I ejaculate like this...It's going to end up on Charlotte."

I grit my teeth desperately.

"I don't mind."

Shh.

then she said.

"I don't know what kind of stuff comes out of you. I want you to put it out. so, please."

charmingly and forcefully.

--Well, then, I'll take your word for it.

No, no, no, no, I'm too chicken to cross such a dangerous bridge. However, I also wanted to bathe her with mine, I want to do Charlotte's bukkake without any reservation.

Survival needs and desires teamed up to do a sort of line dance. Or maybe it was break dancing. They were entwined in a double helix, trying to push me to the top of my climax.

"No, let's do that in the tub next time" I moaned, my patience wearing thin. "So, for now, let me release it in Charlotte ...... ugh ......."

As soon as I said that, her hand stopped.

I was so relieved, I didn't want to let my guard down, but of course, I missed her fingers when she pulled away.

"Well, I can't help it. Now, in my vagina......."

really..this girl...

"Charlotte seemed to have grown fond of getting her pussy screwing by a dick."

"screwing? I don't know what it is, but I know that Desmond-sama is saying something bad. This is not good. This is what a bad boy would do. Ssshh."

And then she sucked on my nipple.

"Oof......."

Aaaa, extreme paradise .......

I'm getting my nipples chomped on - I can't lose. "That means, of course, that I love to put my dick in your pussy and grind it in you."

Then she gave me a disapproving look - I have to admit, I'm excited. This alone is enough to make it hard three times as much."Uuu, guess who just did that?"

The heat and the licking are filling the room in more and more.

"Don't you like it?"

"Yes, I do," she answered immediately.

"Desmond-sama is actually a pervert, isn't he? No, I think I might have known that long before."

"What?" --What did I do?

She looked embarrassed if she was frightened. --The cute Charlotte has appeared.

"Because Desmond wanted to apply the ...... lotion to me himself back then."

"Oh" I remember now ....... I have a half-baked memory of a previous life, which is why I had a half-baked sexual desire. It's like I'm in the middle of something, combine it with the chicken, and then I apply it, but that's it. It makes me sad to say it myself.

"Didn't you like it?" --That's right. It was before I started this whole sexuality thing, and you didn't even like me.......

From Charlotte's point of view, she wouldn't be able to refuse, so once again, I'm an asshole.......

"I'm sorry."

"What?"

"I know you didn't like it. I have to confess, it was--it was definitely a perverted hobby of mine."

However, as if she was about to get angry, she instead swept away her emerald gaze and scowled.

"I ......I ......" she hesitated, and then, as if she had made up her mind, she said, "......actually, I didn't mind. It's not that I don't like it....., it's just that I was confused about it at first......and then I realized that I was being serviced......."

"Huh." "Huh." "Huh."

"Wha...What!? Desmond-sama! Why is there a nasty look on your face!"

"What is it?" I slipped my finger into Charlotte's honey pot. I'm going to kiss her, and I'm going to fuck her, kneading her tender soft parts that I just learned.

She immediately reacts with a blush and a twitch, I love her so much.

"Too bad I don't have to put any lotion on it. You' re already wet. The nasty Charlotte was rubbing my perverted dick, and she felt so horny that she didn't need any lotion. That's right, Charlotte is a horny girl who loves to get her pussy fucked by my dick."

She wasn't really a girl anymore, but with such a pretty and childish face, I don't think there was anything wrong with saying that.

When I played with her, she immediately let out a sweet, lustrous breath.

"Charlotte was drooling here because she wanted me to put my cock in this nasty hole isn't she" - slurp, slurp.

"No, no, no.......Desmond-sama, no, no, no, no! I apologize for getting carried away with you earlier.....hunh, ahhh!"

Even though she said that, she never resisted. Then she starts to undulate her own hips.

"No, I'm not gonna stop you. Because Charlotte wants me to do this to you, doesn't she? She's happy to be fucked by me, just like I was happy to be fucked by you. I'm glad. I'm glad I'm not the only one who's a pervert."

"Nnnnngggghhhh! Noooooo! I am not a pervert..... Han! Ahhh! Desmond-sama has made me a pervert....... Hmm!"

"Don't you like it?"

I asked, and she grabbed my arm, cooed into my face, and put her lips on mine. The two of us slurped and swirled our tongues together, exchanged saliva, and then our lips parted with *chuppah* that sent shivers down my spine.

I'll never forget her glamorous, happy, and delightful face, which was both a seductive mature woman and a cute little girl.

"I don't mind. I want to be dyed by you, Desmond-sama. Desmond-sama seems to have a fondness for perverted women, so you will have to teach me many, many things."

When she stroked my meat pole, I jerked.

"Oh, good, Charlotte. I'm going to have a lot of sex with you then.

"Yes, please, come on."

Well, then, be my guest.

"Well, I'm going to need you to get on top of me now. I want you to put my dick in your pussy."

"Oh, no, no! That way, you'll see it all......."

Oh, yeah, seeing Katherine's pussy made you conscious, didn't it?

Charlotte is embarrassed, and her perverted uncle's pleasure is getting worse and worse.

"'That's better. I thought Charlotte was supposed to be dyed by me."

"Uuuu.......I'm already regretting this.

"Even though you say that I like you for straddling me. I love you, Charlotte."

" I don't like it when you say that here at this position, you know?"

"But you seem to be enjoying it so much that juices are dripping out of Charlotte's crack.

"No, no, no, no!"

My wife, a beautiful woman, straddles my waist and shakes her head reluctantly. Her platinum blonde wavy hair swayed and her emerald eyes moistened with lust. It's like I'm forcing myself on a girl and it's very, very hot.

However, her fully matured body was as fresh as a girl's, but with the flesh of a mature woman mixed in. The factor that makes these two ambivalent elements compatible must be magic. This wouldn't be possible otherwise.

They were plump, beautifully contoured, and puffy. The pale pink nipples have a delicate outline, rising up from the nipple-areola, and despite the size of the fatty flesh, the waist is tight. Her buttocks and wrist are the types called Child-Bearing Hips. but too bad she can't bear a child. it is plump and wide, the child will grow smoothly. And at the center is a darker shade of platinum blonde hair......

It's a fantasy. her body is fantasy. (she body is fantasy)

Huh? What's wrong? It's okay, I've heard that English can be understood by mood.

And as I gazed intently at her magnificent physical appearance.

"Well, I'll take it then."

--I'll take it. I am going to be eaten.

Charlotte squirmed and squirmed like a flower in shame, but then quickly lifted my cock and said.

"Oh, no! You can even see it spread open!"

"And of course, I can see Charlotte's embarrassing juices dripping out of her arousal."

"Oh, you're so mean! Desmond-sama! Unh-unh! Ahh! I'm getting it in....... Mmm-mm-mm! Oh, It's filling me!! I'm filled!! ...but .....there is so much left"

"You can take it all the way in, can't you?" The tip is already kissed the Charlotte cervix. I Give it a light poke with my hip.

"Fuhhh!! Yah! Unh! No, no, no! My insides, it's going to get it! it's cracking it open!!"

Charlotte's shaking and trembling.

"But you see, Charlotte, I've only made my first move. Charlotte is the one who's wiggling her hips against my dick as her inside sucks on it."

"Huh?"

I'd like to give myself a pat on the back for not erupting at the sight of the scowling face. the cunnilingus and the flirtatious flesh are entwined, and they're trying to squeeze the child's seed out of me while I'm still squirming.

Charlotte is getting better and better.

"You spoiled brat."

"Ohh! Desmond-sama! Please don't call me that! Mmm-mmm!"

She reacted like this when I lightly rocked her hips. I can't get enough of it.

"But now Charlotte has to move her hips. Try rubbing your good parts."

She wiggled her hips in a circular motion.

"Huh, Desmond-sama is so mean. But it can't be helped, can it? I am also the second daughter of the venerable Count of Terrace. I'm a woman of my word." Is it appropriate to use the name of your birth family there?

"Please dye me, handsome pervert-sama♡♡"

*Boom!*

I felt as if I had been hit on the head with a pair of tits and had my balls gripped tightly.

It is said that "pervert" is a term of endearment in some circles, but I never thought that adding "sama" to it would give it such a high damage.

Charlotte, this girl is scary.....

I didn't even have time to sob.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....Desmond-samaaaaa......"

"Ohhhh......Charlotte, that's great, that's great......"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Even though she was still not very good at it, she was able to sway her hips with the bountiful breasts and nipples that were erect and puckered, rubbing our flesh together.

It's too good for the eyes....... And best of all, my dick feels too good. ...... Oh, .......

If you raise your chin blissfully like that, you must feel great too.

"Mmmm ......Desmond-sama you look like you're feeling good......."

"So are you.......Oh......."

"Mmm because I love being fucked in the pussy with a dick......Mmm!"

Charlotte, scary ......

However, it was only after this that she was able to give me a taste of her true horror. She was rocking her hips, rubbing her weak point.

But then, as if she'd come to her senses.

"From the look of Desmond-sama expression, It's like I am the one that attacking you, aren't I?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Huh?"

Then

My chicken heart alerted me, and she started to shake her hips, pressing her knees against my sides. Her vaginal lips began to clench and bare her fangs.

"Wai....Oh....Charlotte! This is!......It's so tight! the way you twist your hips ......oh ah!"

The feeling is so intense that my penis starts to throb.

How could she have suddenly grabbed something in such a short time? Her nipples are completely grabbed, though.

Seriously, this level of twisting and tightening is no joke!

But...

"Ohhhh!" I can't help but feel good.

"Ohhhhh!"

But I'm not a horse......although in this case, I might be a pig....... In this world a noblewoman is not supposed to be equipped with riding skills....... Well, except her sister.

--Oh, no! No.......ugh......I can't take it anymore.......!

"Ah, it's a good ride! Desmond-sama, I like this, huh! Nuuuu! Hah!"

I had no choice but to become the horse of the awakened mistress. I was awakened to the sensuality of being dominated when she was holding me down on my knees, her hips were getting better and better with each wave, her tormented underbelly was moving lustfully, her bountiful fruit was bouncing wildly, and above all, her platinum blonde hair was splattered with sweat. She was the most vibrant and hot girl I had ever seen, and she was too beautiful and too lewd.

I think I might as well just be Charlotte's horse. I've want to be her horse all my life.......

"But that' s not the way I want it! I'm not going to let you do anything you want! Come on!"

"Aahhhh!"

*grab* I grabbed her dynamite tits, which were bouncing wildly as if it has their own will. She was neighing like a mare. *squeeze* *squeeze* *squeeze* *squeeze* *squeeze* I was rubbing the fascinating mare's flesh. I went on crinkling the obscene pale pink that was pinning and provoking me.

--I'm going to play sexual knowledge cheat master in this world, though. I haven't used that right yet, and I can't help but feel that she might be the last boss, but I can't afford to lose at this point. My adventure (of the female bodies) has only just begun!

"Ahh, ah, ah, ah! Oh, this horse is trying to fight its master!"

"No I am the master! I will discipline you, Charlotte! Ooh!"

"Aahhh!"

I knew it was a double-edged sword, but I rubbed her breasts and swung my hips around.

Charlotte, with her platinum blonde hair shaking like a horse's mane, began to squirm and writhe, her vaginal folds tightening and clenching. It was as if we had lost all boundaries and were melting together. I swiveled my hips, catching her firm buttocks as I brought her up to a sitting position. Then she called out my name in a sweet voice and as if she had been waiting for me she clung to me with her arms behind my back.

She wrapped her legs around the back of my waist and tightened them, inviting the fullness of my cock deep inside her vagina. I slammed my hips into her and whispered into her ear as I hugged her tightly, my beloved wife.

It seemed like a bad idea, but somehow I knew it was for the best. And Charlotte seemed to have heard me, even though she was madly enjoying herself.

I'm gonna tell you something good. We're going to rewrite the trauma.

No, well, I'd be lying if I said I didn't have personal desires.

I rocked my hips and poked her deep inside her vagina. The torment of the tangled vaginal folds was so intense that I was surprised I didn't ejaculate immediately. Charlotte had already agreed to let me do it.

"Aah! I'm coming out, Charlotte! I'm going to spill my seed juice all over your womb! I'm going to make you pregnant. get pregnant Charlotte! Oh!!"

"Ahhh! No no wait, you can't! I can't conceive, so I can't take your precious seed! Aaahhhh!"

Okay, Charlotte's in the mood. She's a great wife who can overcome her trauma and help me with my desires. And I'm sure Charlotte's enjoying it, too.

"It's okay! Even if we can't have children I want to cum inside you! Charlotte love to get fucked in the vagina even if she can't have kids, isn't she! You're a dirty slut!"

"Ahhhh! Yes, I'm! I'm a slut who loves to have my womb filled with cum!...... Aah! Aah! Desmond-sama! I'd love to take Desmond's precious seed in my pussy! Even if I can't conceive! I want it!"

"Ohhhh! Nice job, sweetheart, but I'm going to force Charlotte to impregnate even if she doesn't! Prepare to be impregnated! Oh, Charlotte!!"

"Haaahhhh ～～～～n! I'm happy, so happy, Desmond-sama~~~"

She embraced me tightly, both physically and vaginally, hugging my back and behind my waist. I could only imagine an anaconda or an insectivorous plant, but I would never tell her that.

Aha, but such a final ejaculation before death must feel good.

We hugged each other tightly and came together, our breaths hot and our hearts beating in unison.

I thought I had used up all my magic power last night, but it seemed to have come back after a night's sleep. It was a crazy ejaculation isn't it? Isn't this magic power flowing from Charlotte as well? She wanted me to sire her so I could ejaculate into her....... *spurts*

It was a little scary though. but I'd rather be squeezed to death than getting fireballed! I mean, no matter how much I ejaculate it's Charlotte who's giving me the magic, so I know I probably won't get squeezed to death, maybe....

But...

I had a strange and yet startling feeling coming over me. Perhaps it was the cum balls in my crotch. What is it, you ask?

--If this continues, Charlotte is definitely going to be impregnated.

To be honest, I don't know what I'm talking about...... Last night, I ejaculated emptied my testicles until my magic ran out. There was no sign of Charlotte's impregnation. But it might have worked. The path seems to be connected ....... But why does this girl need it? I guess I wasn't wrong after all.

But I was still a coward, and at first, I lied about my sexual technique to a certain extent. I thought I'd keep quiet for insurance purposes, though. And if that doesn't work I can take back my words.

--So, with all seriousness and guilt out of the way, my cock is still buzzing inside Charlotte's vagina. I'm not sure if she was unconscious or not, but she was wobbling and jerking in the aftermath, spewing honey, and breathing hard. She was giving me her magic, and she wanted me.

Then, of course--

I pushed her down from a face-to-face position, covering her in my embrace as she clung to me.

"Ah, Desmond-sama, I didn't think you were still going to do me after this......."

--Oh , she's surprisingly healthy after all that cumming.

Yeah, but it's better that way. It's better if you respond properly.

I stared straight into Charlotte's emerald eyes with my handsome aristocratic blue eyes. In her moist eyes, I could see my face from this world. --It's a sweet looking face that makes me want to punch myself in the face. But if I'm going to match her, I'm going to need something like this.

"'Yes, it's her fault Charlotte is so attractive. I want to fuck you like this."

"Oh, I'm afraid that would break me."

"'Hmm, if you're fine after all this, I'll probably break first. You slut."

I poked and prodded her vagina like a couple pecking each other on the cheek. Then, rather than being satisfied, the vaginal meat embraced my manhood in a flirtatious way.

"Then give it to me!"

I'm going to make Charlotte pregnant.

The thought crossed my mind that it would really take a liter of cum to impregnate Charlotte. The idea was too frightening to contemplate. But...

I wonder if I'm wrong to think that I can fuck Charlotte without even thinking about it.

"Haah, hurry up, please fuck me in my pussy with your dick more and more. Please give me lots and lots of Desmond-sama seed in my slutty pussy. Please give me your seed."

......No, not only is it not wrong, but I must get myself up and shake my hips.

"Jeez"

I smiled sweetly as I pushed Charlotte's supple thighs up into a wide V shape and began to buck my hips as I fucked her.

"Oh, Ahhhh! Desmond-sama~ I can see you, I can see my pussy, I can see you fucking my pussy with your dick!"

She's so happy. In addition, her vagina is twitching like crazy.

--Being a dad is hard work.

But it's worth the effort. Every bit of it!

"Come on, Charlotte."

"Come Desmond-sama!"

And so we enter the second round this morning.

"Stop."

And just then, a cold maid's voice intervened.

"............"

"............."

*creak* *creak* *creak*

We both turned our eyes to the door with a creaking movement.

"I appreciate your affection for the Mistress, but it is long past your scheduled time to get up. Breakfast is getting cold, and I am almost at the end of my patience in distracting the other servants. I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you'll have to get up now.

"............"

"............"

"I'm sorry" I apologized involuntarily.

Cold beauty and narrow eyes. I'd like to believe that she's staring like that at her master. From the narrowing of her eyes and the sense of guilt, I couldn't help but think that she was judging me. No matter how expressionless it was.

The husband pressured the wife, and the wife was happily laid on top of the husband. The two fools in the room and the maid, Katherine, who has been Charlotte's personal attendant since she was a child, stood there as if she were an ice cube. determined to make sure that her masters would heed her warnings.

.............

The wife's cheeks twitched.

Oh, no. Both Katherine and I rushed to cover our ears.

"Hiyaaaaaaaa ～～～～" The wife's scream of shame, like a destructive sonic wave, was making the cheerful but lewd morning bedroom tremble.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

My wife and maid shouldn't be here in my office.

◇

In the morning, in the office of Desmond's mansion, I go through the documents sent out by the government officials, which are the work of the lord. Tax revenues, crop harvests, bandits, security issues in the city, demon attacks, arrangements for knights......etc. As long as the documents are in order, I sign and approve them.

when I see the documents that come in. It makes me always think about how I feel.

It's been eight years since I was locked away here in <Aldra>. and the place has become quite prosperous and peaceful. Originally, it was an emaciated and barren land, abandoned by the other lords, but thanks to a new farming method I invented, the land has been transformed into a rich and prosperous place. Land is now a bountiful place where no shortage of food. In addition to that, I've found that having the lord personally thank the people has such a positive effect....... It's true that the small territory has a small population that needs to be fed, but still, my skills are commendable.

Also, there's the magic-powered defense device that I invented.

I'm glad to hear that it's working more than adequately. With it, the villages can effectively protect themselves from foreign enemies, and when bandits or demons appear, they can be beaten back, and even enriched with bounties.

The next document I read said that the device in Moiré Village needed to be replenished soon. There are some commoners who can handle magic power, but they can't compare to the nobles. I'm going there to replenish the magic power myself as well as to inspect.

The normal stance of a nobleman is that lowly people are just objects to be taxed, and there is no one who cares or performs duties as I do. The duties of a proper nobleman include the defense of his domain, the expansion of his territory through wars of conquest, and above all, the political maneuvering in aristocratic society. If the tax revenue goes down, the politician is fired and a new politician is appointed to who can collect the tax more mercilessly.

It is regrettable, but for the lord of this rural, cat's forehead-sized land, it is a fire on the other side of the shore, an event above the clouds, there is nothing I can do about it,

Besides, all I want is to rule this land peacefully and live in peace.

I will check the schedule and make plans to go to Moiré Village. Later, I'll order Steward and Butler to prepare the carriage, escort, and contact the other side.

I was mostly satisfied with the management of my domain.

However, there was one thing that I could not do anything about.

That was my wife, Charlotte.......

My wife, who could not bear children, was returned from her previous marriage, and I married her as soon as I came to rule this territory. It would be perfect if she and I could be on good terms, but that may not be possible. Although I have been trying to find a way to impregnate her, we have not made any progress in the eight years since we were married, and the insurmountable gap between us has grown deeper over the years.

With no children of our own, we would disappear, having been absorbed by the Terrace family.

Looking out the window, I saw that the sky was reasonably clear, although there were clouds. That has been my life so far, and that will be my life from now on. I breathed a sigh and started working on my papers again.

That was my normal job and workplace as Desmond Damwead.

It was supposed to be like that....

I'm usually alone in my office sanctuary, and I don't call my maid or butler unless I have to. And yet, on this day...

When I glanced at her, she seemed to be glancing at me, too, and smiled.

She smiled at me softly, like a tender field of flowers. She had wavy platinum blonde hair and large emerald eyes. Her face is so childish that it is hard to believe that she is one year older than me at twenty-nine, and her white cheeks like white porcelain are covered with vermilion-like flower petals.

Charlotte, my beloved wife and the woman who fell in love with me through my sexual techniques, which I called sexual art. My technique was almost like a virgin with zero experience, but I wonder if women in this world are all vulnerable to sexual thing or it's just that Charlotte herself was a lewd person.......

However, she is so cute and lovable that it doesn't matter. Even if this is my workplace, if she smiles at me like that, I can't help but smile back.

However, she is so cute and lovable that it doesn't matter. Even if this is my workplace, if she smiles at me like that, I can't help but smile back.

In my previous life, I would have been extremely unsuitable, but now I'm a sweet, handsome aristocrat with blond hair and blue eyes, a sweet man that makes me want to punch myself in the face.

I'm sure we're a good match!

And there was another person in this room who looked very different from the rest.

She was dressed in a classic, black one-piece outfit with a white apron. Her red hair is pulled up at the back of her head, and she is wearing a white brim, with her back straight and splendid posture. The graceful manner in which she poured herself another cup of tea before Charlotte ordered her to do so was perfectly refined and flawless as the attendant of a noble lady with a long history. I had always heard that the behavior of those who have mastered their craft is beautiful, regardless of the form, but hers was just that.

--Yes, she is a maid.

The only one from the House of Count Terrace to accompany Charlotte as her personal attendant, her name is Katherine, and she will be twenty-six this year.

Although she is the youngest of the three, she is the one who seems to be the oldest. I mean, I'm this young and Charlotte is a twenty-nine year old.

It should not be strange for a maid to be waiting in the lord's office, but...

--Oi, Charlotte. Aren't you sitting down gracefully and comfortably on the soft sofa as if it was natural? You're eating a cookie (noiselessly) and enjoying a cup of tea gracefully? You do realize that this is the Lord's office and I'm at work, right? I'm tempted to ditch my paperwork right now and get a full-time job as your chair. (If you want, I can be a bed or a blanket.)

It's really....... But honestly, though, it's just as comforting. --Yes, that's it. I feel like watching a hamster. However, unlike the hamster's pulley exercise, I have never seen Charlotte exercised, aside from the bed exercise from the other day. I wonder how she keeps her well-proportioned body so well......

I immediately noticed it. Those big breast pouches. The excess nutrients must be stored in the fat sacks of her breasts, like the cheek pouches of a hamster. But then again, Katherine said.

--Yes, everyone's body shape is different, and there's no such thing as being too big for boobs.

Good, Charlotte, eat your fill. I'll be grinning and enjoying your reserves once again tonight.

I knew that the only time I would ever see the two of them together in my office would be when I was filing for divorce. If they did, I would lose the will to live, but it all came to this because this morning, after breakfast in the cafeteria, I was ready to work when I heard.

"Why can't I stay with you, Desmond-sama? I won't bother you."

-- Can't I go to Daddy's workplace? I won't bother you. I don't want to be separated from my Daddy. Yaaaay. I'll stay with you!"

Just imagine if you could stare down a twenty-nine year old child with a beguiling sweet emerald, such illusions overlap.

"You're an irrepressible wife, all right."

I think the only people who don't have a problem with this are the saints who are very good human beings, or the devils who have no blood or tears in their eyes. And the personal maid of the twenty-nine year old.

"Master, if I may be so bold, I would like to ask you to do the same. I have heard that your job was to check the documents reported by the Political Officer. Although you have done an outstanding job of planning the project, the actual progress and management of the project seem to have been received and carried out by the Political Officer. Furthermore, the improvement proposals that Master has received from the Political Officer have all been rejected, and Master has not been involved in any projects beyond planning. The only work he does beyond that is to make plans for the future. Even then, the Political Officer sorts the documents in different formats, and she also makes sure that the schedule is set.

Madam is also a noblewoman, and we are both in the same room, she only stays in the same room with him and does not talk to him or interrupt him. Considering the nature of her husband's work. I don't think She will cause you any trouble. master doesn't seem to be doing much exchanging of letters between nobles, which is the original job of nobles. If you have such a stressful job, I'm sure madam will withdraw from it.

The reason why madam made this suggestion was that she knew the nature of the husband's work. Master, can't you fulfill the wife's desire to be with her husband? I apologize for my impolite advice, even though I am a maid."

……………………。

--Don't you think that all is forgiven if you bow down with courtesy and graceful gesture......what is this maid?

You are being ridiculously polite and serious, but there's a thing that called condescension, you know? In addition, it seems that she's being disrespectful to Charlotte...... Charlotte doesn't seem to mind, though.

And the worst part of it was that everything she had said was true.

I'm doing my best... but the Political Officer (she) is too good.....

She was appointed as the political officer of Aldra's territory at a young age, and she was so talented that one had to wonder how she ended up here. I asked her, she says that she worked hard in the royal capital because of her excellence, but she worked too hard and her shitty bald boss defense mechanism was kicking in, telling her not to be so bossy as a woman. She hates it, the old-fashioned Ancient Régime that workes like shit and an incompetent boss who is all about showing off.

She was sent here, but she has no intention of going back to the capital because she can fully demonstrate her abilities, and she is doing a perfect job that the lord cannot interfere with or even control.

My job as the lord was only to check the contents and give a sign.

Hmm? Me? You're asking if I find her annoying?

Why should I?

If she's better than me, wouldn't it be better to have her do the work for me? Well, in many ways, I have to admit that I'm baffled by the incomparably better alternatives she comes up with when I suggest something to her.

And as for the socializing of the aristocracy, I'm not interested in getting a promotion, so I'm not actively exchanging letters. It's not that I don't have friends, you know. There are even some aristocrats that I occasionally exchange letters with.......

So, as Katherine said, I don't get any work that requires me to be on my toes, and it's an irrefutable fact that I have no trouble working with Charlotte and Katherine in this room.

--It's a fact that can't be overturned.

I don't mean to be unreasonable, but how does this maid know so much about the inner workings of her master's business when she's just a maid? I knew that you were no ordinary maid though. You've hardly ever spoken to me.

But if I think about it, it's quite natural.

Katherine, the personal maid from the House Terrace, comes alone with Charlotte. I'll be surprised that she's really just a maid. I'm sure my "chicken sense" was able to detect the scent of a strong person in this maid, and Randolph, the head butler, had reported it to me.

Because now, even though she's standing behind Charlotte like a shadow, I can't properly sense her. If I don't focus your attention properly, I might overlook whether she is there or not.......

I didn't expect her to be a maid with the skill "presence blocking". and what is the common maid's skill? The essential skill of the maid is "sense of presence" which reads the feelings of the master and takes the best care. That would make her an assassin, wouldn't it?

--Bururu.

Well indeed? you've been reading about my wife's feelings, but please read the husband's feelings a little more. I would like to be left alone with my wife to do some office play. With Charlotte on my lap and playing tricks with her, I'm sure my work will be three times faster. And this maid, as you can see, even though she works in this mansion her real master is still Charlotte, and she is not on my side. It would not be surprising if she were to spy on me, her husband, for the sake of the Lord.

--The Gray Hound's name will be ruined if this little girl gets away with this kind of espionage. Chief Steward Randolph.

I would like to say that, but I think he's not afraid to let people know information that he doesn't mind them knowing. --No report, contact, or consultation to me...

It's true that Grandpa would be able to perform at his full potential if he were left to his own devices, and the real master of the house is actually my father. He is my guard and head butler, but he is also my watcher.

I ain't got no enemies around me, and I ain't got no allies.......

--But I don't care!

Because Charlotte is on my side! I'm going to be Charlotte's baby, and I'm going to spoil her! But, you know, even the woman who was supposed to be my mother is......

"I'm sorry, Desmond-sama, but Katherine meant no wrong. Katherine really does know what to say and what not to say, who to say it to and where to say it."

Charlotte mama...... there's no point in mercilessly sticking a blade in the wound and gouging it, right?

But you're right. This maid, with her cold, unconcerned appearance, She took the perfect route of being courtesy and rude, but not violating the boundaries of irony and sarcasm. What masterful steering. She must have been able to drift through the sharp curves of the mountain pass. If I go for Charlotte, I also get a personal maid, but I'm not sure I can get along with this girl.

--I'm sure I'll be awakened to some dangerous sexual habits.......

and his beloved wife mama said.

"But I am glad to hear Katherine use such words to Desmond-sama, for it shows that she is beginning to feel more comfortable Desmond-sama."

She was smiling softly, looking really happy. I could almost relax at the sight of her face. But...

--is that really okay?

If the master and the maid get closer, there's a risk that the master might unintentionally touch the maid.

Oh, I see, I realized.

--She's a commoner. Although Charlotte has heard that she can use magic, and she has been a follower of Charlotte's since she was a child, so Charlotte considers her to be someone she doesn't have to worry about, but that's still how she treats me.

Charlotte is also a very venerable, noble, daughter of a noble family.

That's why I've been able to do that kind of thing...

But even so, I haven't laid a hand on any of the maids in the mansion. If I were to impregnate one of the maids, it would be more than awkward for Charlotte.

If I hadn't convinced her otherwise...

"But Desmond" Charlotte said, her face suddenly becoming serious.

she looked at me, and I'm getting nervous. If she tightens up her pampered and squishy appearance, she will turn into a noble and high-ranking noblewoman. As I remembered my previous life as a commoner, I felt even more pressure than usual.

"It's Katherine, so I don't think it'll trouble her. but If it offends you, Desmond, let me be the one to take the punishment."

--Whoa!

It's all right, isn't it? I didn't unintentionally inflate my nostrils, did I?

"Master, you've got a nasty look on your face."

"Uh..."

This maid..... if that's what you're going to do, then fine, I'm going to play naughty tricks on your mistress instead. --What? I can't? but she just give me permission.

This morning's incident must have been some kind of an accident too I suppose.

She's quiet, almost expressionless look.......

"...... Good. As long as you keep quiet, you can stay with me."

"Thank you, Desmond-sama."

A wife with a big smile on her face makes me feel like I've done something good. there's the disgusting smile in my mind too, thinking about various scenarios of office play.

--That's why they were in my office and by the way, there was no sofa in my office. My study desk was placed on a thick carpet, and on either side were shelves full of papers. Katherine brought in a sofa for her mistress and a small desk, all by herself! (I'll said it twice because it was important. She is a magician after all.) The two of them came together to visit me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Let's go back a little bit to the incident this morning.......the result of the maid's wrongdoing.

"Hiyaaaaaaaa ～～～～"

The sound of shame of my wife shuddered through the cheerful but lewd morning bedroom like a destructive sonic wave,

I quickly tried to cover my wife's exposed body from Katherine, pressing our hips tightly and pulling the sheets to cover us together. I knew I had to protect my wife, no matter how much she had seen of our first affair in the closet. My beloved wife made a distressed sound "Haaan ♡" She looked at me in ecstasy as she squeezed her husband's cock with her folds. "Ahh Mmm......." even though all of this is covered by a sheet, the creaking sound of the bed gives Katherine a clear idea of what is happening on the bed.

--There's no point hiding it now, isn't it?

Katherine remained calm and without a change of expression and staring towards us.

"I'll be going first, please stop whatever you two are doing, and please come to the dining room"

She bowed and graciously and then left, closing the door behind her.

As if she had sensed it, My wife underneath me cried, "Aaaaaaa......" I could only assume that she was feeling distressed by the tightness of her vagina and the kind of exposure she was giving the maid, so I ejaculated deep inside her.

"Desmond-sama, if you let Katherine go I will not be able to get dressed..."

As a noblewoman, she usually asked her maids to dress and undress her, and she didn't know how to undress or dress on her own.

The maid had left us to go to the dining room so that I could dress Charlotte.......

What a clever maid!

So, this twenty-nine year old that can't dress, was at least able to put on her panty by herself.

"Why are you more embarrassed to put them on than to take them off?"

After that, I started with her bra, buttoned her blouse, and put on her skirt with my hands.

--It was a great honor to be a husband to a young lady that could not even wear clothes.

So this is the destructive power of a genuine aristocratic daughter, scary......

As a husband, it was a great privilege for me to ask the aristocratic lady, who couldn't even dress, about how Katherine always kept her bountiful breasts in her bra, while I purposely squeezed them to fit them in place.

And incidentally, while buttoning up her blouse.

"In the morning I'll button you up, and at night I'll unbutton you."

Hmm, I'm speaking like an old geezer, doesn't it? But...

"～～～～～～! yes......"

Pssst.

I managed to suppress the urge to immediately unbutton the buttons of the twenty-nine year old who was blushing so much that looks like steam were rising from her face.

"I'm sorry for the hassle, Desmond-sama. I will try to learn how to do it myself. ......"

"As far as I'm concerned, it would be better if you don't learn."

"Ah, ah..."

--Un, cute, so cute.

I held her slender shoulders, which were trembling, and placed my lips lightly on her pouty lips.

When she stared at me with her flushed face, I felt like I couldn't stop myself, but I managed to restrain myself from sticking my tongue in her mouth.

Then we went to the cafeteria, holding hands in a happy mood.

(End of recap)

◇ ◇ ◇

"Then, Charlotte, lift up your skirt and show me your panties."

"What!?"

In the office. My beloved twenty-nine year old wife is blushing and surprised, she's cute as usual.

"Why you said?" I glanced at Katherine, but she was unfazed by her cold looks - at least on the surface.

--I'm glad. I don't know what's going on inside her mind but even if she had glared at me, I would not have been able to punish her. Because I'm a chicken.

I kept my composure and pretended to be as serious as I could.

"Isn't that what Charlotte said earlier? If Katherine misbehaves Charlotte will be punished in her place. And Katherine, despite her status as a maid, said that my face is disgusting."

I remember that.

The servant kept quiet, and the mistress, who is going to get punished in place of the maid, said

" Huh......? No way, that's ......." It's cute to see her eyes widen and gasp. But Charlotte, you're expecting something more than this, aren't you?

If you act like that, I won't be able to stop myself.I'll be punishing you as much as I want......(on the crotch)

"It's a punishment because of the rant from earlier ...... you stand there with your skirt up for five seconds."

"Yes, If that's what you want......."

Charlotte was already blushing and clutching at her skirt.

My beloved slutty wife is in a state of excitement.

............but then

"However, it is true that Master had a disgusting look on his face. Is telling the truth going to lead to punishment? oops, I just said the word 'disgusting' again. Will you punish her for this too?"

""....."" we both gasped at the same time.

The Maid has done it again! plotting against her mistress!

You're doing a great job Katherine!

his wife was also in the mood. I nodded gravely, trying to look nonchalant. "Right, then I'll add another five seconds. Continue to lift your skirt, even if you're embarrassed and even if I'm not looking. This is your punishment."

"Even if you're not looking......."

"yes" --Guhuhu, that's right Charlotte, You seem to understand that.

Being stared at is embarrassing, but it's also embarrassing to keep rolling up your skirt when you are not being watched. The shame of being seen and the shame of not being seen. It was thanks to the maid's fine play that I came up with this.

However, this Maid was also a goal-scoring striker herself.

"Master, allow me to ask you something directly."

"Good." -- It's a little late for that, don't you think? Well, I forgive you, because of this reward. In addition, Charlotte says that this maid is well-mannered, Charlotte trusts her.

And most of all, She's the key figure to her own mistress's downfall! So I thought

"I will allow you to speak without permission in some cases. but I hope you understand the occasion" No doubt she would be more fully capable of doing so.

"Thank you, master"

The way she bowed her head was so refined that I couldn't help but fall in love with her. She looked up and stared at me with her steely brown eyes. But what come out of her mouth was....

"I don't think madam would be embarrassed to show off her underwear even if people don't usually ask someone to show it, but now, she is. I wonder if this is a result of master's sexual technique."

"Oh, yes. By arousing feelings of shame, it stimulates physical arousal and estrus, making it easier to impregnate a woman. Charlotte is still in the process of developing it, but she's already been able to react to it so far."

I seriously and foolishly told the maid, who had known my wife since childhood, that I had trained my own wife to do this. I don't know what I'm saying at all, but I'm saying just for the sake of it.

"De Desmond-sama......"

The madam who was being trained by me had emerald eyes that were shaking with shame. she blushed with such a look. I want to hold her in my arms, intertwine our tongues, and push her over and put an end to this boiling pleasure. But there is a maid here and I still has to work. Haaa..., I regret that. but then the maid.....

"I see. In that case, by showing Desmond-sama my underwear. I can also get a glimpse, even if only a little, of what the art of sexual love is all about?"

".......eh?"

I looked over and saw that Katherine had her hands on the skirt of her maid's uniform, just like Charlotte.

Seriously!?

"Even master already heard that I was in the closet when master first performed the sexual act on madam. but, I'm very sorry for peeking in on you." The maid bowed to me courteously and gracefully.

"It's fine, Katherine"

I'm trying my best not to let my feelings of excitement and agitation show.

"I admire your generosity, master."

--Well, it doesn't matter.

However, you really aren't misspelling the "generosity" and "pervert", do you? Is that paranoia on my part? And Katherine raised her cold, beautiful face and stared straight at me with her narrow brown eyes. But frankly, I can't look directly at her, you know?

She is beautiful. It's no surprise because Charlotte is also a beauty, this world is full of beautiful men and women. If my face is still the same as I was in my previous life..........my head hurts, I'd better not think about it anymore.

"After that night, sexual art had become a part of her life. madam gave me a little test to see if I could be so excited and feel like her."

Yeah, that's what she was talking about. I really wanted to see that.

I glanced over at Charlotte.

Kaaah.

She turned completely red on her face. whenever she gets that kind of cute reaction, I'm agitated ...... (on the crotch).

"But...." And the maid showed a faint gloomy expression. "I don't understand it. So, if you said that showing my underwear to master is related to sexual art. I'd like to try it myself, but I wonder if you'd agree to let me show my underwear to master too."

"......Good, I'll allow it." I'd rather ask you to do it for me.

"Thank you, master"

Katherine bowed politely, still with courtesy and grace.

............ seriously!?

no, no, no I mean, normally, you ask a maid to show you her underwear, you know? As a maid, she can't disobey a master who wants her to do something, you can give her a merciless order, and she'll cry out in shame. Or she shows it to you while staring at you in disgust. Isn't that the cliche pattern?

Oh, So that's it.

'I want to see if I feel the same way as Charlotte-chan.'

And what do you know, just like a junior high school girl who has just learned about sex, this 26-year-old maid is going to follow alongside her 29-year-old mistress who has just been taught the joys of sex by me.

Is this how innocent girls are taught naughty things by bad uncles, go astray, and are exploited as sex objects? I finally witness the darkness of modern society!

leaving that joke aside (and I don't think it's a joke), with a beloved wife who is willing to take the punishment for the maid and lets me see her underwear, and after all the work you went through, 'What's it like?' said the maid, who was charming like a model voluntarily showed me her underwear, following her mistress example.

I, on the other hand, felt a refreshing sense of excitement, as if I were a young junior high school student again.

I took the so-called "commander's stance" at my desk with my hands crossed and elbows propped up in a deliberate manner, my blue eyes glowing piercingly. My wife, with her eyes glowing and her cheeks stained with shame, and my maid, whose face is almost expressionless unsure of what she is thinking, both rolled up their skirts and waited impatiently for their master to expose the underwear they were currently wearing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Well, then, Desmond-sama, please punish me for what I've done......."

Charlotte lifted her skirt, holding it with her blushing face.

The neat white skirt reveals a pair of fresh, smooth white legs that you wouldn't expect to see on a twenty-nine year old even though she looks so young, her legs have the right amount of flesh on them, as the skirt is lifted up, an adult sexiness seems to come out of them.

-- I want to cling to it and rub it on my cheek.

I want to lick it all over and suck on it.......

Watching my wife pull up her skirt, I was filled with an immoral desire for her.

"Sure enough, if someone stares at you with such beastly eyes, I might be able to feel something. Sir, please take a look at this one, too."

My wife's personal attendant from her childhood then began to pull up the skirt of her maid's uniform. She followed the wife's lead and pull it up very slowly. as if that the first-class maid's well-trained <sense of presence> was able to detect the impatience that I was feeling.

Unlike my wife, who had been developed by me and taught her desire for sex. Katherine, who felt no shame in showing her underwear, could have rolled it up at once. And yet, she is doing it so slowly.....

Her maid's uniform is not flashy. A black one-piece maid outfit. She also wears a white apron dress. The work was impeccably done, and the clothes were sophisticated to the point of perfection. Since there is no eroticism in this world, naturally, sexuality does not enter into the maid's duties.

--Although it shouldn't be there in the first place.

Anyone who thinks that sex service is a de facto part of a maid's duties is too imbued with two dimensions.

-- That's the truth. Don't be surprised if the reality is too sore. or you can say that the world with Eros is scary because it seems to convert anything into sex.

unlike the wife, Katherine's legs and feet were covered with white stockings under the skirt of her maid's uniform, which was being pulled up slowly.

Boom!

My chicken heart was beating even louder than before.

--Oh, shit. Oh, shit.

Why? Why?!?

Why there's something better than naked legs!

No, no, no I'm not saying that Katherine stockings are better than Charlotte's bare legs!

Charlotte's bare legs are exposed, beautiful flesh that makes you want to pounce on her at any moment, How can it not be attractive?

Oh, I see.

I felt like something was slipping into my mind.

Is this what wabi-sabi[1] are all about?......

Japanese, profoundness.....

The White Socks were the perfect embodiment of it.

Nakedness, they said, has destructive power that could not be described.

Yes, that's right. It doesn't have to be Charlotte, or Katherine, Anyone who has never seen a naked woman in the flesh before, the appearance of a beautiful woman in the nude is more likely to scare them than make their heart jump. For this reason, even if they raise their majestic spears, they are likely to remain as new recruits who have never broken through the castle gates.

Even so, it is said that if a woman takes off her clothes, the war will end.

"Too much of a medicine can become a poison" Or "Good medicine for health tastes bitter to the mouth". (What? that's not the same? whatever)

It must be a kind of battle suit to cover it up, so as not to scare and entice the sensitive Cherry Boys.

A pair of neat white socks wrapped around her supple legs. I wonder what's slowly emerges from under the maid's uniform.What is going to be underneath it? And how far does that white, divine horizon can extend?

--Garter belt...!?

While I was weeping over the Japanese profoundness, there was a Western-style weapon on top of it like a siege weapon.

Of course, my wife, whom I dressed this morning, was not equipped with any of these. Even so, her bare thighs are so distracting that my hands started to tremble. And of course, the maid too.

The maid's has a pair of secret weapons, while the mistress was unarmed. this maid is an assassin after all,

And underneath their skirts, which had been pulled up to the top...

Both of them are dressed in pure white panties.

A twenty-nine year old and a twenty-six year old junior high school girl. Their pure white underwear was exposed in my office.

--What a destructive force this is!

I thought my evil gaze might have been burned out by the overwhelming white flash.

I was able to see Charlotte's underwear from the moment she put them on this morning, but her cheeks were stained with shame and her emerald eyes are moist. I can't control my heart If she could lift up her skirt while staring at me with that.

And next to her, a beautiful woman in a neat and classic maid's uniform was also holding up her skirt. White socks x garter belt x pure white panties = ultimate killing blow!

I thought she was wearing more sensual underwear, but she dared to go with the traditional look.

In addition, the fact that she is paired with his wife makes me wonder about her backstory as well.

This maid, unlike my wife who seemed to be embarrassed at being trained by me, kept her face almost expressionless as usual. This makes me feel satisfied with the work (training) I've done on my wife.

Next to the maid who was proudly exposing her white socks, garter belt, and white undies, my beloved wife was shaking her hands and exposing her slender legs in just her white undies.

What a lucky day, what an unexpected bliss.

I'd like to spend at least an hour looking at it while twirling a glass of wine in my hand......

What? are you just going to watch and do nothing?

What the crab are you spilling, you bastard!? Touching this work of art is outrageous!

This is the kind of art that should be looked at, not touched.

--Aha, but I'd certainly like to touch it too.

It is said that the word "eros" means the violation of abstinence.

The desire to defile a beautiful thing is something that I can't help but feel.

and then....

"Desmond-sama.....hasn't it already past ten seconds?"

"Yes, Charlotte-sama, He just keeps staring at us, and it's already been a minute."

what......eh?

It's only been a minute? It seems that my extreme concentration, awakened by the underwear of two beautiful women, had condensed the time. It was as if I had been watching them for an hour or so already.

"But I want to see more, And Charlotte, you didn't speak up until a minute had passed, I suspect you feel the same way."

"N...no...that's wrong.....you are so mean, Desmond...."

It's not convincing if you say it with such a rutted look and voice. And aren't you the one that who's mean? I've got my penis all stiffened up. and-

"Charlotte, aren't you getting wet?

"Heeah!"

Gotcha!

Charlotte hurriedly pulled her skirt down.

"the time is up! it's over Desmond-sama" Her red and wobbly face is just too adorable.

However.

It's over....... Like the last fireworks of the summer, a sense of sadness, desolation, and loneliness surged into my heart.

This is wabi-sabi.......

I closed my eyes, savoring the aftermath of the moment. A smile appeared on my face as if I got enlightened, I thought about the impermanence of this world.......

"Master, please don't look so sad."

The first class maid then added.

"After all, the night will come again."

I hurriedly opened my eyes to see Katherine's figure, still holding up her skirt.

………………

"You can put it down now, Katherine."

"Yes, excuse me then."

I wonder why she is so graceful even pulling down her skirt. Isn't it Charlotte who's a young lady?

And what she just said...

'the night will come again.'

'I'm sure you'll be having sex with your wife again today, right? Please continue your play in the bedroom then.'

---um ,no objection.

When I looked at the wife, she was looking down with a blush on her face.

Is she inviting me? you're inviting me, aren't you!

"Then, so as not to interfere with the master's work, Please come here Chalotte-sama"

"Yes......."

The wife said with muffled voice. The first-class maid, Katherine, took her hand and led her to the sofa. It also has a certain lily scent to it.

--That's nice.

Damn, everything she works is perfect, isn't she?

"But you didn't feel it yet, right?"

I asked something that could ruin the whole situation for us.

Then Kathleen raised her brown, and her narrowed eyes toward me.

"I had a strange sensation, but nothing that I was aware of."

"Hmm, I see......"

So, for the inhabitants of this world, where there is no such thing as eroticism, they need to do the actual act in order to feel shame. Does that mean you won't become sexually aroused no matter what?

I would love to see this maid awaken in that direction, but I reaffirmed my stance that I would not touch it unless Charlotte gave me permission to do so.

／

"Hmm."

I exhaled and put down my quill.

This was the end of the morning's work. Well, I did my best. Normally, I'm a solitary worker, silently tidying up paperwork, but today, I was accompanied by two of the most beautiful women in the world. And before they started working, they both lifted their skirts and showed me their panties.

I even want to give myself a pat on the back for not letting my inferiority complex get the better of me.

"Well, are you finished?" Charlotte, my dear wife said. "I mean....Desmond-sama works very fast."

Oh, this feels pretty good. So, as a reward, I'm going to lift up your skirt and continue where we left off... and then...

"It's a lot different from what you've said before."

"What do you mean Katherine?"

With uncontrollable anxiety, I decided to ask the first-class maid.

Her real master is not me, but Charlotte. However, this first-rate maid can give me an extra point that will please my wife.

The enemy of my enemy is not my friend, but the friend of my friend is also my friend......Let's just say I'm not very good at describing it.

--It's called.......conflict of interest.

"No."

With all due respect, Katherine, you're being a bit presumptuous. In an attempt to respectfully underthrow the wife, she also tried to block the lord's nose from stretching.

*snap*

"Madam once said that Desmond was doing work that Desmond didn't have to do and using it as an excuse not to do the other nobleman's duties.

He's been involved in work that should have been left to the political officers, work that he didn't need to do, Instead of exchanging letters with other noblemen, negotiating in social gatherings, and the like, In addition to that, he makes visits and socializes with unnecessary lowly people.

I may not be able to bear children. but I never thought that I would be married to a noble who is not acting like a nobleman. As I passed through the gates of this mansion I had to give up all hope, she said.

That's what she was telling me about Desmond-sama's daily life."

" "..........." "

*.....*

I glanced at my wife.

I'm sorry.

She averted her eyes.

---- *kof* (vomit blood)!

"Well, Charlotte used to call me that ......."

It was inevitable that people thought so, but it's depressing when they actually tell you....... I had no idea that people thought our gate was the gate to hell.......

And now, Katherine, you've called me out on hearsay, haven't you? Well, it's okay because we're the only ones here. (But it's still not good isn't it?)

--or is it?

She wants me to punish my wife again. It's the best pass I've ever had, just like what they said. It can't be helped if you're a master, you have to understand the maid's intentions.

The wife, who was presented to the master by the maid, was flushed red.

--Un, cute, so cute.

This makes me want to give her a good spanking.

"Yes.......I've said something like that before, but no, I don't think about you like that now. Desmond's works are not aristocratic, but......thanks to that ...... (giggle)"

"What? If you don't tell me clearly, I won't understand."

"Umuu........Desmond is so mean."

You can't help but be even meaner when someone says something like that.

My lovely bride, her cheeks stained like a fresh apple, her mouth a little pouting.

"Thanks to Desmond-sama uncommonness, I am thus ...... adored and loved ...... ummm...... and happy. I'm so happy, Desmond."

---- kof (vomit sugar)!

my wife has the destructive power to both patronize and flatter.

"So Desmond-sama, You won't have to go out into the annoying society of the nobility. You can do what you want to do. Well, you know...... if you love me ......"

Yes, I love you. I love you so much.

Charlotte, you know.

--She's so magical.......

I can't help but love her, and this first-rate maid, even though she can make you cry, if I were to make Charlotte cry, she would instantly crawl into my chest and insert her dagger through my ribs.I think of that time when I went to get the key to Charlotte's bedroom.

'If you toy with her, I will never forgive you.'

That's what you said, right?

I guess this is what's called a keeper of deterrence.

But Charlotte's words of annoyance were very real. I may be a real Baron now, but I was originally the third son of an upstart aristocrat. I was in a position where I didn't need to go out into the social world. So I had never met any of the noble ladies except Charlotte, nor had I met Charlotte's rumored ex-husband. And even now, I refuse to go out socially, because I'm a social outcast ....... I mean, they don't even send me invitations...

I don't care! As long as Charlotte(mama) is here!

The aristocracy is a dubious social circle, and it's best if you can avoid it.

I'd be ridiculed, of course!

well

I got up from my desk and sat down next to Charlotte, who was sinking her big butt into the couch.

"Hmm, Desmond-sama......"

I love the way she immediately rubs herself against me.

But, you know what?

No matter how much I love her, I have to settle the score.

Katherine, a first-class maid, must have grasped my intention.

"I'll go prepare tea for the master."

"Thanks. --But there's no need to rush."

"Yes, sir."

Charlotte's personal maid bowed her head in a graceful manner. The white prim on her reddish hair was indeed a sign of first-class.

we exchanged glances, as she quietly closed the door, I quickly reached out to grab Charlotte's shoulder.

A sin is still a sin, no matter how old it was. I'll be sure to give you a good spanking on your sexy body.

--Gufufu.

I can't stop laughing inside my mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The maid walked down the corridor of Desmond's mansion, without a sound, as if she was floating.

Her steps were like walking through a haunted house.

She has reddish hair in an upswept bun, a white brim that resembles a crown, narrow eyes, and a beautiful face with a sharp nose. She is Katherine, Charlotte's personal maid.

From the other side of the corridor, another person was walking at a similar or faster pace. She narrowed her eyes slightly at the other.

"Ah, Miss Katherine. Isn't your mistress with you earlier?"

He has a stern, calm voice that sounds like aged scotch, bushy eyebrows, and a mustache with a stroked of gray hair. In Desmond's original world standard, he would pass as a warm, kind, and gentleman with a wrinkled face in a butler's uniform that looked like a tailcoat. There must have been a number of young ladies and former young ladies who would spend any amount of money to hire him and wanted to be called "Ojou-sama" or "Oku-sama" by him.

"Randolph-sama"

Randolph Steiner. He is the head butler from the Viscount Damwead family, who came with Desmond when he was locked in this Aldora territory. He was also his bodyguard and supervisor.

He was born in the same house as him.

However, despite his position as a head butler under Desmond, Randolph himself is a nobleman with a knighthood. Even though she is Charlotte's personal maid from the house of Terrace, she has to call him by his name. Randolph would never force me to do so, though.

"Madam is with the Master and probably busy right now, so unless it is urgent, I think it might be better to give them some time."

"Hmm."

The old man raised his bushy eyebrows. What peeped out from underneath were gray eyes like lead that had been carefully polished over many years. They were filled with a kind of mysterious light and also absorbed some of it.

Katherine remained calm, inwardly ready to take up her dagger if she detects something. However, there is a good chance that this experienced knight, who was once feared as the <gray hound> will be able to see through me, which is like a baby compared to him.

He said "I wonder what the Master is planning something strange again?. Or is he not the one planning?"

"I can't possibly know the Master's thoughts. and that also applies to Madam as well."

"Hmm, I see. Then Master must have come up with something strange again. He's been doing strange things since he was a kid. That's how I have ended up following him here. Well, for an old man like me, there is no better place to spend the rest of his life than in a peaceful countryside town."

He smiles softly, like a grandfather who's taking care of his grandchild, However.

Katherine thinks.

What are you talking about? Old bones, spending the rest of your life? You are still working, aren't you?

Even though he appeared to be a gentle old man, there was no sign of footsteps coming from him, and now that we were facing each other, there was no opening. Even if I had found an opening, I doubt it would be a real one. I can only assume that it was a trap

In addition... the conversation we just had. Although we worked in the same house, we were servants with different masters, and what seemed to be a trivial conversation about our masters actually has many layers to it.

***

There was no way the old man didn't know that Desmond had started crawling into Charlotte's bedroom two days ago. Even though this is a world where there is no such thing as romantic relationships between men and women, it is only natural to assume that the purpose is to breed.

But then, why?

Randolph thought to himself.

Why did he start breeding Charlotte now, after eight years, when she was unable to bear children? And if it's a normal mating, they use lube, insert it, ejaculate, and that's it. It was weird to even stay the night, but they even slept through this morning.

The maid said that the Master and the Madam were too absorbed in their conversation for them to be awake. Randolph wondered if Charlotte, the second daughter of Earl of Terrace had done something to Desmond.

However, the old soldier's keen observation could see that Katherine is not lying, and Desmond is not harmed at the least. He can sense it, It's something that only someone on the same level as him would be able to understand at a glance.

If Desmond was not harmed, and he stepped in without permission, even though it was the Desmond residence, it is still the bedroom of the second daughter of the Earl of Terrace. If things went badly, it could develop into a problem between the houses.

It was a good decision to take a wait-and-see approach. Afterward, the Master and Madam showed up for a breakfast late, and even though they didn't look different, to Randolph's observant eye, they seemed to be very close with each other.

Randolph, unaware of the naughty activities between the two, scans Desmond to see if he was brainwashed or perhaps under some kind of spell.

He could feel Charlotte's magic mixing with Desmond's. However, there are no magic effects or abnormalities in the body. In fact, he even seems to be in better condition.

What in the world ....... although hesitant, he also uses <scan> on Charlotte. Even though Charlotte was the daughter of an old noble family and excelled in magical skills, she had been living in a peaceful cage and had no way of recognizing the skill of the old soldier, even Katherine can't detect it.

Randolph was able to get all the information with only a small drop of sweat.

There's a lot of Desmond's magic mixed in here, and the way it looks, the magic is being transferred between the two of them?

What in the world could cause such a phenomenon? even Randolph, the master of this craft, is not aware of what it is.

The old knight thought about it. What is this? And if he didn't know, why was he doing it? Is it Desmond's idea, or-?

The first thing that is certain is that Charlotte and Katherine both seem to be on board with this.

He knows Desmond's level of magic, it is impossible to brainwash the two of them or to do anything without being detected, he could use a potion or a magic tool but there's no way he can outwit his own eyes, which are also his guardians, and Desmond trust him.

In addition, no matter how much of a coward he is, the kind who runs away as soon as he sees a corpse on the battlefield, He was proud and pleased to be just a baron, he had no intention of climbing any further, even if he is the third son and regardless of the fact that he was weak, he is still a nobleman and a man.

I know that he is not the kind of man who would use such despicable tactics in the first place, as I have been watching over him since he was born.

If that is the case, then this situation must be the result of some kind of scheme by Charlotte or the Earl of Terrace. However, as I said earlier The scan showed nothing strange except that Charlotte's magic was mixed with him. There was no brainwashing, no poisons, no magic tools used.

[Anticurse], [Antidote], [Purification], [Cure]. ......

I tried them on Desmond, but he didn't seem to notice any change or response. I was tempted to just deal with her and ask but I held back.

Even though she is weaker than Randolph, she is incomparably stronger than Desmond, and it is unlikely that Katherine would leave any trace that would be discovered when using [scan].

If that's the case

'What have you done, my lord?'

As a loyal knight and butler, Randolph watched him as he ate his late breakfast, his expression stifling as if he had just been caught in an act.

Still, there were two things that needed to be confirmed.

Is this something that Desmond started? And whether or not Charlotte or, for that matter, is the Earl of Terrace involved.

'I wonder what the Master is planning something strange again?. Or is he not the one planning?'

That was the question.

'I can't possibly know the Master's thoughts. and that also applies to Madam as well.'

and that was Katherine's response. The old butler question was just a simple chit-chat between servants.

'I don't know, sir. I have no idea.'

But if she just answers like that some people may think of her and her like this.

So if even her servant is useless like this. her master would only be a fool.

As a maid who was chosen to accompany her, she should never let her master be underestimated by her response, in fact, it would be better if it were only to end at that.

Charlotte and the Earl of Terrace are up to no good. I'll have to look into this. I may need to ask Charlotte and Katherine directly, depending on the situation. ......

If the old butler Randolph, the "Grey Hound" was to make them an enemy, it would be impossible for the Earl of Terrace to sit still.

It can be said that Katherine's response was just barely enough to avoid the conflict.

It's implied that this was Desmond's doing, and neither Charlotte nor the Earl of Terrace was involved. And Randolph said...

'Hmm, I see. Then Master must have come up with something strange again. He's been doing strange things since he was a kid. That's how I have ended up following him here. Well, for an old man like me, there is no better place to spend the rest of his life than in a peaceful countryside town.'

As it sounds like the old man who was happy to see his grandson grow up, he understood the meaning behind Katherine's response.

In Desmond's mansion, where he doesn't exchange letters like a real nobleman, there would be an exchange of words that would make even a great nobleman pale in comparison.

And, most importantly, what's so scary is the meaning behind his sentences.

I am his personal guardian. And this is just the countryside, the help from Earl of Terrace will not be here anytime soon. Moreover, I am prepared to make this my final resting place.

Now, is there anything else that he needs to know?

"Whatever it is, it's called sexual art," Katherine interjected.

That was unavoidable. If Randolph were to do his own research and found his master and Charlotte are in the middle of an act, They wouldn't be able to talk to him directly again. Even though Katherine was not sexually aroused, she somehow knew that it would be embarrassing to be seen.

"He said he might be able to impregnate madam with it. He said he was not sure, but he was willing to give it a try."

"Ho. Sexual Arts......"

There was a look of pure curiosity in the old man's gray eyes. The look in his eyes was so friendly that an innocent child would have been tempted to tell him all about it.

I had a feeling that he was really interested in this, but it would be foolish to trust him.

"That could take all night, maybe more."

"Yes, that seems to be the case."

Hmm, Katherine doesn't seem to be lying.

The gray eyes thought.

Sexual Arts ......Indeed, Desmond was concerned about Lady Charlotte ....... If the infertile were to conceive, the Earl of Terrace would not be able to keep quiet, and the Damwead family would not be able to keep their peace... I'm not sure how credible that is, but I'm sure that Desmond...

"Randolph-sama"

"What is it, Miss?"

The old man replied nonchalantly. Contemplate, but didn't let it distract. it was a momentary thought, the thought process that had been trained in the extreme conditions of the battlefield which did not allow for any rest.

Katherine gave a slight look of hesitation.

Is it an act, or is it real? His gray eyes tried to see through it.

"I know that it is essential for you, the head butler Randolph to know what the master is doing. But as Charlotte's servant - no, as a woman, I would like you to stop asking me how or what they're doing"

There was no response from Randolph. his brain cells spinning fast.

"I accompanied her to her first treatment." There was no way she was going to say that she was in the closet to "chop" Desmond if they had to.

"I am astonished that such a technique exists. Madam was made to behave in such a way by the master's hands. It is a disgrace to be seen like that, as a noblewoman, as a woman, and as a human being."

".......that was surprising."

There was no indication that Katherine was lying. This made the old man realize that this was not a conspiracy or a scheme, but a matter of honor and pride.

And also..

Despite this, she still wants to have a child with him and trusts him.

Randolph was skilled enough, he would be able to investigate without the girls finding out, but he is a knight, no matter how much he pretends to be a butler.

Even if they don't know it, my own pride as a knight will not allow me to violate my honor. I'm a supervisor and a guardian, but before that, I can't afford to misbehave as a knight.

On top of that, Katherine said that Charlotte would be on Desmond's side if things continued as they were, and I wondered how much of a disadvantage it would be for my side if I went back on my word.

Hmm, well done. I'd like to give Desmond-sama a taste of his own medicine once in a while.

Perhaps - but definitely not, he would not hesitate to lick and swallow directly.

But then, rather than taking such a detour I think I-

The maid backed up the words of the old knight who thought so.

"I would be presumptuous to ask you to refrain from asking lady Charlotte, but if you ask Desmond-sama directly..... I believe that he can explain it to you more than we know."

Randolph could see that this was her true intention, even if it did contain a hint of calculation. The old gray man's smile deepened into a softer tone.

"Yes, you're right. That's what I will do. But are they in the middle of something right now?"

"Yes, that's why I've been kicked out like this."

Randolph shook his shoulders lightly. "So that's how madly in love Desmond-sama is with Charlotte-sam"

"Does Randolph-sama think that Desmond-sama is a weak man?

"No, no, no, I can't say such a thing to my lord. Besides, there is nothing better than having a good marriage with a good wife. If it becomes too much, we can warn him. If you are in need of advice, you can ask me. I have enough experience for my age."

"Yes, thank you. I would very much like to ask for your help at that time."

They give each other a quick bow and leave. A young maid and an old gray butler. They turn their backs and start moving in two different directions down the corridor.

Katherine ruminates on their words just now.

'We can warn him.'

In other words, Randolph will not intervene in a situation where Charlotte's honor is at stake, and in that case, it is okay for Katherine, who is on Charlotte's side, to warn Desmond.

This was a kind of authorization from Randolph, who knew from Katherine's words that Charlotte was going to side with Desmond.

It was an unexpected gain.

and also this

'If you are in need of advice, you can ask me.'

This is a condition of information sharing, or at least an exchange of a piece of information when I warn Desmond, this was a condition that could be beneficial to Katherine, or even Charlotte. Besides...

'I have been watching over him since he was born.'

Katherine was once again convinced of this. In the first place, it was unusual for Viscount Damwead's trusted man, such as the Grey Hounds, to come to act as a watchdog.

That's how outstanding he is.

The Earl of Terrace had once tried to recruit him, but he refused.

It's interesting. Besides, wouldn't it be more interesting to have a <Platinum Breaker> and a <Gray Hound> in the same force?

He's a scary guy. But the fact that he's the supervisor means that "Gray Hound" was interested in Desmond-sama. I'm sure he's an incredibly interesting man, but...

A few minutes ago, He let madam and I pulled up the skirt.

Why does he want to see my underwear?

In the morning, thanks to my interference, or the lack of, He should have been able to see Charlotte-sama's underwear to the fullest. In addition, while underwear is not something that should be shown on purpose, it's not like she's showing off her excrement. why was she so embarrassed?

I don't understand.

But even if I don't understand it, she was subjected to the sexual technique, exposed her lasciviousness, became intoxicated, and even seemed to desire Desmond more than having a child.

......She's going to end up being called crazy just like her sister.

There was no brainwashing. And no drugs. I had seen it with my own eyes. And yet, Charlotte, who had been subjected to the sexual arts, followed him happily and wanted to receive them herself.

What on earth is sexual art?

And is it really that pleasurable? ......

She gently brushed her own glossy lips and stroked her own vagina over her maid's uniform. Earlier, when she had shown Desmond her underwear, she had felt a little peckish. That was why she kept showing them to him even when Charlotte hid them. She wondered what this sensation was since she hadn't felt anything when Charlotte had done it to her.

Perhaps it would be better for me to ask Desmond-sama directly.

The first-class maid walked noiselessly down the hallway of the mansion.

Desmond, who is currently in the middle of a lovemaking session with his wife, has no idea that he has been set up a flag by a maid. and even more so when that maid also shared that flag with the old butler.

What is sexual art? Can you teach me as well?

When Grandpa Randolph, the <Gray Hound> asked him that, Desmond couldn't help but clench his ass, but that was a story for another time.

prevTOCnext

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko-if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ah yah ......ahhhh ......Desmond-sama, you can't ......yaaan......♡"

In the office of my mansion.

Normally, I, Baron Desmond Damwead, would be sitting here alone and looking grumpy all day, but today, there was a panting of a distressed woman.

The <soundproofing> spell is perfect. There was no way that my wife's sexy and unladylike voice could leak out of this room. it was Charlotte who cast the spell.

"I'm deeply hurt, and therefore I'm going to punish Charlotte."

When I said that, this lecherous and lovely twenty-nine year old wife of mine hurriedly cast the <soundproofing>.

I sat down on the couch and let Charlotte get on my lap.

I then wrap my hands from behind her and......

*sqeeze* *sqeeze* *boing* *boing* *sqeeze* *sqeeze*

I rub and squeeze, The bountiful fruits are getting lewdly hot even through the cloth. In addition, there is also a puffy spot that rises up that looks like it wants to be touched.

"Ahhhh........."

It's like she is trying to get me to touch her nipples.

But I don't. This is a punishment, after all.

I would never touch her. But when she wriggles her hips as she writhes lewdly and rubs her ample buttocks on my lap, it is as if I am the one who is being punished.

Aha, that feels good ....... You slutty twenty-nine year old!

I use my lips to bite down on her fragrant neck.

"Ahh! Oh, no, please don't lick, Desmond.......mmmmmmm ......"

I can't get enough of the way my wife's body twitches and bounces. The fragrant smell of her hair invaded my nostrils and made me want to put it into my mouth, not caring whether it was a punishment or not. I started to press my hips against her, the heat crawled more and more into my fingers as I squeezed her breasts.

"Ah, ah, a, ...... there's something big and hard against my butt. Desmond, you're aroused......."

"What nonsense are you talking about?"

I squeezed her nipples.

"Ahhhhhh ♡"

My wife leaped like a dolphin in my arms. But I, her husband, would not let her go.

I took my fingers off her nipples momentarily and squeezed them again.

"Mmmmmmmm ......"

Among her wavy platinum blonde hair, her reddish ears peeked out from between them.

"Phew"

"Hyah! no, no, not the ears.... fuuuu.."

I can't resist but lick it.

*Chu, chu, chu, chu, chu* I licked along the contours of her cute little ears, carefully flicking the rim and inserting my tongue into her ear canal.

My wife is in my arms, chirping in a lovely voice, her tits being squeezed and her ears being licked and drilled.

"Ahh, hiiiiinnnnn ....... Desmond, Desmond-sama is crawling into my head. ...... My brain is getting squishy ....... "

Well, I'm not some kind of an alien tentacle creature.

How dare you take the liberty of turning your husband into an extraterrestrial life-form? well, I'm from another world so she's not wrong I guess.

It seems that titty rubbing is not enough to punish such a bad wife.

I lower the right hand, which has been rubbing and kneading the bountiful flesh, to the line of her body.

"Ahhhhhh........."

She's insanely aroused.

Just listening to her makes me feel like I'm getting my brain squeezed.

I decided to whisper in her ear.

"Charlotte, where do you want me to touch you?"

I stroked her thighs through her skirt. The texture of the fabric was smooth and soft, If I push it in lightly, I can rub her thighs against the fabric. the feel of the firm flesh underneath was irresistible.

"Charlotte, are you feeling all mushy where you want me to touch you? Come on, say it. Tell me, and I will give you a good tickle there."

My hand stroked her thighs and slid inward a little, but I never let my fingers reach the alluring triangle. I continue to rub her tits with my left hand.

"Hmmm ......Desmond-sama is so mean ......."

"What's so mean about that? Charlotte was the one who said those horrible things to me first, wasn't she? I told you, this is a punishment, if I only did what Charlotte liked, it wouldn't be a punishment. *Flick, flick*"

I licked her ear and kissed her cheek.

"Haaahhh ...... this not a punishment ....... ahhhh ... this is rewards ... Desmond my dear......."

Damn, ugh ....... If she slithered on my back while screaming sweetly like that, I would be the one being punished instead of her, quietly, I unbuttoned the buttons on her blouse that I had buttoned in the morning, starting from the bottom to the top.

a little bit by bit.

plop, plop, plop

I start taking it off.

"a...ah" As my wife twisted around and meekly unbuttoned the buttons, I felt a thrill of pleasure rise in my back.

"You were supposed to take them off at night..."

all done! I bit her.

"Huh....n......" I stroked her smooth belly to hide my shamelessness, and her sweet, hot breath leaked out, which was a welcome sign.

I looked over her shoulder and saw the fruits covered by the bra that I had wrapped her in this morning. It's also white.

Perhaps this world doesn't care much about the color of underwear? Maybe so, Because it's not something you have to show others. I'll have to raid Charlotte's drawers tonight to find out.

Of course, I don't have any other ulterior motives at all.

It was just a scientific investigation to learn about the culture of another world.

"Where do you want me to touch you? Charlotte?"

I rubbed and stroked her belly with the intention of making her more conscious of her womb. Perhaps it was because Charlotte was already in heat, I could even feel the lewd heat from her womb on my palm.

"Ahhh ......Desmond-sama ... please ... my crotch, my pussy. I think I'm going to go crazy if you don't touch it ....... haan ......"

I'm the one who's going crazy.

"Wouldn't it make you crazier if I fuck you?"

"Ah, please don't say such thing ... huh! ... nuu ..."

When I finally touched her center, even though her skirt, Charlotte lightly thrust her hips out and leaned her back against me. When I rubbed her crotch, she let out a hot breath and squirmed, like a flower blooming.

"Charlotte's getting really hot here. I can feel it sizzling when I just push on it."

"Desmond-sama......please stop tormenting me....... I've already been punished enough......I've been groped like I've been roasted over a fire......my womb has been burning ever since I showed you my underwear earlier....... My womb was aching.......don't be mean to me......."

I can't help but be even meaner if you say that!

"Huh! ......♡"

When I pushed into her crack, Charlotte shivered and her body bent into a く shape.

"Charlotte, did you really just cum from that?"

"H...hi......."

I hugged her lightly sideways, and she shook her head with a bright red face.

What the hell is this devious creature?

"Charlotte........ *Chu*"

"Desmond-sama....... *Chu*, mmm......."

When I put my lips on hers, she quickly inserted her tongue into mine, as if she was trying to spoil me.

"Hmmm ...... nyaa ...... chu, chu ......, Desmond, please let me drink your saliva......."

"Oh, oh, ......."

*glub*

"ah, It's so good. It's delicious. My heart is pounding deep inside my chest and I can't stop it......"

If you're looking at me with your big emerald eyes droopily like that, I'm not going to be able to stop you.

"Charlotte, touch me too."

"Yes, Desmond's penis ....... Oh, it's so hard and hot ....... Hah ......."

She stroked me gently with a look of ecstasy.

"Desmond's hips are getting a little fidgety. ...... It feels good, doesn't it?"

"Oh, it feels so good. ......"

"Hmmm. You're so cute."

Ooh ...... you just made my butthole quiver .......

In addition, Charlotte's hands are so loving, and when she gently rubs the head of my crotch, I can no longer bear to leave her touch.

"Charlotte ...... Mama."

"Oh, my! Desmond has become my baby. Would you like to drink from my boobs?"

Absolutely!!

"Oh dear! Baby is not supposed to forcibly strip mommy underwear. You're such a naughty child."

"I am naughty because I am my naughty mommy's baby. Mommy's nipples are so plump."

What should have been a delicate peach-colored bud had swollen to the point where it looked like it was about to come off, and even her areola was erect. I rubbed and fondled the naughty sesame seeds on her areola.

"Mmm-hmm! baby doesn't do that kind of thing......"

"So you want me to suck it?"

I asked, stroking her seductively.

*Pinch*

I Pinch her nipple.

"Ahhhhhhh!"

Mom recoiled. She shook her big tits invitingly, arching back and raising them to my chin.

Charlotte, you're getting more and more sensitive.

Well then, Thank's for the food!

"Oh! That's no good! You can't suck on it now! Hiiiiii!"

*Humph, chomp, chomp*

When I put my lips on her, I was trying to be gentle rather than forceful, I let my tongue linger on her, and she responded in an entertaining way. I stick my tongue into her swollen nipples and suck on them.

My fingers sank into the soft flesh and grabbed on it as if I were squeezing it dry.

Mom purr and bounced her tits, clinging to the back of my head and howling in a nasty voice.

Sigh, oh man, what bliss ....... I can't stop, no, I don't want to stop. I just want to drown myself in Charlotte's tits. ......

I rubbed my face against Charlotte's tits, whose voice was howling, and of course, there were tits on both sides. I can't have just one, you know. I sucked both of them, making Charlotte feel like a real mother. No milk has come out of Charlotte's tits, but I'm so aroused that I'm about to shoot the milky liquid out of me.

I savored Charlotte mama's tits, which were moist and full, and when I let go of my lips, her nipples, which were as erect as the tips of my pinky fingers, were red and swollen with my saliva. Mama's lips were half-open, peeking out her erotic tongue, drooling, her eyes half white. Twitching and jerking.

I went too far!!!

But, but, Charlotte's mom's motherhood is too much .......

"Hey, are you okay, Charlotte? ...... I'm sorry......."

I wiped the drool off with my tongue and poured my saliva into her half-open lips.

"Mmmm ......"

She let out a sweet sound and twirled her tongue around it.

"Hah ...... that' s too much, Desmond-sama. Being a mother is not an easy work after all."

It must be hard for a father to make a mother out of such a resilient and slutty woman.

Charlotte stared at me, her emerald eyes growing more and more lustrous.

"Desmond-sama ...... I can't take it anymore. I don't care if it's a little crude. I want you more than anything."

"me too. I want Charlotte, too. I can't stand it......."

I quickly laid Charlotte down on the sofa and put my hand on my belt. Charlotte stared at my hand feverishly, with the expression of a dreamy maiden.

"Ah ... so hard. you look so magnificent ... dick-sama ..."

The more she admired the towering pillar of flesh, the harder and tougher it would become. The meat stick was in a perfect battle stance, the tip was reddish-black and swollen. with veins appearing so grotesque that even I thought it was a little too menacing.

"Oh, I have to take mine off, too ....... No, Desmond-sama will take this off......."

The mouth of my wife, who was supposed to be cute, now smile sloppily and lasciviously.

She had the look of a woman seeking a man.

Her nipples, erect and red from being sucked by me, stood out on the white mounds, and she spread her legs with her knees up, becoming not a maiden to be fucked, but a demoness who eats men.

I can't help it, my mouth starts to water.

"I heard that slut Charlotte wants me to take off her clothes for her."

"Don't you like it, Desmond-sama?"

"I like it. and I also like undressing while watching you undress." My feverish eyes and her feverish eyes intertwined with each other.

"Huh ......Desmond-sama is a pervert."

"Then what will become of the wife who wants to be fuck by this pervert?"

"That's mean, Desmond-sama, I guess it's that word you always said right? s-l-u-t ♡"

"Ha, you're right."

with that seductive look on her face. I wondered if I could make her ejaculate without inserting it.

"Then I'm going to put my dick in my slutty wife's slutty pussy......."

I was just about to say that when it occurred to me.

Come to think of it, I thought, I haven't taught her any lewd slang.

"Charlotte, what do you want, and where do you want it?"

I slipped my hips under her neat skirt and rubbed my hot, hard cock against her panty, which were still on.

Charlotte's underwear is already smeared with love juice. And It's insanely hot. ......

When I moved my hips and grinded it against her, she wiggled her hips and rubbed against me. Damn ...... that feels too good .......

"Mmmm ...... my pussy ...... I want Desmond-sama hard dick in my pussy ......."

Success! but...

"Charlotte, that's all well and good, but could you say something more about this penis? Something that would make me want to shove it in you."

"For example" I whispered, putting my lips to her ear and blowing into her ear, teasing her.

"Ah ...... that's such a weird thing to say, ......."

As if to provoke her, I spread her thighs apart with my hips and rub her.

"Hmmmm, please, I want, I want it, please"

"Then say it. What do you want from me, and where do you want it? You can use any other word than the one I gave you, but that one will make me so hard and aroused that I want to pierce you immediately.

"Ah, ahhh ...... yes, yes ......."

Come on, come on, hurry.

I leaned my body forward, kept my bare meat stick against the underwear under her skirt, and locked gazes with her emerald eyes and face, which were bright red up to her ears.

The hot, sweet breath of the female in heat no longer made me feel dizzy, but I was in lust.

Her lips, as pretty as a flower, began to sing an obscene song that lured males.

"P....please I want Desmond-sama's ...... thick, strong, hot, cum-spewing rod...... to my ...... horny, nasty, dripping ... slutty, bitchy meat hole.... I will be Desmond-sama's exclusive bitch. Even if I am unable to conceive, please pump your seed in me .... please love me ....... I love you, Desmond-sama ....... I want your cock, I want it in my cunt, please, please ..., De Desmond-sama ... I want your seed"

I let out a deep, hungry, beastly breath.

I can't hold back anymore.

It was a mistake to try to hold back or to try to rush things in the first place.

I pushed Charlotte's panty away with the tip of my flesh, which was no longer on the verge of exploding - the desire of the bitch, was transmitted to my raging seeding pole.

I slammed my cock into her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhhhh!"

I dove into Charlotte's depths in a single stroke. Immediately, numerous folds of flesh came to embrace me all at once. I was greeted with a hot embrace, overflowing with the juices of her hot feminine flesh, as if it was waiting for me.

The more I embrace Charlotte, the better it feels.

"Ahhhhhhh! Desmond, Desmond-sama ahhh! Your....your meat rod feel so good!"

Charlotte quickly wrapped her arms around my back and began to wriggle her hips. As the vaginal opening tightens around the base of the meat, the folds rub up against the flesh as if to return the favor.

"Ooh, ooh! That feels so good! Charlotte, your pussy is getting better and better! Ohhhh......." A sense of lewdness, a sense of pleasure, a sense of euphoria that makes me want to ejaculate immediately, and a sense of longing to stay connected linked together as one.

It was as if her vagina was really designed just for me. I tried my best to hold back the climax that was building up in me and rocked my hips. I'm going to use my seeding rod, as Charlotte calls it, to cultivate a field of her seed-bearing flesh.

"It.....It feels so good ......."

Lubricated by slick love juices, I began to swim around in a swamp of pleasure that made me feel like I was about to burst. Even though my face in this life is a blond-haired, blue-eyed man with a sweet, handsome face, I must have looked completely disheveled right now. But Charlotte is no different.

Her large, emerald eyes were so debauched that they looked as if they were about to burst into flames, her lips refused to close were screaming with pleasure, the white, porcelain skin was dyed cherry red up to the shoulders, the tip of the alluring fruit was erected, and her hips were twisting and turning as she bounced her hips. The scent of a female's fragrance overflowed and burst from her naked skin.

The sound of the sticky, disgusting liquid from beneath her skirt was making its way into my flesh. Even though our flesh was seeking each other in an intoxicated state of pleasure, we were both rocking our hips, our lusty eyes entwined as if we were melting into each other.

--Oh, no. If she stares at me with that kind of gaze while we mingle with each other like this...... I couldn't seem to stop my feelings from overflowing.

"Charlotte, I love you, I love you."

I brought my face close to hers and whispered when our noses were almost touching.

"Hah, haa, me too, Desmond-sama......"

I couldn't resist her sweet, debauched beauty, the distance between us is quickly reduced to zero.

"chuu, uuum rero , rero ..."

"Nn ... uum ... umu... ah ..."

Our tongues intertwine, our fingers lock, our hips rub against each other.

--But why?

As my feelings for her were swelling, I felt that her body was getting hotter.Is it because that mom-baby play earlier? It must have been rather strange and disgusting in the eyes of people in this world, but still, she was more than happy to accept such a strange play that might have violated her own trauma.

…………

Aah! Damn it!

What the hell is this embarrassment?

I've been fucking Charlotte ever since I regained my memories of my previous life, and I thought I was used to sex, but a different feeling swelled inside me.

"Chuu"

A bridge of saliva formed between us as our lips parted

Charlotte was smiling at me with her big emerald eyes, a happy look with a hint of embarrassment peeking through.

"Ku......."

I gritted my teeth unconsciously.

"What's wrong, Desmond-sama?"

She gives me a puzzled look. It's a deadly bullet that gouges out my heart.

"Aah! Damn it!

"Ahh!"

I wrapped Charlotte with my arms and lifted her up to face me.

--now we're in a face-to-face position.

The look on her face, her black (pupil) and white (sclera) eye (or is it white and blue, since she has emerald eyes? oh damn it all, I don't care anymore) Even though she is twenty-nine years old, one year older than me in this life, her face is very, very young and cute.

She is beautiful, of course.

On top of that, her beauty contains an abundance of cuteness.

Her emerald eyes are like jewels, and her white skin looks as if it is made of milk. Her lips are plump and moist, like a pretty flower swollen with sensuality.

I hugged her back tightly. She clung to me, letting out a squeal of delight as my manhood was buried deep inside her.

--haa, that feels good .......

I'm completely absorbed in her.

She moans when I nudge my hips, and she responds to me by wiggling her own hips as well.

"Huh, n...... is something wrong, Desmond-sama....... Aaah...... Desmond-sama's meat is bullying ...... my naugthy meat. Mmmm......!"

She was panting and I couldn't help but cover her lips with mine. I quickly inserted my tongue and intertwined it with hers. I bucked my hips and rubbed the sweetly pleasing flesh. I could feel her excitement as she cry in pleasure, and I couldn't stop myself from getting excited.

"Ah, my dear Desmond, what..... the way you hold me was.......difference?"

Charlotte was certainly puzzled, and carried a slight air of concern, but what most important was...

"Don't you like it?"

"No, no, no, I don't dislike it...... in fact, it's too tempting for me...... ahhh!"

Her wavy platinum blonde hair swayed with her panting. The sweet scent of Charlotte mixed with sweat. My heart starts to beat faster and faster, as I smell the scent of the woman in heat envelop me.

The thing hitting my glans must be her cervix. Rather than just me pushing it, it was also coming down to greet me. The pressure becomes a delightful current, driving me more and more crazy with lusciousness.

"ha, Charlotte, I feel so strange. I feel like I'm going crazy with love for Charlotte."

As soon as I said that, the tightness of the flirtatious flesh tightened, and I jerked as I held her close. But I held back the outburst. Her fingers wrapped around my back, clinging to me and grabing at my shirt, making me feel even closer to her.

"I want you too ...... but why......? It feels good, but more than that,......, hah,......, Desmond,......, I love you. I want you so badly....... I like you, I love you, I adore you. I'm longing for you. but I can't describe it in those words anymore......."

As the sweet, faintly trembling breath drew in, I kissed her. It was a deep kiss that made me melt as if we were lightly exploring each other and then inserting our tongues deeper and deeper into each other's mouths. The fluttering folds of the vagina were also pampered by the meat stick, crawling in, swelling, and going out with the overly luscious feelings, I couldn't stand it any longer.

"I want to impregnate you Charlotte."

"Please impregnate me, Desmond-sama ...... Hanh ......"

"But at the same time, I don't want to impregnate you. I don't want to give Charlotte to my child. She belongs to me."

"That's right....... Whether I get pregnant or not, I'm only Desmond-sama's woman ....... Mmmm......."

I seemed to have felt Charlotte's purring as she said it to myself.

The wave of desire finally seemed to increase in amplitude at the cute reaction.

"Charlotte, I want to use all the sexual techniques I've learned on you. It will be more extreme and lewd than ever before."

"...... yes ......."

"Then again, perhaps I don't have to go that far just to impregnate you, I suspect from the response I've gotten so far."

"............"

"So this may not be about impregnating you, it may just be about satisfying my desires. Would you still be okay with that ......?"

Simply put, I want her to be my sexual partner. However, this does not mean that I want to just mess around with her. Rather, it's the only way I can vent my ever-growing feelings for her.......

--If I could describe it any other way, I would say that this is just me trying to fulfill my own desires. here are other ways to do it if I just want to convey my feelings ...... But to be honest, I have no idea how to deal with women, I only have sexual desire and some erotic knowledge.

That's why I can only do this, I can only love Charlotte in an erotic way.

--I'm such an asshole.......

"Yes, that's alright."

"............."

Just as I was about to fall into self-loathing, I saw emerald eyes staring straight into mine. Even though her cheeks were tinged with shyness, there seemed to be a strong glow of will in her eyes.

"I now belong to Desmond, my body ...... and soul. So, please feel free to do as you wish......."

"Charlotte ....... Why?"

I couldn't help but ask.

I knew it was awful to ask such a question at a time like this. But I couldn't help but ask. Why does she love me so much?

"Why, you ask? it's because you love me, Desmond."

Her emerald eyes stared at me as if to say. What more reason do you need?

"Do you love me, Desmond-sama?"

"Yes, I do, I love you, and I love you more than I ever thought I could."

She clung to me and rubbed her cheek against my cheek, lovingly.

"Me too. So, isn't it wonderful?"

I felt as if I could hear the sound of her heartbeat, thump thump. The sound of her heartbeat shouldn't have been transmitted through her large chest, but somehow, it kept coming, and I felt like something was leaving me and transferring it to Charlotte at the same time.

I had no idea what this feeling was, but what she said made me believe.

"You're right."

"Yes, So--"

Charlotte put her lips to my ear.

"Please make me even more naughty."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ooh .......

*Thud* *Thumb* My heartbeat in a mesmerizing pulse. Then Charlotte continued to make even more bewitching noises in my ear.

"In return, I would also like to be allowed to do as I please with you, Desmond. I have learned from this morning's communion that a woman can make a man cum too. I would like to make Desmond a slut for myself."

Oh, ooh .......

A proposal like that from my beloved wife. There's no way I can resist.

"ah....... haaan ......"

I hugged her tightly and pressed my lips to hers.

"Of course I will. I'm going to make Charlotte so slutty, and she's going to make me as dirty as she wants me to be. And I'll tell you what you need to do, Together...." I rocked my hips and rubbed her tender meat with my meat stick.

"Hah, yes, ...... yes, ....... The two of us, together, ......, mmmm ......."

I want to make this best woman in the world purr with pleasure, and I want to bring out all the lasciviousness that only I can witness.

I firmly grabbed her tender buttocks and applied <Physical Enhancement> to myself.

"Charlotte, hold on tight. Hold me with your arms or your legs."

"Fue?"

My beloved wife makes a cute, surprised sound as I held her by the hips.

Grrr.

I stood up, gathering my strength in my legs and feet.

"Aaaaahhhh! Desmond-sama, Desmond-sama is stabbing me!!!"

I stand up - with a face-to-face with Charlotte while she's still connected to me. Charlotte gasped as the rod pierced her vagina and clung to me.

--Oh, the sense of domination is so great.

With a smirk on my cheeks, and a desire to unleash this pleasure, I shook my clinging wife's voluptuous body as I endured the intense thrill.

"Aahhh! No! No! No, no no! stop! Desmond-sama! Ah, my my entire body is being pieced by Desmond-sama huge meat spear! Aaah, whaaaaah!"

The lustrous sound played in my ear was simply too irresistible.

"Charlotte, just hold on to it. I'm going to take you to my chair like this. Damn ...... this tightness, I think I may be getting screwed more than you."

I took a step forward and Charlotte's body bounced with the vibration.

Even though she was twitching and spewing her lewd liquid, she was still struggling to hold on to me, choking and sobbing.

Our lewd footprints were scattered all over the place, and thanks to the <body-strengthening>, I was able to carry my beloved wife with ease, but Charlotte must have been a pretty light weight to begin with. *zun* *zun* I took her to the office desk in the <female meat armor> position.

*shake* *shake*

*tremble tremble*

And then, a wild wave of transcendence pleasure swelled through my entire body.

When I finally sat down on a chair and took a breath, my beloved wife was huffing and puffing, her shoulders rising and falling with ragged breathing.

"De, Desmond-shama ......, what have you ......, I, I, I, I........ I'm already full to the brim with Dedmon-ja...... hahii …… ♡"

While saying this, her eyes that stare at me are not focused, they almost look like they have a heart mark behind them. The corners of her mouth hang open.

"Still, it felt good, right?""

"Hahh....haaaah ...... Desmond-sama is a ...... bad person, isn't he? How can you play with me like this? ...... I'll pay you back."

"Ohh!"

Immediately, Charlotte began to shake my chair in a face-to-face position. She let out a raspy moan, wriggling and writhing, her hips twisting and turning, her face glistening with pleasure and lewdness.

Her platinum blonde hair swayed, and the sweat on the top of her nose was like jewels.

"Oh, Charlotte, you're getting so much better at moving your hips. Look how fast you've improved. Ohhhh ......"

She inserted her arms into my armpits as if to scoop me up, and then Charlotte bucked her hips even faster.

"Haah,......Desmond's face is so cute when he's feeling good,......, hah,ahhhhh! Desmond-sama, do you feel good? Hmmmmm!"

"Of course it feels good, you slut!"

I caught her wiggling hips and began to move my own hips, stirring her vagina. I need to improve the way I move my hips soon so that I don't lose to Charlotte.

--Well, I don't think I can match Charlotte's pace of learning -Still, it'll end up laid on my hips anyway, So I think it's all good!

I moved my hips around so that I could scrape and rub every last bit of it, making my private flesh hole even more accustomed to me as I rotated my hips and fucked the deepest part of it with my meat spear each time. Her voice is 100% sweet and 100% charming, her face is red and melted in the setting sun. It's a red face, and it wants me.

"Ahhh! aannn!! It feels good, Desmond-sama ahhhhh!"

Our joint was hidden under a skirt that I hadn't taken off. However, I can feel the shape of her vaginal cavity very clearly as she squirms and twists and clenches like a puppy. She even drooled with her ragged breath, and the emerald eye sockets that lewdly drooped even gave me the urge to lick them.

The bare, white, fragrantly sweet breasts dance and bounce, and on top of them are obscenely swollen pink plumps.......

"Charlotte, would you like to hold my hand?"

"Yes, Desmond-sama ♡"

When I intertwined her fingers and held them together in a lover's grip, I felt as if my arms became numb.

"Mmmm, kiss, I want to kiss you."

"Yeah, me too. Charlotte ......, chu, chu ......"

"Nuu, Eruu, Fyuu ..."

We started with our tongues. Then we pressed our lips against each other and devoured each other.

The chair creaked and shook as we swung our hips, and my crotch was soaked with Charlotte's overflowing slut water.

A woman's voice screaming with delight, a woman's fragrance mixed with sweat, and the sound of lewd water. The feeling of the tongue and genitals entwine and twist together.

I can't take it anymore. ......

I am completely in love ....... I want to be completely lost in Charlotte's body ....... I can't believe that I can indulge in so many indecent acts with my beloved wife at work......

I pulled Charlotte close to me.

"Ohhh, I feel so good, I'm so happy ....... I'm going to impregnate you, Charlotte."

"haaa, I'm sho happy to hear that, Dejumond-shama, ......, haan, ......, but ish it okay, ......? Mmmm, ishn't your baby is going to take me away?"

"Does Charlotte not care about me after she gets her baby?"

Then Charlotte shuddered and I moaned as her vaginal flesh writhed as she squeezed for my semen.

"No, of course not........ If I was thinking about Desmond-sama, I would leave him with nanny,......, and my breasts would only be available to Desmond-sama....... ...hmm...You can drink it all you want.......aah! It's getting bigger in me......It's already coming out isn't it, the seed that will impregnate me......."

"That's right!!" We unwrapped our fingers and embraced each other's backs.

"I'm about to cum. I'm about to impregnate Charlotte with my cum, my baby juice. Thank you, Charlotte, but you don't have to leave him with the nanny. If Charlotte is about to be taken, I'm just going to take her back. Like this--" I slam her cervix with the tip of my cock, and she sucked me into her right under her belly button.

"Haahn!! this is! this is so hard!! ngh, ngh!!"

Charlotte's fingers gripped my back. With that, I ejaculated deep inside her, in her womb.

The feeling of wanting each other, the feeling of coming as the deepest parts of our bodies mingle together.

The pulsating cannon of flesh was spewing out an enormous amount of cum, as if it were trying to fill her womb with nothing but white goo. The bliss of impregnating a beloved woman. And the extreme pleasure that she demands of me.

We hugged for a while, I feeling the joy of planting seeds and she feeling the bliss of being seeded, together we became one.

／/ / /

"Ahhhhhhhh! There! There!! poke me!! Please use your fleshly sword to pierce through my insides Dedmon-jama~~!!!"

Of course, I did, and I swung my hips from behind Charlotte.

My wife, who had her hands on the desk and her ass sticking out, waved her ample white buttocks in a lewd manner, tempting me, but also smacking my pelvis with her own buttocks.

*Pang, pang, pang.*

The sound of flesh, which should not be heard in the office, echoed, and the smooth white buttocks vibrated lewdly. I rubbed and kneaded her buttocks and spread it so that I could see her joint with my pillar of flesh as I pulled it in and out of her.

The pink hole on top of it, twitching and squeaking, was so very, very cute.

I couldn't help but poke it with my fingers and even play a little prank on it.

"Ahhh! No, it's the wrong hole! It's, dirty!"

"Yes, but there are also lewd techniques in sexual art that inserted here.

When I play with your anus, you will feel irresistible.

"Well, that kind of thing ..., no, no, yo...you can't...umm."

"Even as you say that Your cunt is getting tighter. Charlotte, I know you're interested."

I rubbed it with my fingers and a sweet chirp came from her. "Well, maybe next time.

"I'll leave it for another time."

"So you're going to do it again? ............"

Didn't you want me to make you a slut?"

I removed my finger from her lower hole and now crept my finger to her front hole. There was a squeal of delight, but I'm sure I wasn't mistaken when I saw that her lower hole looked sad.

I lightly plucked at her clitoris, which was now erect, and worked it as if I were plucking a bud.

Aah! Oh no! That's sho much!!! IYaaaan!!! It's driving me crazy. ......, Desmond's trying to break me. ......, Desmond-sama is trying to break me. Hes' making me more and more slutty......, hah! Please make me more lewd!

"Yes, of course. Let's do many, many more erotic things because I'm going to teach this erotic body of your a lot of things."

As I swung her hips more rhythmically, her platinum blonde wavy hair swung wildly, sweat dripping down her face.

*Pamp Pamp Pamp Pamp* ..., *Guchu guchu guchu guchu* ……

I felt a storm of pleasure from the sensations and sounds, and the honey pot spurted nectar again and again, and the folds of her flesh tightened and undulated to accommodate me.

"Oh! Oh! Here it comes again! Oh, Charlotte! I'm going to ejaculate inside your vagina, so catch it all!"

More and more of the seed was boiling hot in my testicles, screaming to be released into her womb!

"Ah! I'm sorry for keep you waiting! Dejumond-shama's baby milk! I'll take your milk and put it in my slutty womb! Oh, cock-sama's milk is going into my horny womb! Ahhhhhhhhhhh! "

"Ohhhhhh!"

thump, thump, thump. ......!

"Ahhhhhh......, it's crawling, it's crawling in......it's hot, it's sticky, it's slimy, it's thick......it's so thick.... my baby's seed....."

The deepest part of the vault, which is being inserted deep and ejaculated into. It converges and squeezes me, wanting more and more cum.

I lifted up my chin and grabbed Charlotte's huge ass and kept ejaculating with my hips pressed against her. There is no way that such a thing can be done in the regular office ......in the sacred workplace......and surely they'll get fired if they got found out.

I don't want anyone to find out and I ended up getting fired though.

We were both dripping with sweat, huffing, and puffing and letting out rough, lustful breaths as we continued to connect like animals.

I felt like I was forgetting something, but all we could think now was each other.

On the other side, the maid was acting like a guardian of the door in a near expressionless face, with her back facing it.

--Both Charlotte and master are too absorbed in each other to pay attention to anything else. At lunchtime, I will need to step in and - well, I guess I need to correct them.

That's what she's thinking.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A sunny, breezy day in early spring, my wife holding my hand and pulling up the hem of her skirt.

We left Desmond's estate in the afternoon, and I walked with my wife down a dirt road across the countryside.

"Hmmm, so this is what it feels like to walk unaided, I see."

She seemed to be enjoying herself, but that statement made me think that she was a genuine noblewoman. The wind gently caressed her wavy platinum blonde hair, and her large emerald eyes stared at me. "I've only been down this road in a carriage, I never thought that I would be walking with you, Desmond-sama. --Hmm." Charlotte, my beloved wife, squeezed me tightly our fingers intertwined. The soft, gentle touch of her fingers spread up my arm, and the happy smile on her face made my mouth tickle and smile. I hadn't even dreamed of it before I regained my memories of my previous life. If it was still a dream, I could have died from vomiting blood.

But with this sweetness, I could have vomited sugar and died instead...

My beloved wife was smiling happily with a youthful, fresh, and girlish face, not quite twenty-nine years old, if you ask me.

---- I'm so happy *koff!!!* ( vomit sugar )

However, it was a very rough, rural road.

I was worried about what people would think of the fact that the capital city of the territory governed by Charlotte's husband, a genuine noblewoman and second daughter of the venerable Earl of Terrace, was in such a state, but her happy appearance made me believe that my fears were unnecessary. In her neat blouse and skirt, she looked exactly like a young lady with a refined background who was visiting a summer resort. However, this is not a resort, but the main residence.

Along the side of the peaceful road, there are lush, growing green waist-high tea trees, ready for the coming harvest, and various fruit trees growing along the slopes. Here and there, you can see lovely houses that look like something out of a fairy tale. There are fields with various crops planted, chicken pens. Pigsties, cowsheds, and even goat-herding areas are a bit further out, due to the need for grazing and composting.

Although it may be a capital city with a lord's mansion, it's more like a small town, because it has more houses than a village, and it is nicely maintained - in fact, it is questionable if its development can even be called a town. If the capital is like this, you should be able to guess the state of the rest of the villages.

Nevertheless, I took the initiative and established a beautiful estate of my own. with its remote but elegant landscape. It was no exaggeration to say that I felt like a lord of Karuizawa in my previous life in Japan.

No one would believe me if I told them that this used to be a barren land with little more than a few fields and a few cattle. I can't believe it either, even though I did it myself.

And I never thought that I would be able to walk with Charlotte.

To be frank, the achievements I made before I was made a lord, like reforming the farmland or developing a new defense system, were not really the result of knowledge cheats from my previous life, but simply the ability to utilize the magic power as a lord noble.

It was only last week that I remembered that I was a reincarnated man, and what I had until then was just the barest of knowledge from my previous life. In addition, and I don't know much about agriculture or animal farming in the first place. So, honestly speaking, I feel like it's not that different.

For instance, I use magic to cultivate the soil here.

I put magic into the fertilizer and spread it on the fields.

Defensive mechanisms also use magic, even if they need to be replenished from time to time...

It was not that they were not aware of it, but rather that they had long been subjected to the idea of using the magic of the nobility for farming and agriculture, the activities of the common people, and that magic was something to be used in battle, to fight other humans or magical beasts. It was a retarded system that had been put in place even for commoners.

So, I didn't use any knowledge from my previous life - although I did notice some things because of my previous life knowledge - I simply added magic into it.

Of course, there was a higher-ranking noble lord who came to complain about the waste of the precious noble magic but they couldn't cut me into pieces and throw me away because of Oldman Randolph the <gray hound>. He had been doing a lot of work behind the scenes, he condemns weakness but he is a sensible person also, he is more interested in ethics and customs. that's the way I feel about my achievements, outside of farming.

And because of that, I was given the name <The Heretic of Damwead.>

Of course, that means that I have no friends. Well, some of the lower class nobles and the children of the second son and below like me did respond, but even then, we hardly interacted with each other...

--But that's okay! I have Charlotte now!

So that's the reason. I'm not very good at magic, to be honest, but with the help of the elements, it's not a problem.

Water (Make the land moist)Earth (Shovel and mix)Wind (To moderate moisture, dry out the soil, and add some air to the soil the roots can grow deeper into the ground)

In addition, Randolph the greyhound hunted down magical beasts and mixed them in rocks and plants that would be good for the soil ....... The old man said he would hunt and gather things that could be used as fertilizer. There is no way I can say no to that. But to be honest, I have no idea what kind of thing he buried (laughs).

--Oh, no, it's no laughing matter.

But after eight years, nothing bad has happened, so let's believe it's alright. First, I prepared the soil and cultivated the land, and then I let people plant the crops and other things that they like, and then I let them increase the number of livestock to make a territory just the way I want it. --This is like a territory management simulation game. but it's very real.

That's how I revived this territory.

Or rather, I created it, It had never been alive before as far as I could tell. Well, thanks to that, and the fact that the people of this land had seen me use magic, they were grateful and in awe of me, and treated me like their guardian deity.

But frankly speaking, their attitude was very good toward me.

Although I was sealed in here and married Charlotte eight years ago, I didn't actually call her out to live here until a year later, after I had settled down and built the mansion.

Aha, I can still remember Charlotte's look at that time. It was a small town that had just taken shape, and this is where the nobility lived? And when it was time to breed, Her eyes were like the eyes of a dead fish.

It was difficult to throw away the experience of being treated like that, but now it was no longer the case. --I was glad to be able to walk here with Charlotte.

"It was a pleasant place to be, wasn't it?"

My beloved wife's emerald eyes sparkled, and when she took a deep breath, her white, neat blouse lifted up and down on her ample chest.

"--Of course I'm fascinated."

The way she lifted her skirt was graceful and elegant, as if she was dancing the waltz.

She appeared like a fairy under the sunlight, and I even wondered how such a woman could have become my wife.

"What's wrong? Desmond-sama?"

"No, I'm just happy that my beloved wife can finally see the lands I've prepared for her."

"Desmond-sama ......."

Charlotte immediately looked apologetic.

I know what she means. After all, she hadn't made a single tour of my estate in all the years she'd been here. Even when she went out, she was in the carriage, and there was no way she looked out the window.

I quickly pulled her hand away and put my mouth on the back of her hand.

"Ahh" Her face was bright red.

--She was so cute and adorable.

"I know I shouldn't have left you alone, either. There's no need to worry about it. But now that you're out here holding my hand, I'll show you every inch of my territory."

Then I lightly pressed my lips to her ear.

"Just as you showed me every inch of your body."

Oh no!

Why did I do this in such a place!.... no. I need to be more mindful of my decision in the future.

Charlotte was blushing, and her eyes and mouth were relaxed.

"....." This was a surprise and a great success, but it was not a good idea to get her in heat here.

"Madam, please control yourself. You have a face that should not be seen outside. It is a very disgusting look."

"No, I don't have that kind of face."

good job Katherine. --Yes, we're not alone - a maid has come with us.

Despite how much magic we can use and how well we can protect ourselves, we are still nobles. It would be rather strange if we didn't have a bodyguard and a caretaker with us.

That's why it's strange that I usually go out without a companion.

'A man of noble birth should be able to handle any danger that may arise in his territory.'

Randolph's grandpa wouldn't even allow me to has an escort, let alone escort me. -----Spartans!!

In comparison, what a bunch of girls they are. The wife blushed and denied it, and the maid was calm. There's the subtle and exquisite scent of lilies in it

--how lovely.

"Of course, master, you also have to behave yourself."

And as I was sending her a thumbs-up, Katherine turned her cool, beautiful, narrow eyes on me and admonished me as well. She's not slacking in her work.

I chuckled, but I was still relieved to see the refreshing exchange.

"You were staring at madam's breasts just now, and I foolishly think that you should be careful about that too."

""Huh?"" Charlotte, now with the look of a maiden instead of a woman, turned red and hurriedly held her own breasts.

*Munyon*

It changes its shape seductively.

There's no man that can control himself in this sight!

"Oh, oh, that's right ..." I was tempted to scream it out loud, but I just looked away.

"He can't help it, Katherine,......," said the beloved wife, blushing with embarrassment, "Because.......Desmond likes big breasts........."

Whoo!?-- wait! Wait, wait, wait! My beloved wife Charlotte, why did you start attacking your husband?

It was a good thing that Katherine kept her face almost expressionless, but if it had been a maid who clearly showed her face, whether I was her master or not, she would have looked at me like I was a pig in a pig farm.

--but I'm sure I'll addicted to it.

Katherine silently stared at me with narrowed eyes.

The maid's breasts were smaller than Charlotte's, and the beads of sweat on my temples suddenly turn very, very cold, even though it was a pleasant spring afternoon.

The cool-looking, red-haired maid, whose actual thoughts were hard to read, suddenly asked

"Are you fond of big breasts, Desmond-sama?"

--Oh, no!

"I won't deny it," I said, my eyes telling me not to pursue the matter any further.

I don't dare.

Do you like Madam's breasts because of her or because of its size? For example, my breasts are much too out of the league to compare to madam, but even with these breasts, do you like them? Desmond-sama?

"Yeah, that's ......." The maid's words left me breathless, and I looked to my beloved wife, Charlotte, for help. Surely she would be able to tell her, such as....

'Katherine, I think you're troubling Desmonds-sama, he is interested in my breasts and That's good enough for me.'

"I want to know... too."

《Charlotte turned to support Katherine. Charlotte uses speech. Katherine's strength increses.》

"Desmond-sama is very, very fond of my breasts, and he sucks on them all the time." Even if Charlotte's face is blushing as she says it, even if she's cute as usual, but it's not the kind of thing you want to say on an early spring day, under a sunny, breezy, blue sky.

And the wife did not withdraw

"Is it because you like my breasts, or because you like me? Or do you like large breasts? Or maybe you like small breasts too? --Please tell me, Desmond-sama"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oh, what?

What kind of quiz show is this? And I have a strong feeling that the prize, if not the money, is my right to live. There was no withdrawing, and if I were to use an audience to ask for their answers (although there were no viewers or even witnesses here at the moment), it'll be something like this.

"Die."

"Explode."

"I will charge you for unintentional damages you did to my heart."

"Drown in tits and die."

I'm sure I'll get a lot of warm comments.

I prepared myself, gulped, blinked my eyes, sweat ran down my palms, clenched and opened my fists, took a deep breath, and blinked my eyes again (I know I'm not going to make it.).

"Charlotte's tits......."

Buzz~~！

--she said.

It was so piercing that I thought a knife had rained on me. The good news is that nothing horrible has happened, such as the light disappearing from Charlotte's emerald eyes.

"I believe Desmond-sama is lying. I can tell it somehow. Don't worry about me, you can just express your true desires."

I'm not sure if it's a blessing or a curse, but I'm a quite lucky guy. and I'm sure my face is all sweaty right now. as I think that, If she licked me on the cheek and say something like.

'It tastes like you're lying, you know that?'

I bet I would have fallen in love with her all over again if she say something like that to me.

"Well, you know ..... I'm glad you're thinking of me, but ......" It is enough for me to fall in love with her just for that sentence, her cheeks cherry red and she cowers her shoulders. --I'm dying. This twenty-nine year old is killing me.

"Please do not suppress your feelings, Desmond-sama. If you were to tell me that my breasts are too big for you, or that you prefer my breasts than me, I would certainly be sad, but I will accept it. Because Desmond-sama is still Desmond-sama."

She looks worried, but she still believes in me.

She looked at me with her emerald eyes, looking adorable. My chest was heaving, I was so loved that I thought my heart had started pumping out sugar instead of blood. (That would make me diabetic, not lovesick.) I thought that I would treasure this girl forever. But at the same time, if I betrayed this girl, I would be in big trouble. (Although I have no intention of betraying her,) I am still a coward in that sense.

"So, Desmond-sama, what's your real answer?"

Hey! this rude maid! Do you ask for my last words? Don't try to send your master to the underworld by saying something like that! You should be concerned that you may have said something a little out of line.

"So what do you think, Desmond-sama?"

But the maid and the wife came together to ask about it.

--About the tits!

I was sweating inside, but there was no excuse for this situation...

"I like Charlotte. I like her breasts. I like big breasts. But I also like small breasts. There is no right or wrong in breasts."

"Oh, my."

The wife's eyes and mouth were round, so cute.

The wife put her hand on her cheek and her cheek was dyed red in an innocent way [the young lady posture]. There's not a hint of disdain in there. Am I saved?

I love boobs, but I love Charlotte even more.

That might have been a rather witty answer, but, But unfortunately, I didn't know how to which extent I liked boobs, and I didn't think they could be placed on the scale, so I decided to answer that way.

But what was this feeling in my chest when I had answered honestly and it turned out correct? I felt a sense of exhilaration at having exposed my heart, but I also felt that something that I never should have was also slipping away. Ah, perhaps this is the feeling of escaping death...

Looking up at the sky, the sky is blue. The clouds drifting, they appeared to be completely unaware of me looking at them. The clouds don't think anything. I only feel sadness. The clouds have no thoughts, and neither do the boobs themselves.

The fact that I feel clouds to be white and boobs to be precious are all just the "color" of my mind as I think of them. Some people feel that big breasts are better than small breasts, and some people feel that small breasts are better than big breasts. But if the udder swells, it will eventually become big breasts. and big breasts will eventually sag.

Or would the laws be different in this world with magic, and without Eros? The pain of exposing one's kink is something that will never change. And if I'm not careful, that sadness may turn into the joy of being exposed .......ha - all forms are impermanence, form is emptiness, emptiness is form.

I realized, even though I didn't know what I was getting at, I put my left hand on my own, man's flat chest, as if to offer my heart, and looked up at the blue sky, and a drop of tear slipped down on my cheek.......

"Oh, well, in that case, would you like to touch mine?"

Whoosh!

And a drop of my tear retracted.

"What?" Maid? this maid?

Seriously? I'd love to touch you if you'd let me, but ......

"Desmond-sama, you look like you want to touch her."

Sharlotte!? (I was so panicked that a different name came out.)

"No, it's not......."

my words are slurring!

"please don't suppress your own desires like that." She began to lecture me. "Desmond-sama is a nobleman and a lord. You should be able to do whatever you want. It is true that Katherine is my maid, but if Desmond-sama wants to do something to her, I will order her to let herself be touched."

eeeeeeehhh!?

I barely suppressed the strange sound that was about to come out of my mouth. It was true that she was right but that's mean...

( some part of this was written in English (kidda) )

『ＹＯー、ＹＯー、ＹＯー、checkitout!

I'm a noble, you're a maid, I gonna touch your tits, ＹＯー！

Your master agrees, your master my wife, the wife of a nobleman, and as a maid, you can't say ＮＯー!

Otherworld aristocratic ideology ＪＹＯーＴＯー I'm a chicken, but I'll use it. ＹＯＵ ＫＮＯＷー?

ＪＹＯー、ＴＯー、ＹＯＵ ＫＮＯＷー?

You ＹＵーＳＹＵー, excellent maid, offer up your tits, ＪＹＯーＫＯー！』

That's what I thought.

I tried to decrease the tension by rapping, which I was not used to and had never done it before (And they might think I'm making fun of them and punch me in the face.), but I was still a scared little coward and felt as if I was being shown a surreal, dark, dark side of aristocratic society. I could not help but be puzzled.

Aha, the sky is so blue ......, the spring breeze is gentle and soft ......, then why human society is like this ......

".............cough" At the very least, I need to set the dignity of being a nobleman and a lord straight.

"Charlotte, I'm not going to use my power to get someone to listen to me like that. and even if you might think of me rubbing another woman's breasts is okay....... There's also a matter of Katherine's feeling......"

" "That's not a problem." "

"........" the wife and the maid are in perfect synch. They have been together since they were children. Even though they don't look alike, they are like two sisters who are very close to each other.

But how can they both be so in tune with each other about their master or husband? In addition, the two of them together asked if I could rub their sister's breasts. ......

I don't know what kind of face I should make in this situation. Even if you told me to smile, I can't......

As for Katherine, she kept peeking at the wife naked appearance many times.

The morning hustle continued until she came to stop us. Gradually, we started to get used to it, which I think is a dangerous sign.

--Katherine was probably wondering what it would be like to feel the sexual art with us. I'm was going to decline that her tits are too small to be compared to Charlotte's, but now that I've said that there's no such thing as best tits, how can I say that? I'm not afraid to play with her small tits as much as I want and teach her body to take pleasure.

Of course, I love Charlotte. And she is the best. But still, a man is a man of the mind and the body - or the lower half of the body, and love and sexual desire are not the same things...... Charlotte has also said that she wants me to touch.

What should I do?

But does Charlotte really think nothing of it?

"Why do you think of me if you just going to rub Katherine's breasts, Desmond-sama?"

I'm being stared straight in the face with clear emerald eyes.

While Charlotte seems to be developing a libido, She seems to be unaware that sexual attraction may cause a man to fall for another woman. Not that I'm going to fall for another woman.

--Hmm.

Even though there is no eros or sexual desire in this world, of course, there is the desire to have ownership, possessiveness, jealousy, and so on. Or maybe it is that we are made to learn about sexual desire, but sexual desire is not connected to those feelings? --Hmmm, I don't get it.

I don't want to make Charlotte sad by saying, "Yay, titty groping!"

I don't want to break Charlotte's heart by doing this, and I don't want to break the friendship between these two good sisters, or the lily garden, with my stupid desires.

Yuri, you know, should be protected, pure, serene, lush, peaceful, and......

--I don't even know what the hell I'm thinking about.

Before I could do anything else, if things got too complicated and I got burned to death by the fireball again, I couldn't even think about it anymore.

"Madam"

Katherine interrupted.

"I'm sure the master is wondering if Madam will feel uncomfortable or jealous if the Madam sees him rubbing my breasts."

Ooh, that's a smart maid for you. even if I'm not a big fan of that, I'll take advantage of it.

"You're right. I don't want to hurt Charlotte."

"Desmond-sama♡"

Mmmmmm, it's good to see my own wife's eyes watering with emotion.

"It's all right, Desmond-sama, I don't blame you for doing what you want to do."

Oh, my beloved wife, Charlotte is so good to her husband is almost crushed by guilt. --Unh, really. Those sparkling emerald eyes, they were too dazzling. My sense of guilt skyrocketed.

"Really? If you see master rubs my breasts and gets obsessed with them? Judging from what he said earlier, I suspect that he will be very enthusiastic about rubbing my breasts."

This maid, the way she pushes everything to the limit is amazing. What's so ballsy about it is that she says that while turning to me! Charlotte's emerald eyes wandered through the air, and she could probably picture the situation in her mind.

And with a sad look in her eyes, she said, ......

"If so, do you still love me, Desmond?"

"Of course!"

"Hyawa"

I couldn't help but overexert myself. But this forcefulness was rather suspicious. Besides, she seemed to be sure that I would be rubbing maid tits like crazy. It was kinda awkward.

Charlotte's surprised voice was so cute that I wanted to play it on a loop over and over again, and if I did, I would surely get addicted to it.

--Look! look at that maid's narrow eyes, look!

It's hard to tell if it's my imagination or not because her expression is exactly the same, but it looks like an insanely suspicious eye. That nearly expressionless, unreadable emotion is too scary!

And how can any man not want to distort the expressionless beauty maid to fall into pleasure?

Or, even if I can't distort her, I would rather have her look down at me coolly with her face just as if to say, "You suck at this." I think that would be a very tempting thing to do -- and I'm sure there's a lot of demand for it.

--I'll leave it at that.

"Then, why don't you give it a try and see how it goes?"

Look, this fellow's expression doesn't change even when she says this.

It's beyond surreal, it's terrifying. --But...

"Does Katherine really want me to squeeze her breasts that badly?"

take this! It's payback time.

If you can answer "yes," You'll be seen as a slut and bully you and--.......

"Yes."

"..."

And the maid carried on gracefully and calmly with no change in expression.

"When madam rubbed me before, I didn't feel anything. But in the morning, when master looked at my underwear. I felt a little itchy. If you can rub it for me, then I will be able to understand what it is like to feel, what it is like to have a sexual desire. I was hoping to be able to experience that, even for a little.

Please, master, will you rub my breasts for me? I want you to try it and see if I can feel anything. If you do not want to rub the breasts of a lowly maid, then I will withdraw quietly."

She bowed her head.

"------"

What's with all the pushing! If I don't touch her now, I'm not just a little coward anymore, I'll be seen as a demon! Why should I feel so uncomfortable in what should be a very pleasing situation where a beautiful woman is asking me to squeeze her breasts?

The practice of boobs massaging should be free and shouldn't be forced upon like this! I mean, I mean! Plus, if I glance at Charlotte...

'Please, please give her a squeeze. I believe in you. I believe that you love me, Desmond, even though you are rubbing another woman's body.......'

The way she looked at me. It was as if she begged me to let Katherine join and play with us too!

Oh no, my jaw nearly snapped open, ＣＯＯＬ、ＣＯＯＬ I am a nobleman. But why do they want me to rub her tits? What is it that has quickly turned a joyful and shameful act into something close to torture? But then again, I don't really have a choice anymore.......

"All right. I'll give you a squeeze. And be assured Charlotte. Even if I get carried away rubbing Katherine's breasts, it's Charlotte I love the most."

I squeezed her hand back into a lover's grip, intertwined fingers, and put a lot of effort into making her believe me.

"Desmond-sama......"

Thank goodness she didn't say, "You're lying!"

I could feel the strength of my wife's slender fingers as she grasped me back, and Katherine went within my reach, her small breasts pushing up her maid's dress as she held it out to me.

So what? Really, what the hell is this situation ......?

The sky is so blue and the spring weather is soothing with a pleasant breeze, I give up and reach for the maid's chest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*rub* *rub*

*sqeeze* *sqeeze*

"............"

"............"

"---- (squeezes)"

*rub* *rub*

--What should I do?

I'm rubbing her tits, but I can't ...... This maid is not responding at all. Can you believe it? while getting squeezed like this.

Even though her breasts are being squeezed, she doesn't feel anything (no shame, no disgust, no pleasure, no joy) and continues to have her breasts squeezed with almost no expression on her face.

In the early spring, the blue sky and the comfortable breeze made my unpleasant sweat overflowed and made me shiver. In addition, the other hand, which is still being held by my wife, is also becoming sweaty. ......

"Um ...... do you feel it?"

"............ a little? I think so."

"............ (squirm)"

"---- (squeezes)" Charlotte squeezes my hand.

I don't remember when squeezing boobs was such a nerve-wracking thing to do: ......? Sure, the feeling that I am rubbing boobs now is boobs (how can that not be boobs?). It is impossible to have padding at this size, underneath the maid's uniform and the bra underneath, there are real, breasts. the feeling is real but....

" "............" "

"---- (squeezes)" Charlotte continues to squeeze my hand.

I'm not sure how long this is going to last,......, but if I keep rubbing them with this kind of pace, no matter how much I like tits, I might end up hating them. If you're a fan of tits, you'll want to try everything from rubbing them naked, licking and sucking on the nipples. But we were outdoors, there was no way we could do that. If that's the case, I'd rather go home and.....

Oh, what a disaster.

I was supposed to be rubbing the maid's breasts, happily and shamelessly, but instead of saying, "Time stops," and "Breasts are wonderful," I was thinking, "Time please continue" and "Please don't traumatize me with your breasts."

" "………………（rub rub）" " "---- (squeezes)"

" "................" "

--Somebody! Save me from this silence!

My prayers seemed to be answered by the heavens.

"um, Desmond-sama."

"Whoa?"

I barely managed to swallow the sound of my voice that had almost reached my throat. And reflexively, the hand that had been squeezing Katherine's tits was withdrawn. Sure, sure, I wanted someone to help me. But I didn't expect it to be a citizen of my domain.

Now, have you been watching ......? Even though you're watching me, you got a lot of time on your hands (?). I'm sure you took it as a play on the aristocrat's eccentricities, but, in this world without lust, it's not like there's anything to be afraid of. If I rub her breasts in broad daylight, people will think I'm doing something strange, but they won't think I'm doing something disgusting. --I'm sure

As soon as I was done, she stepped and approached me, the nobleman, lord and protector of the land, without any hesitation.

--I was a little relieved. and hurriedly adjusted my lordship dignity.

and so the maid...

Hoho.

I couldn't help but notice that she breathed heavily with the movement of her shoulders.

However, there was no sign of fear in her as she approached me. But that was normal. If I go out on my own like this, inspecting the territory, being friendly (but maintaining a minimum of dignity, I'm sure), and getting to know the people, I'm sure I'll be able to make a good impression on them.

"Would you like some of the strawberries I picked today?"

"Yes, thank you."

*swoosh*

The strawberry was thrown at me, and I caught it.

It's a disrespect to the nobleman and the lord ...... (among others), but as long as they don't throw it hard, as if to insult, or throw it like a tomato festival, Desmond, a lord with a big heart, will not blame them. We were respectful to each other, and I was happy to see that this was the result of our daily interaction.

"So It is already that time of year. Being able to eat Maia's strawberries again this year makes being a lord worthwhile."

When I said that, she giggled and broke into a smile.

It was the face of a tanned, healthy farm woman. She was a good-looking woman with a brave feel. Her flaxen hair was tied into a braid, and her bright eyes bathed in the sun's rays.

She was about the same age as me, with broad shoulders, probably due to her daily hard work, and according to what she had shown me before, she had strong arms under her long-sleeved shirt.

--very nice.

Her breasts and buttocks are full, and she walks with the big thighs under her pants. She's a good match for Charlotte, but compared to my wife, with her slender limbs and mesmerizing fruit, she is truly a fantasy. She is a noble who can use magic after all.

Maia was carrying a basket of strawberries under her arm.

The strawberries were large and shiny in the sunlight, just like the ones she had thrown at me earlier - a ruby of the field, as they say.

"Hmm? It's very unusual to see you with someone, Desmond-sama."

She noticed Charlotte and Katherine. Then, her eyes immediately became wide and began to sparkle. She originally had a smooth and pleasant voice, but now her tone had become higher. "Wow ...... so beautiful ...... like a princess. There's also a maid ...... that reminded me that Desmond-sama really is a noble."

I'm sorry, I'm always alone. And that's disrespectful to the lord.

--I'd like to think that she's respectful enough ...... because she's more open and easy-going when she talks to the other residents.

"Desmond-sama, would you like to come and eat strawberries? I'll make you some tea."

"Yeah, I'd like that."

Don't underestimate the importance of commoner's tea. It's quite delicious.

I'm sure that the tea in my mansion is the same one that is made around here. Charlotte has been drinking it, so there should be no problem. ......

However, when I glanced at Charlotte, she looked at me.

Oh, my!!

I'm sorry,

Her emerald eyes were like a mirror that reflected the other person, but did not allow them to see inside. And even though Maia was taller, she kept her chin tucked and never looked up at her, but rather look down.

She is a noble lady who is not to speak or look up to commoners.

She saw Maia as a commoner, so she was definitely putting up an noble air. In addition, there was a vague feeling like.

' This commoner is disrespectful to Desmond-sama. But Desmond-sama doesn't seem to punish her. ...... --In the first place, Katherine reported to me that even though Desmond-sama was a noble, he had a close relationship with the people of his domain. Then if I were accused of something, it would be me who would be punished by Desmond-sama...... --Ha! No, no, I want to be punished for it, that kind of thig is... But Desmond-sama seems to like me as a slut....... '

--What? !

Wait, wait, wait, wait! How am I reading her mind so well? I'm sure that Charlotte can guess what I'm thinking as well......, I love slutty Charlotte, and if she wants to chastise and misbehave so badly, I'm willing to punish her for it, even if she's innocent. It is not that I am reluctant to do so, but rather I would like to.

"Charlotte."

"Yes."

When I called her, Charlotte obeyed me like a beautiful doll. She was so obedient that it reminded me of the bad custom of aristocratic society, which says that aristocratic women are nothing but tools to bear children.

Charlotte has been disciplined as a noblewoman.

And then there's the real Charlotte that she shows to me and Katherine.

I don't deny that Charlotte is trying to be a noblewoman, because she is herself in both cases. And for the pleasure of dyeing such a noblewoman to my colors, I also want her to remain in the noblewoman mode.

But even so, as the wife of Desmond Damwead, who is known as the "Damwead Heretic" and who has deepened friendships with the people of the Aldra estate as fellow human beings, despite the differences in their status, I think it is not right to look down on the commoners.

I put my lips close to Charlotte's ear and whispered to her.

"Charlotte, it's fine to be a noble. But you can't use it to look down on the commoners. I know very well what it means to be educated as a noble, even though I am the third son. However, I think. As a lord, I think you should be more tolerant of the commoners."

Charlotte was quietly listening to my words. She had been educated as an noble, had been married off to someone like me who was sealed off for political reasons because she couldn't bear children, and had been denied her own identity.

'Whether you're a noble or a commoner, you're still a person.'

She has been denied who she is because she is an honorable noble, even though I said such a noble thing. There is no such foolish and convenient way to cancel it out with a double negative. That's why I'm going to say this.

"It is precisely because we are a noble that we can tolerate commoners and offer our hand to the weak. Isn't that the real reason why nobles are nobles?"

I don't like to say this because it's so very, very presumptuous, patronizing, and downright hypocritical of me.

"Just like I couldn't resist but helping Charlotte."

She reacted. Well, I can get through with this"No," I reminded myself...

"It would be disrespectful to Charlotte if I put it that way. Charlotte is not a weak woman, and I didn't reach out my hand to help Charlotte. I just wanted you."

I could feel her twitching and shaking. It made my nose rise.

"I apologize for the metaphor. It's one thing to tolerate commoners and give a hand to the weak, it's another to want a woman you like."

--I'm sorry. I'm not a very good speaker. so I can't say it very well, but what I'm trying to say is that you should maintain the dignity of a nobleman, but change your attitude of disdain for the common people.

--I think I'm back to normal after all.

Hmmm, I can't seem to get it right. I have a feeling that the current Charlotte will listen to me even if I tell her what I want straight away, but I don't want to force her.

I'm trying to convince Charlotte that she's right and not deny her, but I'm afraid that I'm going in circles to tell her what I want.

I'm not really good at persuasion, you know.......

I was really glad that I didn't have to deal with the gut-wrenching, aristocratic social scene.

--Charlotte's persuasion was a failure.

So, being the coward that I am, I try to make it up to her so she doesn't hate me.

"That's what I think, but Charlotte will have her own ideas. So, my words are only one opinion, and - well, you can listen to them if you want. I'm sorry. I took up too much of your time. These strawberries are delicious, and so is the tea she makes. I've always wanted to taste it with you, by all means, but if you don't want to, you can go....."

*grip*

And then, the fingers that were still in a lover's knot, tightened.

She looked up at me, her emerald eyes moist with embarrassment. And then, in a muffled little voice, she said.

"That's not fair, if you say so, how can I refuse? I will accompany you wherever you go."

*cough*

Oh, no! Dangerous, Watch out!! If it weren't for the exquisite coughing of the maid, I would have embraced her and laid my lips on hers.

Thanks to her, I was able to save my face as a lord.

but-

What a waste...

Although we will be hugging and kissing and slapping and banging again tonight, it's hard to leave out this kind of casual flirting.

Charlotte's cheeks were stained like strawberries, and she looked a little unhappy.

--Unh, so pretty.

"Furthermore, I will try to interact with the commoners, as Desmond said, though it may take some time."

"Charlotte......"

And then she said, a little mischievously and lasciviously. "After all, I am the wife of the 'unusual' Desmond."

Fufufu, I would like to inquire about what constitutes "unusual". But at any rate, it was still unclear how my disappointing persuasion affected her, but if she softened her attitude, all the better.

Well, well, well, good for me.

"The two are so close, aren't you? Is she by any chance the rumored wife? You both have been living in your personal world quite for a long time."

Oh!

I could barely contain myself from screaming. Maia was looking at me smiling. I tried to be as dignified as I could.

"Oh, yes. This is my dear wife, Charlotte. Charlotte, this is Maia, our farmer, who also supplies our estate with fruits and vegetables."

"My name is Maia. Nice to meet you, wife sama."

Charlotte bobbed a light bow to the commoner as she said this.

good, good. You're making crazy progress, aren't you? That's my wife.

It was said before that who was involved in the affection of men and women was a weak person. that was only between aristocrats. Among commoners, they're not considered weak. In fact, they are preferred for their good marital relations, although it is still a mystery that the term "affection" does not include any sexual desire.

I don't know what the boundary between love desire and sexual desire is, but even if I were to be reincarnated into this world, and even if I were to recall and compare my memories of my previous life after living in this world for twenty-eight years, there is no way I could clearly distinguish them.

In this world, there is no sexual desire, so even though it looks like it, it doesn't fall into the sexual or erotic category because there is no sexual desire - well, in this other world, there is no choice but to accept it.

But Charlotte is definitely starting to learn sexual desire under my influence, though, isn't she?

I feel like I'm an uncle teaching an innocent girl all kinds of naughty things, and it's making me horny and nervous all the time. And then I grabbed her fingers, which were still intertwined, and fondled them.

"I knew it!" Maia shouted. "Both Desmond-sama and the wife have been holding each other's hands since a while ago."

...........

Oh, no! I've been holding it for so long!

Even though we are in front of people, it was so natural that I forgot about it.

' You are like an air, you're always needed, I can't live without you.'

' Honey! '

That's what I thought in my mind. I bit into a strawberry to hide my embarrassment, but it was still sweet. And sour!

What is this embarrassing sensation that was pointed out to me again? And you're smiling, Maia, stop smiling!

' Well, well, well. '

There are some things that can be done.

Ugh, so embarrassing .......

Look, Charlotte too. She's softened her attitude, but she still acting like a doll in front of the commoners. and her cheeks were still slightly flushed.

I mean, I'm struggling to resist the urge to hug her because she's so insanely cute? --But what? I'm going to give you a good spanking when we get back to the mansion, okay? I'll punish you for making your husband horny!

"Master, I don't think it would be wise to make your face any wider."

You're a quirky one, aren't you, Katherine?

No matter how sweet and handsome the aristocrat's mask is, there is a certain length of the nose that can be extended. If the threshold is exceeded, the dignity of the lord will inevitably collapse.

Really, you should only use "presence blocking" except when you really need to. Maybe it's the way a maid-servant should be, but I'm scared to death that I find you standing behind me without any warning.

"This Maid is--" Maia choked on her words.

"Her name is Katherine. Maia, it's okay." Condescendingly and gracefully, the maid, Katherine, bowed.

"Ho-oh ......," Maia's admiring voice chimed in at the gesture.

Fufufu, there's also the servants, you know.

Not my servants, though it's Grandpa Randolph's .......

But there was no time for me to be tormented by a sense of dominance and annoyance.

"Don't worry, Desmond-sama is quite communicative."

The maid's almost expressionless face seems to be almost unchanged, but is it just my imagination or that she's looking at me with something to say?

I'm sorry. So far, I've been taking walks in the territory ...... *cough*, the inspection is always alone, no one to pay attention to me ...... always, alone.......

I felt the strength in my fingers as Charlotte twined them around me.

'I'm here.'

--Unh, that's very, very nice and pleasing, but Was I that obvious that you couldn't help but do so?

Even Maia is looking at me with a smile. ...... Damn, you're telling me I was never have any dignity to begin with! ...... Damn it .......

"Alright, Desmond-sama, I will show all three of you to my house."

Even though I was embarrassed, I couldn't let go of her hand now, so I decided to follow the farmer's big ass, intertwining my fingers with Charlotte's and holding her hand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, this is Desmond.

Even though Katherine was here, I felt that even Charlotte felt lonely sometimes.

"I had no idea that you were such a friendly person"

"I myself am surprised Maia was so easy to talk to."

Uh-huh. Ha-ha.

My wife has made a friend.

Not a noble friend, but a commoner friend. And she doesn't even look at me sitting beside her. I believe in her, but I felt betrayed.

I've really become a loner.....

Hello, this is Desmond.

As a lord, I am satisfied with the life of the people in my domain, who can afford it.

At the table in the center of the room, Charlotte and I sat next to each other, with Maia across from us and Katherine ...

Like a fully automatic tea fetching device - no, it's not that simple. Katherine poured the tea into Charlotte's cup, which was so elegant and effortlessly smooth that the tea seemed to gush out of the cup on its own. Oh, and she does it for Maia too.

I'm sure she'll pour it for me too as soon as I finished mine.

Even though she was being offered a chair, Katherine did her job as a maid as if she were a household fairy. A maid in the living room of a farmhouse may not seem fitting, but Katherine is a first-class maid.

They blend in naturally by using "presence block"

That's why I'm afraid I might get stabbed before I know it, you little assassin maid .......

"I really like that scene, It's so wonderful"

"I thought so too. when the two of them, who had been so far apart suddenly held hands"

" "Kyaaa!" "

"...."

It is often said that if you want to know what it is like to be lonely, it is better to go into a crowded area.

No one speaks to each other, and people pass by without being noticed or cared for. They are all the same, but they not only don't communicate with each other, they pass by each other as if they were mere obstacles. --It's a strange way of putting it.

But I would like to add one more thing to that.

If you have doubts about your existence, just go to the "Maiden's Garden".

'Why am I here? Why do I have to stay in this place?'

"Charlotte-sama are you familiar with this novel?"

"Of course. I've ordered it directly from the artist and have already read the latest edition."

" Impressive. Even I was surprised by that Lord Oskar's hand touching scene."

" " Right!? Kyaaa!! " "

Charlotte and Maia lean over and fuss over each other. I sip my tea and pick a strawberry.

Really, why am I still here?

I followed their lead and wordlessly sipped my tea (bittersweet) and picked a strawberry (sweet and sour). It's true what the priest said, that the taste of things changes depending on the snack.

It seemed that Maia also liked the books that Charlotte liked, and as soon as she was shown into the house, Charlotte found the book on the shelf. And after that, the two of them got to know each other very well, talking about romance stories, and since then, they've been neglecting me, their lord, noble, protector, and husband.

Well, it's good that my wife is enjoying herself, isn't it?

I can't get the way of their hobbies, right?

Besides, I want her to get to know the commoners, and it's good to have friends, right?

Even if I don't have any friends, and even if I've been feeling lonely and flustered inside for a while now, even the maid's narrow eyes seem to have a hint of pity in them ( whether that's true or not, I can't tell from this almost expression-less face).

................

...........

I want to go home. ....... Why do I even exist here?

*sips*

I sipped my tea.

"Kyaaa"

"Kyaaa"

If I say you're too old for this, I could get killed. right? Charlotte and Maia, they're so friendly they are they would never kill me, right?

--I want to believe that they won't.

However, it was a scene that made me realize that women are always girls, even if they are in their late 20s.

"Desmond-sama"

"Kyaaa!"

I stopped myself from letting out a cry when she suddenly spoke to me.

"What's up, Katherine?" This is probably the first time she has ever taken the initiative to speak to someone other than my wife. I responded as if I were a department manager being talked to by a young female employee.

"Um" said this maid, with her usual cool good looks. "Maia can read?" There seems to be an admiring tinge to it.

"Oh, that."

I'm a little too proud to mention it.

"I've set up a free academy. We teach reading, writing, and math, and other..."

I was about to say but stopped it.

"Other....?"

"Nothing, nothing"

I was afraid to say that in this place.

I glanced to the side to see Charlotte happily chatting with Maia. She was so different, and it was also true that she was feeling relaxed.

--If this family is one of those, it would be beyond unpleasant.......

"Well, anyway, I'm trying to make sure that commoners can read, write, and do math, too."

"I'm impressed."

The maid's honest compliment almost makes my nose grow.

But Randolph old man was....

'The townsfolk are highly literate and they are more educated than the rest of the country, if not more so. ...... You are doing something interesting, Desmond. They will not accept exploitation due to ignorance, and they will not blindly follow authority due to critical thinking. I wonder how Lord Desmond's people will grow up. Ho-ho, interesting.'

I'm not kidding when I say that the commentary was not exactly complimentary. it was vaguely grim and smelled of blood. I pretended not to see the hidden hound's fangs. I just thought it was better that way. ......

I have no desire for greed or violence.

More like I didn't think too much about it. ......

--Well, I hope you can learn from this maid. If I have the opportunity to do so, I would be more than happy to accompany you more ......

Anyway, thanks to this, Charlotte was able to make friends with Maia. The merchant who was delivering the new book to Charlotte's place was also selling it to the town's bookstore, and he was delighted with the good sales.

Isn't this the only town in the country where books sell well?

The reputation of the crops and livestock in our territory is good, and thanks to that, even a commoner farmer and woman can afford to buy an illustrated book.

However, if you think about it, Charlotte's tastes are known to the people of this town. ...... So to speak, even if you're not that of a fan, you can still enjoy it.

'Favorite author of lord's wife, New issue of Mr.**** is here'!!!

It's like a pop-up ads. If it were me, I couldn't stay in this town anymore. Thank God there is no Eros in this world. If there had been, Desmond's ads would have been placed next to Charlotte's ads, and I would have been unable to bear to look at it.

--Don't worry! It's okay! Charlotte's got friends now!

But even if she can make friends, I don't want her to put any of my recommendations on the table.

And Charlotte-chan, twenty-nine years old, whose preferences had been exposed without her knowledge, was still having a great time with Maia, a commoner, and a farmer.

--I'm bored .......

Picking strawberries sounds good, except, I need to maintain the dignity of the Lord.

In the past, if it was a regular man's face, everyone would have turned away. but in this life, the blonde-haired, blue-eyed, handsome aristocrat's face, the women would not be able to leave him alone and would console him - but I couldn't afford a thing like that.......

'Haa ***-sama is so cool.『I'm sure that's why I was born here. To love you.』I'd love to be told that.'

Maia sigh. In a world where there are many beautiful women, regardless of whether she's a big woman or a farmer's wife, Maia's melancholy breath is lustrous, and her thick lips almost draw my eye in. But in front of the narrow, almost expressionless eyes of the assassin maid, I had to hold back, and the most important of all--

"------"

"Hey, what's wrong? Miss Charlotte."

"....."

Charlotte is here.

*stare*

--Ung, please stop, I'm sorry, please.

Since Charlotte's favorite picture story has become an untold favorite of the town's bookstores, please, I hope you will forgive me for leaking to the outside world and don't compare it with our private bed activity.

"Oh."

And Maia seemed to have realized the meaning of Charlotte's gaze. She glanced at me, her cheeks flushed, and looked at Charlotte, then at me.

*stare*

commoner should never float to the top of a lord.

'Hmmm, heh, hmmm...Well, well, well. Lord Desmond, you've done it.'

"Well, Lady Charlotte. "

"........................ Yes."

A tiny little voice, like the buzzing of a mosquito, muffled.

My beloved wife, with her face turned red up to her ears, as sweet and sour as a strawberry.

"Pretty ......"

"Fue!?"

When Maia's true feelings leaked out, Charlotte looked up at her with her cute voice leaking out. Even if she is beautiful, we can see her blushing face with all the pretty things, as well as her emerald eyes that have been moistened by love.

"----"

Maia froze.

--Unh, I know that feeling.

You'd be amazed at how cute my wife is. And I can't help but be surprised by the way she looks at me like she was a pig on a pig farm. Because I know that you used to have the eyes of a dead fish... I also know that you used to work as a decorating stone in the noble house and that you had to give up all hope when you walked through the gate of my house...... Damn, I'm starting to tear up.

Well, that's why it's so pretty--.

"Oh! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be rude to you, Charlotte-sama......"

Maia panicked as if she had just realized something.

Oh, come on, if you're going to apologize for that, don't you have someone else to apologize to first? You know, like that cute woman's husband?

The warmth of your eyes is enough to make me think that you're being disrespectful. you know?

"Don't worry, Miss Maia," the sharp maid followed up. "Miss Maia was merely expressing her impressions. And it's obvious that Charlotte is very pretty. What is the disrespect of saying something is pretty is pretty? Is That right, Desmond-sama?"

"Oh, oh."

--Oh, shit, she's throwing it at me.

She is always trying to get at me.

But I'm not afraid to return this maid's pretense with all my might.

"Yes, Charlotte is pretty. What's wrong with telling the pretty Charlotte that she's pretty? There is nothing wrong with it. In fact, it would be more of a sin not to call her pretty."

I told her in a dignified, nonchalant manner, just like a lord.

"Wow......"

And then Maia's eyes grew warm.

--What is that reaction? That's disrespectful!

But Charlotte, beside me...

Kaaaaah

Psshhhhhh... ......

I can almost hear the sound effect like that coming out of her.

--Un, cute, cute.

So it's not surprising that I'm tempted to fondle those chubby thighs under my desk.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I can see the smoothness of her skin and the softness of her flesh even through her skirt.

*Rubbing* *rustling*

"Hmm......" Charlotte's cheek blush.

"What's wrong, Charlotte-sama?"

Maia looked seriously worried about Charlotte.

--I now understand what it feels like to sexually harass someone.

"No, it's nothing. It's nothing. ...... Mmm."

There was no way I wouldn't get excited about this.

my fingers swoop down the inside of her thighs, stroking them. Charlotte rubs her thighs together in a fidgety manner, preventing my fingers from going too far.

As she swayed her hips, I traced the valley between her thighs, the tightly closed and shapely flesh, and then moved over to the other thigh.

"I'm not sure if you're okay, Charlotte," Maia said.

"It's all right ....... ......hmmm......."

My beloved wife, trying to smile, blushed lustfully as she endured the disgusting hands stroking her thighs. If she behaves like this, my dirty old man passion will be on fire.

And Charlotte, too.

'No, not here, but ...... I'm so aroused ......, I want Desmond to make me more...... more slutty. I'm so excited to be made more and more of a lewd by Desmond......'

I don't know why but it's so obvious to me that she thinks that way.

'Oh, Desmond,......, why won't you touch me in my private parts,......? Please please can you just touch me.......my... soup... is... dripping.......'

--I'd love to have some of that soup in my tea!

"What's wrong? Desmond-sama? Your nostrils are a little puffy."

"No, it's nothing."

Maia was just pointing that out to me. That's bad, The dignity of a lord, the dignity of a lord .......

But Katherine, can't you just warn me? Is that she thinks that I am her enemy? I'm busy making her mistress feel good right now, so I'll forgive her for now.

I have a hunch that it might be the case.

"Are you sure you're okay, Miss Charlotte?" Maia gave a worried look.

Hmmm, is it time to stop?

Unfortunately, like a chicken and a beginner in sexual harassment, I was quite happy with this. I've done it in the morning and before lunch already after all.

Haaa......, grobbing Charlotte thighs, such a bliss .......

"Oh......."

And when I took my hand away from her thigh, Charlotte made a disappointed sound.

Seriously......? Does this girl want more? It's not that I don't want to, but...

"What's wrong?" I asked in whispered.

"Oh, Desmond-sama, you know what I'm talking about."

Fufufu, Is this the face of a girl who has been sexually harassed? She's just a rutting, begging slut. But I don't think I'm going to do any more than that. ......

*Slurp*

then

Charlotte's tender fingers slipped between my legs.

--Oh!?

She twisted her mouth slightly and looked at me with her wet, emerald eyes.

Oh, no! That felt like my heart was going to explode.

The look on her face said.

'So Desmond was playing pranks on me and your cock is this hard? It's now as hard as a spear.'

'--Uh-uh-uh! Ughhhh!'

'It's payback for playing a prank on me, and for not touching me properly♡'

--Ughhhh .......

Damn it Charlotte, this girl remembers exactly where my weak point is. Because this morning, she had been watching me with her absurdly watchful eyes as she squirmed on my cock and flicked my nipples.

she made as if she were playing a harp with the bulge in my pants.

She began to stroke it around.

It was such a sharp and beautiful sensation that I felt my hips almost jump, but I couldn't surrender myself to this pleasure in front of Maia.

"What's wrong, Desmond-sama?"

Charlotte's mouth twisted into a lascivious smile as she stared at me with a lecherous, erotic gaze. She licked her lips lightly with her pink tongue, and the lump of flesh under my pants jumped involuntarily.

--I'm not going to lose this .......

"...... Haaahh."

Charlotte let out a sharp exhalation. as my fingers reach her.

It was because I grabbed my wife's bountiful buttocks and played with them.

It's so soft and firm!

She has a superb ass with a moderate amount of firmness and fat. If I knead it lightly this time, her waist starts to sway.

But the more harder I rubbed, the more her fingers roamed my crotch!

Ohhhh!

Well, if you're going to play it this way, I'll kick it up a notch... starts with pinch and squeeze.

--Hmmm, hmmm ......

My beloved wife stroked, and rubbed my hard meat under the desk. In return, I creep my fingers into her crack.

--It's wet. ......

Charlotte.......You naughty girl.

In order to maintain the dignity of the lord, I carefully keep my face as unchanged as possible, but secretly I have a vile smile on my face.

However, Charlotte's tactics have also become more skillful. I've only ever touched a woman's vulnerable parts in a teasing way.

but this girl...

And then, with such subtlety that Maia didn't notice the rhythmic motion, she pushed and squeezed my meat spear with her palm.

What a progress! Charlotte, you scary girl!

Her palms were holding me, my pants were in such a state of disarray, and even her skirt was soaking wet. It was a battle that the lord and his wife could not afford to lose, even though they were in the house of a citizen.

"Heee!"

Charlotte jolted.

"Are you all right, Charlotte-sama, your face is even redder than before......."

"Oh, it's okay, Maia. ....... Oh that...... I remember......."

With Charlotte's words, Maia noticed something about the way we had been looking at each other for a while now, as if we were looking into each other's eyes and conveying some kind of feelings.

"Thanks for the hospitality."

Maia seemed to remember when Charlotte and I had said those words and interpreted it as the two of us almost crawling into each other's world. Then, she looked at me with warm eyes.

"Ugh!" Charlotte's fingers moved over to my balls.

".................."

".................."

--Un, it's good that She didn't press me, but it's also sad that you didn't ask anything, Maia.

But this is bad bad ......, I might be forced to ejaculate in this place ....... But I somehow don't want to withdraw here!

"... Huh ..."

A sweet, uncontrollable moan escaped from Charlotte.

My fingers crept underneath her buttocks and finally began to roam around the private part of her body. The weight and softness of Charlotte's ass crushing my palm were irresistible - and her ass was burning so hot that I felt like I was going to burn. It was the first time I had ever felt a woman's buttocks so hot.

I could have smelled the scent of the juice as well, but in this world with no eroticism, they wouldn't be able to tell that's what it is. And Charlotte's reaction should have been noticed by anyone with good instincts, but Maia didn't seem to notice it in the slightest. ......

---- My eyes met with Katherine.

".................."

Good! Good! My ejaculation gauge was plummeting.

A first-class maid with cold looks and narrow, almost expressionless eyes. As usual, I don't know what she is thinking, but her eyes are starting to have a sharp glint in them, and I don't think it's my imagination. I was hoping she would learn from her mistress and become softer, but...

We have to stop this as soon as possible.

In order to do that...

"Heeeeeeeee, ......!" Charlotte's limbs stiffened.

I bent my middle finger into a hook. I attacked her main camp like a mounted warrior.

*schlick* *schlick*

She was so hot and wet, Charlotte's secret pot was so lewd that I could ejaculate just by touching it. Furthermore, if my girlfriend, of all people, is groping me, my endurance gauge is running low.

Even though her movements lacked finesse, her temperature was on fire. I can't do this anymore. I'm going to ejaculate. I'm going to ejaculate. .......

feeling defeated, I scraped up the gaps in the main line of defense where the assault was launched, and cut through its defenses, cloth and all.

*Nujuu!*

"Fugu! Nuuuuuu! Mmmmmmm!"

Charlotte's body jerked, her palm pressing down on her mouth.

I did it! I did it!

I was seized with an inexplicable sense of accomplishment. For that reason, I also ejaculated so much like a broken dam.

*spurt* *spurt*

And I felt her liquid gushing out of the honey pot where I had thrust my finger into it with the whole cloth.

【cleansing】

--Ha, it was very, very convenient to be able to use magic.

We had never expected that we would end up finger fucking each other.

"you two are really close, aren't you?"

I think I might have gotten used to Maia's warm eyes.

After all, they had just done something rather more exciting.

But now she was smiling more warmly than before.

"Huh, huh. ......"

Charlotte's face was flushed and she was breathing in and out in distress. She leaned into my shoulder, her full tits touching me, I can feel the sensuality of her shoulder rising and falling.

"Nnngh. ......"

And if she occasionally shivered, my crotch recharged with energy. And even more so when the sweet scent of a lightly sweaty Charlotte comes from the platinum blonde hair that rests on her shoulders.

But.

'Desmond-sama, you're not going to do this anymore, right?'

The maid's narrow-eyed starring at me. What's scary is the fact that I can't tell if she really thinks that, because her face remains almost expressionless!

Therefore, this is the result of my guilt for thinking that she thinks so.

--Well, I'm not going to do it here anymore. --Maybe!

I put my hand on her shoulder and gave her a loving pat. She let out a muffled squeal and rubbed up against me.

I would like to kiss her, but...

--But I had to restrain myself!

Even so, it's safe to just hug her shoulder for support.

"Huh."

Maia let out a sigh and look far away into the distance.

"I wish my husband was like that, I guess it's my fault for getting married so soon. If I act like Charlotte, not be easily turned around and letting Desmond chase me all the time, I would have been a little more ...... or even less so, it seems ......."

"Maia's husband doesn't take good care of you?"

Charlotte asked, still in the aftermath of what happened earlier and still leaning on me, Maia cowered and shook her head.

"It's true that he took care of me when I was pregnant or sick, But other than that, he never did. A farm woman is still a farmer, a worker. we're not like noblewomen--"

"No, you're wrong."

Charlotte's voice was strong. She was still leaning on me, though.

"A noblewoman is just a tool to bear children. if you don't work, you have to give birth to a child ..."

I quickly hugged Charlotte's shoulder tightly.

"Hey, hey Desmond-sama it's okay......"

" I'm sorry. Did it hurt?"

When I asked, my beloved wife shook her head quietly, and I could feel the vibration in my shoulder. and her small moan.

"I can't take it anymore."

"------"

--I think I shouldn't have taught her anything erotic, should I? She's becoming more and more dangerous. Maia, across from me, noticed my expression and huffed. Then she swept her eyes, which have a shade of red.

"Don't worry. Desmond is with me now."

Maia's shoulders slumped, as if relieved.

It's a good thing that my wife is happy, but I can't stand the sight of Maia's eyes getting warm again.

"Well, it seems that Desmond-sama has been chasing after Charlotte-sama for a long time. I've heard him blurting out that he wondered if the fruits and vegetables that would be planted in this estate would be good for Charlotte."

--Whoa!?

Suddenly my past was coming crashing down on me now!?

It was as if Mr. Black History had suddenly appeared. No, rather, the blue history of youth?

"Is that so, Desmond-sama?" Charlotte's voice sounded thrilled. "Why don't you ask me? ...... --Hmm, I'm flattered."

I can't turn my head towards a twenty-nine year old who is still rubbing against me.

---- My eyes met with Katherine.

Don't look at me!

Aha, it's nice to be taken advantage of, but here's still a "maiden's garden", why do I exist here?

But - this air is not so bad.

It was only for a moment that I thought that way.

*creak*

The front door swug open.

"Maia, strawberries please. I've brought onions from our farm. And Desmond-sama is here right!? They said he is with a very beautiful woman!"

It was a young girl who raised a cheerful voice. In terms of age, she was probably about six years old.

She had sparkling blue eyes.

"Wow, you're really beautiful. Oh, there's a maid too! amazing!"

Pyon Pyon, she's jumping up and down, Beautiful gold hair swaying with the momentum.

"………………"

Katherine, the maid's gaze hurts. Is this still just my guilt?

But my wife, who had been resting her head on my shoulder and rubbing against me, suddenly raised her body and looked at the girl with her emerald eyes.

And then, she spoke one sentence.

"A commoner with magic powers......"

And with the golden blonde hair and blue eyes.

Most of the people in this region actually have flaxen hair and auburn eyes, like Maia.

So that means--

The girl's face broke into a cute smile, but I can't return it back.

--Yes, the very thing that I had been worried about when Charlotte left the mansion was now happening right before her eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"The defendant, Desmond Damwead, step forward."

"Yes."

I followed the call and took the stand.

Courtroom.

"If you have something to say, you can say it first."

A beautiful woman with wavy platinum blonde hair stood on a particularly high platform. Her large emerald eyes looked down at me, and although her face was youthful and pretty, as if she were still in her twenties or so, in this quiet and solemn place, I was smitten by her noble and dignified appearance, as if she were a legitimate princess.

However, when she was dressed as a judge, it looked a little like we were at a playground, and I couldn't help but smile.

But, solemnly.

"The appearance of the people in this region is usually flaxen hair and auburn eyes, and then this girl with golden hair and blue eyes--"

The girl's name is Emily. She is six years old, and from what I can tell, she has some magical power. How long ago did the defendant, Desmond Damwead, begin to rule this estate?

"Eight years ago."

*Kah!*

And then the sound of hard heels hit the ground.

The one who gave a voice was a cool-looking woman with reddish hair pulled up in an updos. She wore intelligent glasses, had a firm posture, and her fearlessly tailored business suit looked like armor. Unlike the presiding judge, she wasn't overly seductive, but her hip line, accentuated by the suit, was distracting. I would love to hire her not as a prosecutor, but as a skilled secretary and sexually harass her. She gave me a penetrating look like a blade, as if she had noticed my evil feelings.

"As I have previously reported to your Honor, according to my investigations, the accused, Desmond Damwead, has been found to have accepted the now-defunct practice of impregnating women on their wedding night."

"What's wrong with that? That's the privilege of the commoner, and I was merely fulfilling my duties as a nobleman."

"Well, yes. Desmond Damwead was merely doing his duty as a nobleman."

The man in charge of my defense was an old gentleman with gray hair. He wore a slender, elegant suit, with full eyebrows and mustache, and his cunning, old-fashioned eloquence was sure to put even the most sophisticated secretary to shame, as if he didn't care about the little girl.

"Even if he have a child, it will be a child of the commoner, not of a noble family. There's nothing wrong with that."

"Objection."

The prosecutor's office woman was solemn.

"Wouldn't it be inhumane, to allow another woman to bear your child before your lawful wedded mate has conceived?"

"Objection," the gray-hair defense attorney said solemnly.

"This is a courtroom where the law judges. Wouldn't it be detrimental to a fair and impartial verdict to bring up such an uncertain and ill-defined subject as humanitarianism? There is no injustice in Desmond Damwead's actions under the law.

In the first place, the right to a wedding night is the right of a commoner to receive the child of a nobleman who has magical powers and who cannot originally conceive, as a wedding gift. Most noblemen refuse this request, but Desmond Damwead's act is rather admirable, not to be blamed in this way. He is fulfilling his duty as a nobleman. His wife, on the other hand, has not done her duty as a wife, and has fled by drowning herself with a fantasy story without paying attention to her husband."

The audience buzzed with his provocative attitude. Among them were father, Viscount Damwead, and father-in-law, Earl of Terrace and the little platinum blonde was baring her teeth at Grandpa in an overtly belligerent manner--

*Knock, knock!*

"Quiet, please, quiet."

The cute voice of the judge hitting the wooden hammer made the courtroom quiet as if it had been hit by cold water.

Her large emerald eyes reflected the shameful image of her unfaithful husband like the surface of a lake.

"The defendant, Desmond Damwead."

"Yes."

"Do you acknowledge that this Emily girl is your daughter?

"Yes."

There's no point in making an apology here. Just let the facts be what they are. And Emily's mother, a thin woman, was puffing out her chest in relief.

The judge gave a slight nod.

"Then I hereby pronounce judgment."

My spine stiffens. The audience, the prosecutor, and the defense attorney looking as jolted as ever - gulp hard at the judge's decision.

(By the way, this is the courtroom in Desmond Damwead's brain. and even though it is modeled after real people and real institutions, it contains a great deal of Desmond Damwead's subjectivity and prejudice. Please do not confuse the two.)

And the verdict is...

◇

"You're doing Noble's duty. That's very admirable, Desmond-sama."

Her large emerald eyes widened, and Charlotte, the judge, stared at me with a gleam of respect. "I admire your generosity and concern for the Commoners, Desmond. You are truly the model of nobility."

She said. And

"You said your name was Emily. Come here and let me take a good look at you. Wow, she looks a lot like Desmond with her beautiful blond hair and blue eyes. I'm sure you'll be even more beautiful when you grow up."

"Even if the other party is a commoner, if they receive Desmond's seed, the child will become so exquisite and exude nobility. I admire you, Desmond-sama."

With those eyes, Charlotte stared at Emily.

I couldn't help but feel a storm of emotions raging through my mind.

"Desmond-sama, who is this beautiful lady?" Emily, my own daughter said.

"............ this is my wife, Charlotte."

"Eh!"

Emily's pretty blue eyes widened.

"That's....."

I don't know why, but this six-year-old girl (my own daughter) was devastated. She then continued to stare at Charlotte with a sullen, complicated expression on her face.

My wife, I, and the daughter of my mistress .....no not even my mistress, are looking at each other.

It's the kind of thing you'd expect to see in a lunchtime drama, and my little heart and stomach are losing their endurance .......

However, as stated in the courtroom of my brain, and as Charlotte acknowledged, this was due to the first night's rights - the commoner's side's request.

It was a chance to get a child from a nobleman with the magic power.

This world and culture are too convenient for the aristocratic man.

--But it's true. If it is not a sudden miracle mutation, it is unlikely that a mere commoner will be born with magical powers. The ones who have magic power are usually from noble families. If you have magic power and can use magic, even if it is only a little, it will make your family life much easier.

So, if the nobleman would accept her, in this world where there is no sexual desire or eroticism, unless he is very possessive or a fastidious husband, he would bring her to him.

Her husband would offer to give me her first night as a new wife, asking me to impregnate her. It was a scene that could have aroused a vicious rage, but in this world of no sexual desire, it was like a process of lube, insertion, and ejaculation.

Ah, hit it or missed it... (A child with magical powers can tell on the spot whether it has been fertilized or not.) Then, the next person...

That's how it was! (In fact, there could have been a waiting list.)

I couldn't help but think how wasteful it was, and I also couldn't help but think of the scene where a couple with swollen bellies from begging for fertility said happily, We will take good care of the child given to us by Lord Desmond.

What can I do? The milk you spill will not return. And a child that is born will not return.

It really helped that Charlotte was a venerable (old) noblewoman. Her feeling was that a child conceived on her wedding night and born to a commoner did not count as a child of the nobility, not to mention that it did not seem to be an object of jealousy.

In the present day, the closest thing to a feeling of jealousy would be to buy the sperm of a highly capable man from a sperm bank with a tentative sum of money called "first night rights" - regardless of whether it is natural fertilization with penetration rather than artificial insemination. With the medical science of this world, artificial insemination is not possible. This is a loophole that can only be found in a world where sexual desire and love are separated.

But Charlotte is beginning to develop a sexual desire, and I'm very, very worried that her relationship with the commoners will change her feelings about it.

And then my eyes met the maid's.

".................."

Her face was almost expressionless, and I couldn't read what she was thinking at all. But it was like a mirror, and it made me feel guilty .......

Aaahhh, if my wife tells you to kill me, it would help if you killed me gently .......

By the way, the reason why the right to a first night has fallen into obscurity and is not accepted by most of the nobility is because of the world's favoritism and respect for magic.

This is the world's idea of selection and respect for magic. What does it mean to spread magic to the commoners? . In the first place, the number of offspring is limited, and one must strengthen the power of one's own family by impregnating one's own wife and a side wife of venerable lineage. So why should they bother to give their precious offspring to lowly commoners? At best, it's nice to bless the offspring, to sow your seed into a vagina that hasn't yet accepted another man's genitals. but even if it's okay for a lowly commoner to call out to a nobleman, to touch his body, or even to request him to do so, it's still ridiculous. It's a shameful act.

Usually there was no such thing as a nobleman accepting the right to a first wedding night.

But I accepted it. Because...

"What's wrong?"

Charlotte tilted her head in a cute way.

This was not because she was worried about my exhaustion, but because of Emily, who kept staring at me. Even ignoring the favoritism of my wife, the cuteness of a twenty-nine-year-old is enough to rival that of a six-year-old, and I am here to say it out loud.

It seemed to make the six-year-old think so as well.

"cute....."

What is it about this twenty-nine-year-old that even makes this six-year-old think she's cute? Emily, the six-year-old who was frightened by the cuteness of the twenty-nine-year-old, looked at her with soaring eyes.

"I won't lose!"

"Huh?"

"Ugh, pretty ......"

Gununununu,

What a sight to see a six-year-old trembling her shoulders like that. ......

--Unh, you sure are cute, though, aren't you?

It's enough to make a six-year-old pout. But why is Emily so hostile towards Charlotte?

"Emily, what's wrong with you? She is someone I care about. I hope you can get along with her."

This very situation, where I'm introducing my real wife to the daughter of my mistress (not exactly), even though I feel guilty about it. As long as my wife is accepting it, I have no choice but to follow the way of the world for the time being. But

"Uuuuu........."

This time, the six-year-old started to wince.

It was a minefield that I should never have stepped on.

She looked a little like she was about to cry, but then she stared at me with a piercing glare (which seemed to contain more emotion than the look she gave Charlotte) and said,

"Desmond-sama idiot! I was planning to become Desmond's wife if you didn't take a fancy to her! Even though we're related by blood. I'm a commoner, so you can't be considered a father. Randolph's grandfather said that if I became stronger and gained military merit, I could become a minor noble and even marry a nobleman. I thought that if Desmond-sama was left alone if I approached him while comforting him, I could marry him!

So, I won't lose, I won't give up even to Charlotte-sama!""

"------------!"

How many times do I feel like my heart is going to stop beating today?

The dignity of a noble and the dignity of a lord was no longer there, and I was left with blank eyes.

'I'm going to marry my father when I grow up.'

That's probably one of the most important things a father wants to hear from his daughter, no matter when or where in the world. If you were to ask me where I ranked it, I would have to say in the top three.

--until now. But if I had been targeted by such a well-planned and reasoned scheme - and if that serious challenge had been directed at my beloved wife, who had finally turned her back on me, I would have been...

"I won't lose."

The blue eyes that she had inherited from me were staring straight into the emerald eyes of my real wife.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I didn't know what to do anymore.

I couldn't even make a satirical joke to lighten the mood, I had no choice but to just let the flow carry me along.

"What's the matter, Desmond-sama? You look so stiff."

It was because my wife is clinging to my right arm.

"Isn't it because Lady Charlotte is doing something strange?

"It's not strange, If you think it's strange, then why is Emily doing it too?"

"It's because ...... Desmond seems to be happy for some reason......."

"Hmmm."

And then Charlotte, on my right arm, sneers with her lascivious mouth.

And then, she pushes her big tits against me, which is my favorite.

--I'm happy.

Sure, I'm happy. But I'd be more than happy if it wasn't for this!

Emily, who is also clinging to my left arm, doesn't know what Charlotte is doing to me, but for some reason, she sees that I'm happy, and follows her example by hugging my arm tightly. The body of a six-year-old is no match for the voluptuous body of a twenty-nine year old.

--Flat. It's not even fair to compare her to Katherine! （I'm sure Katherine will be upset, but I wonder if she actually cares about the size of her breasts. )

And let me tell you, I'm not a lolicon. and even if I was, it would be a very strange thing to do with a six-year-old own daughter.

My wife is on the right and my own daughter is on the left, and the maids and the married woman in the room watching with smiles on her face, If there is no law that the marriage must have no relation by blood, regardless of the people's acceptance, it's a hell for the husband, who remembers the ethics of his previous life in Japan.

My wife Charlotte, with her wavy platinum blonde hair and pretty face that even a six-year-old finds adorable. Her large emerald eyes gaze up at me from the right.

From the left are the blue eyes that she inherited from me.

Emily.

She's six years old this year, and she's my own daughter, born to a local citizen who was granted the right to have her sired by a nobleman as a wedding gift.

Her hair was blonde, inherited from me, and it was beautiful with an almost majestic glow. The face of the child of mine, with a beautiful, sweet noble appearance, guaranteed to grow up to be a beautiful woman.

This is not because I am favoring her as a sperm donor and father.

If someone were to wander around here, they would know immediately that she is my child, a child born as a result of the first night rights. However, being born from a low-born mother, she cannot be recognized as my daughter, even though we are related by blood. Nevertheless, she has strong magical power and is an important illegitimate child gifted by the lord. Her family and the residents of the town cherish her as a symbol of their pride, and as a symbol of the bond between the lord and the people, the nobles and the commoners. And while I've often wondered how she grew up to be such a good kid, even though she was only my illegitimate child ......

As the donor father of Emily, I have to admit that I am more than a little concerned about her future and mine, knowing that Emily has inherited my intelligence and strength.

And Randolph's grandfather, who had taught her so much unnecessary knowledge.

'Desmond-sama bloodline ...... so like <D Children> --Hohoho, interesting.'

I would like you to stop using names that are considered dangerous by the World Government like 'Will of the (D)esmond' How can it possibly have an impact on the world since there's no will to pass on?

Anyway, that's why Emily became my first child.

"Desmond-sama, ahh." my wife on the right, is pressing in on me, holding a strawberry in her hand.

"O-oh"

"Mmm. Is it good?"

"Oh, it's delicious. It tastes even better because Charlotte feeds it to me."

Speaking of which, my own daughter on the left...

"Desmond-sama, please eat these strawberries, too. Ah."

"Oh ...... ahhh."

"Are they good?"

"Yeah, they're good."

"So, which is better, Lady Charlotte or mine?"

Stop it, my daughter, that is the number one question that should not be asked in this situation!

"It's me right? Desmond-sama?"

She squeezes my right arm between her big tits and rubs them against me.

"You're on my side, right, Desmond-sama?"

The girl on my left begins to rub and grind her flat chest, mimicking wife.

As a husband, I should be happy if his my wife and daughter love me nad love them back in return, but if they aren't related by blood, it becomes quite scary.

And a twenty-nine year old doesn't even hold back against a six year old.

Charlotte, Emily is mimicking you without really thinking about it, but it's too early in her life to be doing that, you know?

Now that I am convinced that she has inherited her mother's wisdom and cunning, I am sure that once the sexual arts are added to the mix, she will be unstoppable.

Oh god.......

Just as I was thinking this, Maia that sitting across from me, dropped a bomb on me.

"That's so nice. If only Desmond-sama had ruled this land sooner, I might have a child like Emily. Desmond-sama, would you please grant us commoners not only the right to the first night but also the right for us commoners to receive Desmond-sama's seed?"

"That's a wonderful idea. I think it would be great to have more people who look like Desmond in this estate."

Charlotte, that statement sounds absurdly scary, you know?

I'm glad that you love me and believe in me so much, and that you approve of my right to a first night in the future, but there is a certain smell of something odd in there.

In addition, the assassin maid behind me has a dagger in her belt.

"But Lady Charlotte, currently Desmond-sama is learning a some kind of sexual technique. SO it might be something different from before--"

I know that you are thinking of my wife's feelings when you say that, But it's very, very scary to see Charlotte's reaction at this moment. And the lady in question, Mrs. Charlotte is...

"Don't worry, Desmond didn't seem to react when he rubbed Katherine's breasts earlier. I believe in you, Desmond-sama."

I'd like you to stop staring at me with those sparkling emerald eyes.

It is true that I didn't react to the maid boob rubbing outdoor session earlier, but because it was such a tense situation that I couldn't possibly react to it, plus I was too busy trying to avoid liking the boobs. That should not be the standard.

And here is a married woman who doesn't know anything about sexual art, and my daughter who is too young for any sexual-related thing.

"Oh, Desmond-sama was squeezing Katherine's breasts earlier wasn't he?"

Maia saw us.......

"Well, he's Desmond-sama, so I suppose it's natural that he would try something strange from time to time, but what was he doing?"

"Desmond likes breasts."

Stop it, Charlotte, please stop stomp my reputation to the ground......

Is it on purpose? You did it on purpose, didn't you?

"Oh, so that's why Charlotte-sama's doing this"

And Emily, the one on the left, pushes her flat chest against me. Then she compared herself to Charlotte. You too, please don't go any further, stop it, my daughter.

"............ Do Desmond-sama, by any chance, like the larger ones?"

"That's right" said Charlotte.

"No, there is no such thing as too big or too small in breast size. ......"

My voice was very, very, very quiet.

"But when you rubbed Katherine's breasts, you didn't react......." The lady continued without caring about my situation.

The fact that my eyes met the maid is another thing that scares the hell out of me.

"No, if you're saying that there is no such thing as too big or too small, then if Desmond likes my breasts.......ummm"

The conversation between Charlotte and the other girl never stopped.

"Desmond-sama! I'll grow up to have breasts that Desmond-sama will like!"

"I am sorry as a servant that my breasts are not to your liking, Master."

"Then, Desmond-sama, do you like mine? If it's just the size, it's as big as Charlotte."

"Would you like to try it, Desmond-sama?" the maid asked, perhaps trying to be tactful.

No, it seems like she's pushing me. I really didn't expect that she was holding a grudge against her because of boobs ....... This maid is still too scary to read her true intentions because she has almost no facial expression.

Oh God, what am I supposed to do?

I couldn't hold it together at this moment even if I wanted to.

Just when I thought that Charlotte had finally turned around, something that should not have been a problem came back to haunt me like Othello.

I'm just a helpless person who's just trying to maintain the facade and act accordingly.

I was so overwhelmed that I had no idea that Katherine was staring at me with her usual cold, almost expressionless beauty.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I don't even remember how I got out of that place alive.

I said that we shouldn't interrupt Maia's work so we should leave. But then Charlotte...

"Maia, would you like to come to the house sometime? That would be very nice, Can I? Desmond-sama?"

"Yes, it is. How can I possibly object to Charlotte inviting her friends?"

"Thank you"

"Oh, no, I'm afraid mansion is......"

"Don't worry, I'm inviting you as my friend. Desmond also said it was good."

"So as Desmond-sama friends, can I also visit you too!? Let's start as friends!"

Now that she knew that Charlotte was her love rival, Emily decided to go on the offensive.

-- from my own daughter, who is also blood-related.

*Glancing*

I glanced over at Charlotte.

"It's fine."

I nodded, relieved but with mixed emotions.

"I don't understand why you're looking at Lady Charlotte like that, but eventually I'll..."

I don't know if I've ever seen a six-year-old so naive and bratty.

In my previous life, I didn't have any children, and if I tried to talk to them, there would be a case immediately, so there was no way I could know how children were at different ages.

"Hah ...... what a mess......."

The sound of my sighs echoed off the bathroom walls, and I realized that I was alone in the bathroom. They say that happiness escapes when you sigh, but if you call this happiness, I'd prefer to have some of it slip out.

" Hah ......" I couldn't help but sigh, But there was no point in dwelling on it.

For now, I decided to take a bath and wash. I really wanted to teach Charlotte some sexual techniques, but I came to the bathroom alone.

The bathroom was large even for noble's mansion standard and he was just a local lord. Apparently, even before he regained the memories of his previous life, his Japanese soul had been seeking for a bath, and this was his masterpiece. While at home, I had been asked for advice on how to make a bath by a lord I knew. If I hadn't been sealed up in a place like this, I might have become a bath maker.

--Maybe that would have been better. No, that would mean I would never be with Charlotte, and that alone is a serious matter.

Not too extravagant and flashy, an aesthetic the bath was designed to fit the culture of this world. A circular bathtub embedded in the tile floor, a faucet for water, a heat-generating magical device embedded under the bathtub, and also has a sauna.

Well, maybe it was luxurious. Even so, the lack of unnecessary decorations, gold, silver, and jewels made it not too extravagant for a noble lord's bathroom.

I've heard rumors that even Charlotte before she fell in love with me, was impressed with my bath so I guess I can guess the extent of its splendor.

Before I regained the memories of my previous life, I usually bathed alone.

I could have had a maid attend to me, But even before I regained my memory, I had a bit of sexual desire, being around a maid was too much for me to relax because I had a strange, unfamiliar feeling. Because of this habit, the bathroom was a great place to think and to be alone, even if it was too large for one person.

There was so much going on today, I was tired.

--But unfortunately, this place was no longer a sanctuary for me.

"Excuse me."

".................."

--Excuse me?

Isn't that one letter short? where's 'wa'[1]?

I stand naked in the bathroom, a drop of liquid that is not the moisture in the bathroom begins to flow down my back. I hadn't washed my body yet and hadn't gotten into the bathtub, standing there with my shoulders slumped. then I heard that sound. I turned around cautiously with some expectation in my heart.......

And there stands.......Katherine, without a stitch of clothing.

"------"

The woman's body, hidden beneath the white maid's uniform was perfectly shaped with superb proportions, and although the size of the fruit was indeed small, the well-shaped breasts certainly looked as if they could not be more perfect. At the tip of them sits a lovely pale peach color circle with its delicate outline - her waist is slender and firm, and her supple flesh seems to give off a sense of vigor underneath.

It was the first time I had ever seen a woman's ass so full. A thick layer of red pubic hair lies at that spot. And above all, her reddish hair, which is usually tied up in an updo, hangs down to her shoulders, making this twenty-six-year-old look younger than usual, regardless of her cold eyes.

I turned my head toward her and froze.

She's completely naked!

"W, Why Katherine is...."

"Can't I?"

"Well, no, that's not..."

It was actually a feast for the eyes to see her beautiful naked body on display ...... but it was a big no-no! I was thinking about this topic just a while ago.

"Oh."

she said. The way she was looking at me...

As soon as I was clearly aware of her gaze, It turn into a fighting mode, instantly the angle raised to the maximum and the tip of my spear pointed at her. a typical middle school reaction. Although I am twenty-eight years old in this life, I seem to be overflowing with sexual desire ever since I remembered the memories of my previous life.

And then Katherine, with her normal, almost expressionless face, said.

"This is the first time I've seen Desmond-sama get excited about me ....... Can you please show it to me and not hide it? Thank you. It has a strange shape, The tip is swollen, the bottom is stretched, and it rises up and ......"

The fact that she didn't look away made it clear that she was very interested. I know it's wrong, but I also feel the need to charm her with my raging desire.

"I have a strange feeling. In the morning, when I showed you my underwear, and in the afternoon, when you touched my breasts...... and now when I see you looking at my body and your genitals hardening ................ if you don't mind, can I touch you?"

Seriously!?

".................. Oh, Ok. But it's sensitive, so be gentle."

That Kathrine is asking to touch me! It's not like I'm going to fuck her or anything, but I'm not built to resist something like this. In fact, the only people who would be able to refuse would be a monk who has already abandoned his manhood. In addition, it is also the qualification of a good master not to disregard the request of a follower, or so I insist.

" Okay, so. Excuse me."

--Ohh!

Without any hesitation, she touched my erect and hard manhood. I tightened my buttocks and felt my crotch harden at the touch of a woman's fingers Katherine's touch was more than just a touch, it felt almost innocent like she was checking the shape of it, gripping it with her fingers. A shiver runs down my spine from the thrill.

What's more, she wrapped her fingers around it and started pumping it up and down. She was even better than I thought. My erect penis was being played with by her smooth fingers, and it was twitching and throbbing.

"I can't believe that this thing can make my lady cry out so much when it twitched like this" *fab fab*

"Uu ...... Katherine ...... you know how to handle a penis?"

"No, I've been watching the first night that Master performed the sexual technique on Lady and I assumed that Master enjoyed having his genitals clamped and rubbing inside the vagina. So I decided to give it a try"

What an observant and intelligent person. I'm glad she's my maid, and I'm sure her abilities don't stop with just being a maid.

"By the way, sir, may I ask you a question?"

"Good........"

She's naked, and she's working on her Master's erect dick, but she's still almost expressionless. It's as if my ejaculation is being carefully monitored and controlled - it's going to become a habit.

"Do you love your wife, Desmond-sama?"

"Of course."

I felt a shiver run down my spine, but I answered immediately.

It's not very convincing when another woman is stroking your cock and trying to make you cum.

Katherine was staring at me with her narrow brown eyes.

"It seems so. So, the fact that you are aroused by me and remain still shows that you love your wife and that you are aroused by another woman. does it mean that love is not the same as being aroused and having an erection?"

"Y, yes. The mind and the body are two different things.......--Oh!

Katherine's fingers made a circle and began squeezing my penis.

"Oh, I see, Master, you like it this way."

.....I got exposed. But I'm already naked.

she handles my meat pole is like a spiral around the pillar of flesh, twisting and curling it. Wow, you're so good ....... I almost forget about everything but the pleasure and almost moan out pitifully, letting my penis tremble.

"Something sticky came pouring out at the tip. Is this......?"

But why is she doing this? It is true that she was very interested in the sexual arts and "feeling", but this seemed different .......

"During the day, When Master rubbed my breasts over my clothes. - although my lady said that you didn't respond to it. I could see that it certainly aroused you However, it was a different kind of arousal."

Although it is true that the skill required for a maid is not only "presence block" but also "presence sense" it would be frightening if the accuracy was this high. Are you sure you're not a rank EX or something?

It is encouraging to see how it can be put to good use in a sexy way, but it is also frightening.

And she is not really my maid, but Charlotte's maid

At that time, I was certainly excited to be able to enjoy rubbing the maid's small tits. However, in such a situation, I couldn't be aroused openly, and it's completely different from the arousal I'm experiencing right now, where I can have my penis squeezed directly. "Ugh!"

Katherine's fingers tightened with the perfect amount of force. Her observant eyes read the strength her Master wanted each time, and then she would pleasure and torment him. She didn't seem to mind when the overflowing precum smeared her delicate fingers.

"But now, even without touching my breasts, You seemed to be aroused by my naked body. My breasts, my hips, my ass, my legs, and my vagina."

--She's reading my gaze and everything!

The horror of it all, and the pleasure of having my flesh played with, made me feel intoxicated as if I were being undressed. My cock twitched as she pumped it, and the filthy liquid of lust overflowed.

"If I had to guess, I would say that there are many different patterns and circumstances of arousal. And according to the response I got from touching your genitals, you seem to respond to pleasure that is given to you directly and indirectly."

*schlick* *schlick* *schlick*

She continued to work on my manhood with her fingers, which were now slick with my filth, as if she was examining it, or even me.

Her brown eyes stared at me as she worked on the shaft.

"I suspect that Desmond-sama's learning of the sexual arts, as well as his ability to get an erection without the use of lotion, has made him naturally aroused, erect, and eager to perform sexual acts on people he doesn't love and even when he doesn't want to. And it is an irresistible urge.Master looks at Lady with that kind of eyes. that included me and Maia, However, you did not seem to be looking at Emily that way ......"

--I'm so obvious, aren't I?

I sincerely hope that it is only the Katherine observation and that the other women don't find out about it - I mean, don't tell me that their reaction was because they were aware of my gaze ......?

Okay, let's not think too much about it. But I'll take it as Katherine's confirmation that I didn't cross the line of death for the moment. But what's the reason why Katherine came here, and why she is doing this to me?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I opened my mouth to say, "Well, I have this thing called sexual desire."

".....sexual desire?"

Katherine asks, still jerking my meat.

*fap fap* *rub rub*

--Ahhh, that feels good "Yes. It's a feeling of wanting to engage in sexual acts with a woman."

This is not exactly true, but to Katherine, a native of this world it would be easier to explain it this way. "and of course, I have my preferences......."

"I see. So, according to Master's reaction, I am to your liking."

"Yes, yes, ......."

How embarrassing it is to say to someone face to face that I want to have sex with while having my cock fondled and groped by a skilled hand. In addition, my arousal and desire to have sex with her seems to convey to her through the swelling of my manhood.

"Did I make you uncomfortable?"

"No, but rather, for some reason, my heart rate seems to be increasing."

As if to prove this, Katherine's cheeks seemed to be blushing slightly.

That Katherine is blushing!!

"------"

"Thank you very much for sharing this with me, Master"

And with that, she slipped her hand away from my cock, giving it one last stroke. The luscious sensation she had been giving me was gone, and I felt lonely as I stood there trembling.

The cold, beautiful brown eyes stared at me in her birthday suit.

*Stare*

And then, Katherine looked away and bowed her head. Even in her naked, unclothed form, without her maid uniform, she had a first-class manner, polite and elegant.

I would like to deeply apologize for my rudeness in questioning Master. so, I am prepared to accept any kind of punishment if my Master sees fit I will not resist in any way, even if it is torture or humiliation by sexual intercourse.

Although I was tempted to it, I decided to control it with all the dignity I could muster. My cock was still hard as a rock!

"No, I don't blame you. No, I don't blame you. You came to me - because you care about me or rather, Charlotte, right"

"Yes" - as I thought.

"So? Did you get anything out of it?"

It will be perfect if you can proof me with something like a service to relieve my siffness I am inright now. I has a lot of expectations from her.

"Yes" ------! I stifled with excitement.

"Would you like to try?"

"-----Well then, if you don't mind......"

And then she began to speak from her graceful lips.

"Master loves the Madam. However, when Master learned the sexual arts and developed a sexual desire, he began to feel the urge to use his sexual arts on people other than his beloved. Also, he will get an erection when aroused. It seems that the sexual desire is also enhanced by touching."

"That's right."

Although the information given was not much, the fact that it was presented in a straightforward manner gave me a strange feeling, as if I was being told the results of an experiment instead of embarrassing thing.

Besides, why so descriptive.

But with the maid's calm and composed speech, I could only listen.

"And it seems that the Master is restraining his desire. The reason for this is so that the Madam doesn't feel sad when her husband directs his sexual desire to other women. As for Madam, she wants her husband to behave as he pleases. But if she sees her husband doing that to other women, even if they're just commoners, she will probably feel sad."

"Do you think so too, Katherine?"

"Yes" the maid answered immediately.

"in that case--"

My decision was quick, too. I decided that there was no point in trying to balance the odds.

"I will no longer accept the right of first night. I have a few relationships with my subjects. but if it for her so be it."

The person I want to protect the most right now is Charlotte.

Even if I just allowed the maid to shimmy my cock, and now I'm still alone with her, naked. but that's not the point, it's about what, when, where, who that makes my cock stand strong.

But that's what I really think.

You see, Kathering just saw right through me.

The mind and the body react differently.

However, Katherine shook her head.

"Please don't do that. Madam will be more saddened by that. And, as far as I understand, what Master is worried about is Emily. There are other <D children> as well..... Once Madam are aware about Master's sexual desire for other women and becomes acquainted with them, she might also feel something about them too"

"Oh, that's right. Katherine is intelligent and helpful." --It's scary, to be honest. But... "I've been having a lot of trouble putting my feelings into words. If you could put them, it would help me to collect my thoughts."

"Thank you for your kind words, Master."

Katherine bowed to me politely, elegantly, and gracefully.

She has a keen eye for observation, insight that makes her a first-rate maid, and at the same time, I have to admit that I shudder to think that I can't hide anything from her, but when I think of her as an ally, I can count on her.

Moreover, the fact that what I was thinking had a high probability of becoming a real concern was also backed up by her not denying it.

I wanted hide in the ground at the fact that the 《D Children》 had somehow been made official, I couldn't deny that the name is not officially recognized by me at this point, but that was not the main topic, and there was no reason for me to throw a tantrum.

--Hah, Grandpa Randolph.

I've decided to move on.

" So, I'm embarrassed to ask, but do you have a better idea Katherine?"

"That's nothing to be ashamed of, in my opinion."

Her eyes stared straight at me. Although her face was almost expressionless, there seemed to be a certain " heat" to it.

"As you may have noticed, as the Madam's maid, I have been investigating the daily affairs of Master. With Randolph's presence, there was no problem of something being exposed, but - with all due respect - it seemed to me that there was probably very little information that you, as a noble and a lord, needed to keep hidden."

"I won't deny it. And since it's true, I don't think it's rude."

"Thank you, Master. However, as is still the case today, even though the Master is a nobleman and a lord, he treats commoners well regardless of their status. I was reminded of this today when I saw the Master walking around the estate with the Madam. And Master asks for opinions even from maid like me."

"That's natural. It's a problem I couldn't have solved on my own, and besides, it was Charlotte, not me."

"Yes, I know," the maid said, lowering her head gracefully.

I am -- sincerely glad that Charlotte has found a husband. I hope you will continue to take care of Charlotte-sama. If it is for the happiness of the two of you, I will do everything that I am allowed to do so in my position as a maid. So--"

She looked at the pillar of the changing room.

No way...

No, it was more like I was stupid for not noticing it.

I wondered what Katherine had come to me for and why she had put it all together in such a weird, descriptive way. It was for her to hear, of course.

"That's what he said, My lady."

I noticed that Charlotte was staring at me from the side of a pillar in the changing room with a moist emerald eyes.

"Desmond ...... you think so much of me......."

I felt a shiver run down my spine.

"I am truly sorry for deceiving you, Master. I will take whatever punishment you gave me."

"No, no, it was I who gave Katherine permission. If I want to punish someone, I should direct to ......."

Charlotte, I must admit, I can't help but feel that you have an ulterior motive.

Of course, I was aware of the fact that this was not the right mood to tell her.

"Because I caused Desmond-sama unnecessary worry ...... because you was so concerned and worried about me, and I was so carefree ...... with Maia and Emily.

"Wait, wait! Charlotte, please don't cry! --I didn't mean to ......".

"I understand, I'm sorry."

She said, but Charlotte's shoulders slumped and she looked dejected.

I didn't want to see that look on her face. And it should have been me who was to blame.

Without much thought, I had accepted the right to the first night with the excuse of sympathy and the difference in position between a noble and a commoner, But as I thought about the future, my feelings for her and her feelings for me clashed with each other.

In the past, I thought we just wanted to love each other, and we were trying to love each other, despite putting our feelings into words, why do we feel so distant even though we are so close?

It is only now, when we are really to be in love, that we realize the distance between us that cannot be closed. Why is it so difficult to simply love each other?

".......Desmond"

".......Charlotte"

We were now facing each other with our naked bodies.

Since we had come to the bathhouse, Charlotte was now in her birth day suit.

We had nothing to hide from each other, our bodies had intertwined several times, and yet there was nothing more we could connect.

What should I do?

"I have a plan."

When we were wandering about how, The usual indifferent voice came to us.

We, naked, turned our heads towards her, who was also naked.

The maid, for the sake of the happiness of her master and lady, said her plan, still without emotion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Charlotte's graceful hands wrapped around mine. The large emerald eyes that looked up at me were filled with a lustful glow that twisted into a seductive shape, regardless of her young face.

The first thing that arouses my desire was Katherine who has set my lust on fire. and then the wife, who over the role of the maid to deal with the man man.

--to punish me.

Charlotte's eyes seemed to have not only a lustful glow but also a cruel "tinge" to them.

"This bad dick that claims to love me, yet aroused by other women? oh, you naughty man♡"

"Ugh!"

Charlotte squeezes her fingers a little tighter and moves her smooth fingers up and down.

Even though she was so cute, she was still a noblewoman.

Her noble blood, as a genuine noble, as someone who stands above the rest, it was in her nature to punish. I opened my legs apart and just gritted my teeth, moaning pitifully as the lady punished me.

'In that case, why don't you punish master?'

"Punishment ......" the wife said questioningly.

However, when she realized the maid's intentions, she gulped and slurped. This maid must have a deeper understanding of sexual techniques than her lady.

"Yes, a punishment."

Katherine said with her usual nonchalant and almost expressionless face.

"In the morning, it seems that the master punished my lady. If so, shouldn't the My lady have punish master in the same way?

Master also told me that in sexual art, there are not only methods for men to condone women, but also for women to condone men. Just what I had tried earlier seemed to be a form of punishment. Maybe master knows of a better punishment than that?

If so, please tell it to my lady----My lady wants her husband to behave. However, My lady is also concerned about him. Therefore, why don't my lady punish Master by using sexual activity?

Some aspects of sin can be removed by punishment.

If my lady punishes master with sexual arts to the extent that he gives in to the pleasure of my lady rather than the pleasure of performing sexual arts on other women, it will relieve both the pent-up frustration of the lady and the guilt of master himself. In addition, my lady will be able to make her husband fall in love with her more. They say that the greater the obstacle to love, the more it will grow.

This is what this foolish maid is thinking."

Forgetting the dignity of a nobleman and my position as a lord, I couldn't stop my mouth from hanging open at the maid's speech.

It's not a bad idea, it's not a stupid idea, it's the best idea that I want to bow down and praise. --I mean, it's made sense too, It must have been one of the only (or maybe not the only) brilliant ways to have sex that I myself hadn't noticed.

In fact, I was so upset because I can't think about it sooner.

At the suggestion of the maid, the husband turned his azure eyes toward the wife, and the emerald eyes glanced back at him as well. There was a glow of lust in them that could not be hidden, even though they were shaken with bafflement.

They were shaking violently and morbidly.

"Desmond-sama If you look at me like that, I won't be able to stop, you know?"

"Uh!"

The sweetness of Charlotte's grip on my heart was so overwhelming that I could not help but moan and let her do whatever she wanted.

With the overflow of shame as a lubricant, Charlotte looked up at me with a lecherous gaze as she continued to torment me with her nipping and sucking. Her slutty erotic side had already picked up on my weaknesses, and she hadn't forgotten to perform the lewd tricks I had told her about this morning.

She plays around with my son, rolls my balls, squeezes my cock with her fingers in a ring. Then she rubs her fingers up and down the glans, which is dripping with juice.

If I teach a new thing here, it will no longer be possible for me to beat her. However - I will be rewarded with more punishment.

"Perhaps it's time you teach me something else, right? Desmond-sama"

Her emerald eyes had the lustful glow of a predator, something that even the most beautiful and adorable baby face cannot defy.

"I'm sure Desmond-sama knows of other ways to punish besides rubbing his dick with this hands. Besides, I need to drown you in me. I'd like to learn a lot from you."

" Oooh ......"

The wriggling of her fingers, not in the usual loving way of trying to make me feel good, but in a stronger, more controlling way. She seemed to know how to cross the line between caress and punishment with the same movement. What a genius.

Gulp.

I swallowed down a mouthful of saliva and said

"So, then ...... can you lick me? Lick, kiss, suck and ......."

"Fue!?"

And the surprised look on her face was the usual Charlotte one.

--Un, cute, so cute.

I knew I had to do something, but I couldn't help but be smitten.

"Sorry, that's a bit.... if you don't want to then......."

"So, is this supposed to be a punishment?"

"Yeah, it's definitely something that feels good, but if it's done in this way ......."

Charlotte seemed to notice what I was saying.

"Well, Desmond-sama certainly looks comfortable, but at the same time, he looks very pained. Somehow I think I'm beginning to understand what you mean by sexual punishment. It can be pleasant, it can be painful, it can be difficult, it can be pleasurable. You can punish by manipulating the stimulus you give to your partner.

Desmond always does things to make me feel good, but sometimes he can be very mean. When he licked mine, for example ...... Hmm."

I was horrified by the expression that appeared on her face.

And Charlotte, aren't you understanding too quickly? I didn't even put it into words yet The erotic potential of this slutty wife is throught the roof.......

Her platinum blonde wavy hair and beautiful, pretty baby face made her look not only like she was about 20 years old, but even like a girl. Her emerald eyes looked up at me with a lascivious glow.

She looked like a Eros fairy that I should not have awakened.

"Mmm... Them I will humiliate you, Desmond-sama."

*lick*

"Ohhhh!" As soon as the cute tongue touched my rod, something popped inside me. My hips and rod bounced uncontrollably, and a sharp but sweet numbness ran from my core all the way up my spine, causing my thighs to buckle and shake.

"It's really a punishment. You're so cute. Flick, flick."

"Haa haa haa"

In the sweet sensuality of being smeared with burning poison, there is no longer any sense of noble or lord dignity. The only thing I can do now is to just let myself be pampered. ......

*slurp* *slurp*

With her graceful fingers holding both my cock and balls, she let her lovely tongue crawl over the ugly, veiny flesh. As her tongue wriggled and probed, I was very aware that this was the first time she had ever performed such an indecent act.

"*jub* *slurp* *lick* I can feel Desmond's muscle, heat, and firmness clearly. And yet, he still twitches, so cute.

It tastes so strange. It's bitter and fishy ......, but when I think that this is Desmond...... hah,......, it's so wonderful. Why didn't you tell me about this sooner? ...... glub, glub."

Breathing feverishly and becoming more and more euphoric, she crawls her tongue and kisses me on the tips. Each time, I moan pitifully, raise my chin, and spill the filth of submission from the tips of my flesh, twitch and shudder with pleasure.

"Ugh ...... not good Charlotte, I knew a beautiful woman like you shouldn't be licking this stuff. I knew I shouldn't have taught you this. ohh ......"

"What are you saying, Desmond-sama? Desmond-sama doesn't have a choice now. Isn't thisa punishment? Or...--do you want to stop it here?"

"――――――"

"Hmmm. Desmond-sama is a good boy to accept his punishment. Then I will have to pat you on this head *lick* *lick* It has a much stronger taste and smell here. But I do not hate it. ......*slurp*!"

"ohhh, ugh, ......."

the glan is seared with a slippery flame, the pleasure, immorality, and lewdness. this is too much for me. I started to move my hips in an attempt to escape.

I hadn't expected blowjobs to be so good.

Charlotte's blowjob must still be a bit poor since it was her first time. Still, even though I had already done it several times with her, this was a different kind of sensuality than what I was used to.

It is not an act to make a child, but an act of seeking pleasure. Licking the genitals is a kind of perversion that even animals don't do, but only humans with well-developed intelligence can do. In the original world, I heard that apes called Bonobo did this as a form of communication, but I don't think they would have done it as a form of punishment.

The thin fingers holding up the meat pole, softly kneading the balls, the pretty tongue flickering from the pink lips, and twisting around the ugly male organ. The sensuality of a hot, wet female tongue on soft, moist, dainty lips. Her wavy platinum blonde hair is swaying, and her beautiful and pretty babyface, which could be mistaken for a girl's, has a murky clear stained on her cherry blossom-tinted cheeks.

This is an act that stains her beauty.

And it's being done to punish me.

I exhaled a hot breath and was intoxicated by this immoral, blasphemous sensuality. My cock was already hard and raging, yet this is so sweet and debauched.

"Chu"

"Ohhhh!"

Charlotte put her lips on tips and sucked up the overflowing filth from my urethra.

--I hadn't taught her anything like this, and the thought of teaching her anymore scared the hell out of me.

I wondered if it was because my "chicken sense" was afraid of her erotic potential that I hadn't taken the plunge into teaching her fellatio.

The first thing I did was to sit back and finally take a break.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Katherine, would you mind holding Desmond for me?"

"What?"

I couldn't believe my ears.

"Understood."

I was taken aback, but Katherine approached me, her small breasts jiggling. This maid has a cold and beautiful face. Her reddish hair is down and she has taken off her maid's uniform, but her loyalty to obey Charlotte and hold down her master is the ultimate epitome of a maid. and with her brown eyes, she has been watching the master being punished by the wife from the very beginning.

She was staring

She continued to stare at me.

'By the way, I have been authorized by Sir Randolph to discipline Master. I must correct him if he plays mischief with his wife outdoors, as he did today. If you want to do it with someone, do it to me instead. I hope you will allow me to observe for future situations.'

She had given me permission to do so.

If I were to do what I wanted, then perhaps - no, definitely - I would have that relationship with her. and I think Charlotte would approve as well.

--Of course, the first time I ejaculate into another vagina is after Charlotte is pregnant.

I can perform sexual arts on other women. also getting punished by Charlotte,

I am so excited about this idea. --It was in this moment that I was struck by the realization that I was more of a womanizer than I thought. I didn't want to find out, or rather, I was just avoiding it.......

"How may I help you, master? if you want me to stop, I will."

Katherine asked with a cold stare. I just nodded silently. If she was a first-class maid, she could understand me.

"Excuse me then."

She hugged my sides, pressed her petite and naked breasts against me. ---the softness of a woman, against my back. and she strangled me with her arms. Needless to say, my stupid meat rod stiffened in such a situation.

" Desmond? Your meat stick just twitched. Humph, in the middle of your punishment, your dick responding to a woman other than me-- *lick* *schlick* --- The smell and bitterness are getting stronger,......, don't you know that you are being scolded? So it means this is not good enough.

The pink tongue danced on Charlotte's lips, which should have been pretty and petal-like, now distorted with debauchery. When I realized what she was going to do, my cock jerked and swelled, drooling lustfully from the tip, as if to urge her to go on.

"Oh, you are so perverse. I must discipline you too, not just punish you. Are you ready, Desmond? Now, let's eat. haamu~"

My wife, with her childlike face that could be mistaken for a young girl. Her lips now spread like flower petals, and a damp, warm air came from deep within, gushing over the tips of my flesh.

"Mmm♡"

"Mmm, ohhh! Charlotte, Charlotte!"

I was being sucked off by my beloved wife. I was so aroused by this situation. The maid strangled me from behind, and the mouth of my wife tortured my unfaithful cock that reacts to other women. Guilt, immorality, pride, happiness, and pleasure all spiraled together, acting like a drug that made my breathing and heart beat wildly.

"Mmm, chup ......."

Charlotte closed her eyes and nipped her lips. And then, slickly, a pink tongue begins to wriggle behind the lips that have been twisted into my shape. as if she was tasting me.

tea, cookies, or strawberries.

Only something so lovely, so sweet, so elegant like that was allowed to touch her lips and tongue, and only such a thing should she have tasted.

With her eyes closed and her cheeks cherry-red, she took my ugly manhood into her mouth.

*slurp* *slurp*

Her tongue began to twirl around my girth.

"Oh, oh, oh!"

I felt the pre-cum exit my urethra as it spurted into Charlotte's mouth. even though I wasn't really cumming yet. But it feel so good. I felt guilty that I was defiling her, Even though I'm in the process of corrupting her before this.

"Chup, ngh ......"

She swallowed my pre-cum as it gushed into her mouth. She must have remembered that I was happily drinking her love juice. She didn't care how embarrassed she was ...... - if I fuck her, she'll fuck me back.

"Hah, oh ......."

I began to shake my hips as Katherine choked me from behind.

The maid's strength is like a vise grip, and this is definitely coming from <body enhancement>. She might see the shameful state of her master, but it was too late for that now. Besides, I was beginning to feel that I wanted her to see me.

"Oh, haaa......, Charlotte, lick, suck, and swallow deeper, And move your head up and down, so I can feel you even better ......."

"Fufu, Well, you've been very honest with me Desmond. You are so cute. Please tell me more about what you want me to do. I'll let Katerine do it too if Desmond wants her to. and of course, if Katheine accepts. ――Hamu. chu. Hmm ... It's getting bitterer and fishier ...

But when I think that this is Desmond's...... I can't help but think ...... Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm.......I will be able to make him feel better and better, and he will drown in me. This is a punishment after all,"

"Ooh, ooh ...... that's good, Charlotte, that feels good ...... ooh, ooh ......."

*glug... glug...chub....chub...slurp*

Charlotte sucked on my manhood and passionately shoved her face into it. She twirled her tongue in a slippery, slurping pattern and sucked on it so hard that her cheeks sunken. Her slick white forehead is covered with sweat, her wavy platinum blonde hair is shaking, and her large emerald eyes give me a seductive stare.

"Oh, ......, Charlotte, oh, oh!"

I clenched my fists and shuddered.

The maid behind me kept me from backing away, the feeling of lewdness was almost too much for me. Besides, she was a captivating woman too. Even though she is small in size, her breasts crush my back and the thick pubic hair that touches my buttocks. it stirs up a sense of immorality and lusciousness.

Even the quintessential Katherine seemed to feel something in this situation, and her breath against my ear was sweet and hot. And my wife's oral sex was...

If I look at her face, I can see that she is still not used to it. Her lips slid over my flesh in an awkward rhythm, occasionally choking as she did so. The feeling of inexperience was irresistible. In addition, whether she realizes it or not, her ample buttocks are shaking lewdly, and at the tip of her full, bouncing breasts, the buds of her lust are swollen and peeking out in a cute but immoral way.

"Huh ...... ugh!" I know my voice is quite pathetic right now, but it was this good.

"Master, is there anything you would like me to do for you?"

Katherine's voice sank into my brain from my ear.

"I, too, am interested in the sexual arts, both doing and receiving. Master, if there is anything I can do for you, please let me know. I'd like to make you feel it too."

"Kuuuhhh......" --Oh no, I can't stop the feeling that creeping in my back. Besides, my back is moist and sweaty when I'm in close contact with Katherine, and it gives me a more lewd feeling.

"Chupaa........Desmond, don't be afraid to ask, because Katherine has already said so. If you feel any guilt..."

--If you're feeling guilty, I'll make sure you get all the pleasure you deserve.

"Slurp slurp Shlorp"

"Oooohhhhh!"

Her erotic potential is set in stone. She was like a fairy of eroticism that has learned her power through actual combat how to make me feel, how to make me aroused, With her platinum blonde hair flowing gracefully, she flies lewdly and daintily across the battlefield that is the bathroom.

"Ahhhhhhh ..."

You'd think that she couldn't possibly do such a thing for her first blowjob, but the erotic brain on board makes her bob her head, suck, twirl her tongue, use her finger to jerk the root, roll my balls, and send me on a wild ride in all directions. It's mesmerizing.

I no longer knew what was going on with the intensive fire that was being unleashed on my entire male organ. And for the maid behind me.

"Li.. lick my ears. I want you to lick my ears. And touch my nipples. ......"

"Very well, master. *lick* *lick* ......

"Fuu... oh..."

The first-class maid answered the master's request order precisely, licking, kissing my ears and inserting her tongue into my ear hole. and her slender fingers rolled over my left and right nipples.

"I felt the nipples start to harden. If I may be so presumptuous of me but I think I should lick the nipples too. My tongue is better than my fingers. ......"

This maid also has a high level of commitment. "Oh, oh ....... Please ......."

But due to the burning lust was so strong because my wife was sucking my cock. I blurted out.

"Katherine, can I kiss you?"

As soon as I asked.

*slurp!*

"Ooooh!"

I moaned as my wife suck harder, but my mouth was tightly sealed by the maid. I struggle to stick my tongue out.

"H......n......"

*Twitch*

With a faint shiver, Kathrine accepted my tongue. However, they only lightly touched each other and quickly parted.

"Now, if you excuse me..."

"Ohhhh!"

Katherine's tongue wrapped around and touched my nipple. She licked and licked.

*Slurp slurp*

Charlotte, who seemed to be slowly getting the hang of it, began to move her face vigorously. With each breath, a sweet, sharp numbness shakes through me as if to tear me apart.

――Guh, uh, uh ... it's no good, I'm about to cum ...

"Charlotte, it's time to take your mouth off my--"

As soon as I said that

Her emerald eyes formed an enchanting crescent moon.

"Hmmm!"

Intense vacuum suction.

The sensation of being sucked out.

"Whoa, Ohhh Charlotte! Oh, Charlotte!

"Mmmmmm, hmm!"

splut! splut!

Before I knew it, I had ejaculated into Charlotte's mouth.

--haa haa ....... I should not have stained the mouth of such a lovely and beautiful woman with this white, murky thing ......

*twitch* *twitch*

And the meat cannon that should have been punished by her, stains the inside of her mouth as if taunting her.

"Pfft! cough! Hah, haaaaaah!"

The force was too much for Charlotte, and she pulled the meat stick away from her mouth. She was drenched in semen, and my uncontrollable cock was mercilessly sprinkled her with more white slime.

*splut!* *splut!*

Whether it's on her pretty baby girl face or her wavy noble platinum blonde hair, I'm marking her, bathing her in my color.

I'll never forget this scene for the rest of my life.

I sprinkle myself on my beloved wife, defiling her, corrupting her, staining her with my filth, as a man should.

Even though it was immoral, I wanted to sprinkle her more and more.

I didn't think I had such a vicious stupor lurking inside me.

But I can't.

I can't stop.

I don't want to stop!

I want to defile her with me, just like this!

I was so aroused by my desire to have her all to myself, that my ejaculation continued to come out for a long while.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"This is the seed that ejaculated into my vagina. Hot, bitter, thick, and fishy ......."

Charlotte spits the cum in her mouth into the palm of her hand and played with it. I watched the scene with a hardening cock.

"Hmm, Desmond's dick is still hard."

Her mouth twisted in a lascivious way that made me wince. She smiled and began to prod and nudge me.

There's no way my stupid son won't get soft on Charlotte.

" Oh, that's very cute. How did you feel about your punishment, Desmond-sama?"

"............ wonderful."

--No,no,no!

It was wonderful, of course, it was wonderful, I was actually thinking about asking Charlotte to give me a blowjob, but I couldn't bring myself to actually do it, so I was rather grateful that she beat the cowardness out of me. But this...

You're right, Katherine, if I feel guilty about letting Desmond have his way with other people, I will punish him for his guilt. And for my part, I will be able to use my jealousy as a good excuse to make him fall in love with me even more."

She reached out her fingers gently and poked the underside of the pillar of flesh.

*poke* *poke*

And then she began to torture me again.

"Oh......."

"When Desmond kissed Katherine, I couldn't help but feel a little overwhelmed."

"Oh, I'm sorry......."

When the head of the rod is squeezed with a resentful hand, my flesh twitches and tremble, and a thrill runs up my spine.

"No, I don't blame you. Desmond wanted to do it, so he did it. And Katherine agreed to it...Hmm. All I have to do is drown Desmond-sama more and more."

The unscrupulous meat is being squeezed by her soft hand. *fap* *fap* I'm getting a little impatient.

--Oh, no, this is getting addictive.

"Desmond-sama? Your hips are moving."

My wife, who was giggling and laughing, looked as adorable as a little girl. I don't know how many people would believe me if I told them that her real age was approaching 30s.

But she is a mature demoness in her own right. there's a difference between what she is appeared to the outside and the one that torments and pleasures the man right now.

The way her face and hair were still bathed in my white fluid, and the way her hands were happily playing with my meat rod while it was still covered in mess. It looks like I've unleashed a seal on the fairy of eros that should never be awakened.

"Charlotte, I think you must feel sticky and unpleasant and may be smelly too. Let me wash you with hot water, and rinse your mouth."

"No. I as already mentioned. It's definitely fishy and sticky and strange, but I'd like to bathe in it more when I think about the fact that it's from Desmond. I have no trouble taking it in my mouth. Although I was surprised by the force and the amount of it earlier."

That's my dearest wife right there.

'How embarrassing'

what's the difference between being embarrassed and being ashamed?

So I want to push it...

"I wonder if you would be willing to swallow my semen?"

"eh?"

--Unh, cute, so cute.

She looks as pretty as usual. Even though she's been stained and still dripping with my cum.

"............ Is that what you want, Desmond?"

"............ Ah."

I nodded seriously, a hint of anticipation blending with my anxiety......

"Should I be allowed to drink this?"

"------."

"I'll take Desmond's seed, then. Hmm, *lick*....... *glup* ....... It's bitter and sticky ....... not very tasty. But ...... ha, the feeling...... is quite addictive........"

Charlotte wiped away the white slime from the rod that she had been playing with, then lovingly cleaned it off her palm, her face, and her hair, before bringing it to her pretty lips and taking it into her mouth.

The lustful sound of the licking was enough to incite me to lust, and when I thought that it was being played to taste and swallow my filth, there was no way that my towering pillar of flesh would wilt.

I knew I shouldn't have awakened this Eros Fairy....

No way, is this why there's no Eros in this world? If this is the case, then I'm going to use this special ingredient to awaken the appetites of these women that must not be awakened.

--Unh, I shouldn't do that.

"Hou hou"

The woman's face was ecstatic and she breathed out a hot, burning breath.

I was horrified at the sight of her acting like a sex demon, but then again, she was my beloved wife, Charlotte. Now that I was punished, I wanted to thank her for punishing me.

So, just like that, in the bath--

But then...

" Madam, I see that your husband's penis is still strong and hard. If you allow it, could you please allow me to serve him?"

The maid has joined the party.

／

Of course, my wife gave her permission.

She said it was a reward for coming up with a great idea to solve our problem, and I also hoped it would be the first step in opening up to her.

So...

"Hmph, *suck* *suck*!"

"Ahh, haaaaahhhh. this is......This is so insulting ......, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!

I was lying on my back with Katherine sucking on my cock and Charlotte straddling my face. My cock is wrapped in the luscious burning mouth, I bury my face in the woman's nectar, holding my wife's firm thighs.

Charlotte, of course, was in heat, riding me. Her thighs clasped my cheeks, and when she came hard on me, I couldn't help but feel her aroma swelling in my nostrils and all over my face.

I took ,deep breaths over and over again, enjoying the feel of her platinum blonde hair as I tried to fill my lungs with Charlotte's scent instead of oxygen, and moistened my throat with the overflowing love juice.

--Delicious, Charlotte's soup is like a heavenly nectar~!

The more I slurp the richer the scent and taste becomes, and the more my tongue gets entangled in this woman's lewd stickiness, the more I find myself yearning for more from my beloved wife.

"Hah, ah, ah. This is not a punishment for anymore Desmond, but a reward for me......Ahh, ahhhhh!"

My wife who is sitting on my face said. It's a shame that I can't see her face from this position, because her face is blocked by her big, white twin hills. Her beautiful and pretty face must be whimpering like a little girl. Her pale pink nipples were still erect from the time she licked and sucked my cock, and whenever her flesh began to flex and dance, the surge of her lust rose.

--I'm telling you now, Charlotte, it's a reward.

That's good. good wife who punished the bad husband must be rewarded with even greater punishment.

*lick*

I sank my tongue into her vagina.

"Ahhhhhh!"

*Squish!*

Her thighs clamp down on my head with a crushing force, and the nectar pours down my throat.

Charlotte is literally drowning me (physically).

Charlotte's juices are as delicious as ever. *slurp slurp* *sip sip*

"Ohhhhhh! You can't just flick your tongue like that! Aaahhhh～～～～! Desmond's, Desmond's tongue is swirling in my secret place. Hmmm, haaaaaaa ～～～～!"

Charlotte was shaking her hips and pressing her crotch against my head, but when I was on my back, there was a good mat underneath me. And I've already use 【physical enhancement】

Even for the sake of eroticism, why would one want to take the weight of a human being on my head alone? However, even if I am willing to take it, I am still scared, so I strengthened my body, and with my whole body and not just my whole face, I felt Charlotte crushing me and feeling her.

For me, even if I was a nobleman or a lord, I still willing with just lying on the bathroom tiles as a play thing (if you strengthen your body, you won't be in pain), but as a first-class maid, She took out a mat from her the first-class maid 【storage】.

I like that type of magic .......

--But I can't use it.

The wife rode my face, and the maid put her face between my legs and served me with her hands and mouth.

Aside from the fact that Charlotte's pussy juice is delicious, this maid's service was also top-notch.

You've never really done anything like this before?

I can't help but think.

Well, with such a keen eye and insight, she could easily perform it right on the first try, If it hadn't been for the fact that my wife hadn't drained me first, I'm pretty sure I would have already cum. If that had happened, I would be in trouble. I am going to get punished by my wife again.

However, I think it is one thing to be drowned by a woman's sexual prowess, but another to be drowned by the woman herself. I'm going to drown myself in Charlotte.

"*slurp slurp*!"

"Ohhhh! Aahhhh! Desmond-sama!"

When the honey gushes out, I move my head to lick up her vagina and peel and roll the exposed beat with my tongue.

"Huh! Unh! Unh! Oh, Desmond-sama, that feels so good....... Ahhhhhh!"

I can't stop the vile arousal of my wife as she twists around, tightening her thighs around my face and chirping. The maid's mouth and hands caught the hard, muscular, and burning arousal of my lower body, and continued to serve me.

"Hmmm......, *suck*, *suck*......, *slurp*......, *shlurp*, *shlurp*......."

Crap, haaaaaa ......, crap, so good ...... this is so good...... ugh .......

My hips wriggled pathetically. As if to cover it up - of course, I don't think I could have fooled Katherine, but at least I could have fooled Charlotte? -- holding Charlotte's thighs and shaking my face to torture her. But still.

"Hmmm. ngh, hmfg, mnf, slurp, sluuurp"

--Katherine, you're really good at this .......

"Ugh......."

She carefully studies her mistress's hand and mouth techniques, my reactions, and requests, and from the feel of her own hands on me, she knew exactly what to do, even though there was a difference between her and my wife's hand and mouth. The idea of having a maid perform the ejaculation control duties excites me, An ideal dream of men who want to become the master of a maid. Or, to put it another way, She could do everything and I wouldn't be able or willing to resist. It's something along the line of "teasing" or "Orgasm denial" The man getting constantly tortured. She would give him pleasure, but would not let him reach ejaculation and like some murder mystery novel, she was able to capture her master's by sticking his meat inside of her.

As a maid, this service was like a role model, but it was also a skill that showed me the horror of indulging in pleasure.

It was more than a little scary that this was her first time. Is she also a Eros fairy?

"Unh!"

She licks up and down the shaft, then sucks on the head, letting the air flow out of her mouth as she uses her tongue like a snake. All the while, she gently rubs my balls.

When I felt her lips move up and down on my cock, I could feel her chubby lips kissing and licking around my glans. When she sucked the pre-cum out of the top, she went up and down on the sensitive rod with a soft, delicate touch of her tongue, making it twitch and jerk. Then, while sucking and licking the balls, she pumped the rod with her tender hands and teasingly rubbed the tip mouth with her fingers.

I can't help but wonder if the maid's duties included sexual services, after all, one of the maid's aptitudes is to reading her master's sexual desires.

When I thought about that she sucked the tip into her mouth, she stayed there and used her lips to nibble on my head and massage my urethra with her tongue, sucking, nibbling and playing with my glans.

It was so intense that I need to clutch Charlotte's thighs in my hands and shuddered as I slurped up her nectar, pressing my face against the thick, juicy, platinum blonde pubic hair that reeked of a woman's lewdness.

"Ahhhh, dear, dear, dear ......," Charlotte chirps.

"*sip* *sip* *slurp*"

The maid saw the right moment and moved her head. The woman's lips glided over my skin. I bury my face in Charlotte's crotch as she does the same to me, my quivering cock spewing pre-cum into the maid's mouth. I felt my balls getting wet as she rolled them around. The lewd juices mixing with Katherine's saliva were dripping down to my anus.

"slurp, slurp, slurp, chup, chup, chup, ......, chu, chu. relo, relo, churro. ......"

Ohhhh, this is .......

The maid's slurping and groping morphed into different kinds of stirrings before I began to get used to it, making the master moan toward the wife's vagina. Katherine rubbed the tips of my flesh against the cheek and then also swallowed it to the root until she buried her nose in my pubic hair.

I really can't believe that this was derived from observation and insight alone. A first-class maid's【presence sense】is to be feared. ...... Is the rank really not an EX skill?

"Mmm, mmm, slurp, slurp......"

Damn it, damn it ......, no, no ......no more ......!

Instead of letting it burned. She use a skillful control of the heat and let it cook slowly inside and crispy on the outside.

"Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh!"

I bucked my hips.

"!"

To my surprise, she carried me up by my thighs, like I was doing to Charlotte, and swallowed the entire volume down her throat. Her cheeks squeezed together and her mouth clamped shut as if it were my penis case, my cock sleeve. And then.

*suck* *suck*

--She sucks it all in.

"Mwah! Mmmmmmm!"

I was screaming into Charlotte's vagina.

Squish! Squish!

splurt splurt splurt splurt!

The meat cannon exploded wildly in the maid's mouth, as she sucked it into her mouth hungrily.

"Haaah, haaah ......"

I was breathing hard and deep into Charlotte's pussy, and spitting filth into Katherine's throat.

The volume, consistency, thickness, and heat of the semen was on par with what I had just sprayed Charlotte.

"Nk......, nk......, nk......."

--She is drinking ......, Charlotte, and I can't see her because of her pussy, but I can feel her throat ...... she is swallowing what I ejaculated.

She is drinking a lot of it.

I ejaculated and gave Katherine the taste of her master's cum.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh......."

Charlotte, who was still straddling my head, was spurting honey and coming at the same time I ejaculated. This makes me feel like I'm ejaculating into Charlotte's vagina instead of Katherine's mouth.

As soon as I ejaculated into Katherine's mouth, she swallowed it, not even let a single drop out. She even sucked out what was left in my urethra and cleaned up the dirty rod with her tongue and lips.

It's not just about perfection anymore.

"*pop*."

And as her lips parted from the half-flaccid meat rod.

"So this is what Desmond-sama taste like. Certainly not delicious, but..."

--I thoroughly enjoyed it. --fufu.

eh, really!? Katherine laughed? Moreover, swallowing my semen?

I wanted to see it! I wanted to see the smile on your face! But...

"Then, I'll be leaving. It seems that the two of you have solved your problems for the time being, so the rest is up to the two of you--" The smart maid did not show any lingering emotion, instead she bowed condescendingly and gracefully and walked away.

What was left was the wife who was riding her husband's face, and the husband who was left with the wife riding him and breathing hard as his face was crushed between her legs with his half-erect penis.

Just the two of us.

Our lewd breaths echoed loudly in the bathroom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah! There, there, there, Desmond! Aah, I-I can't get enough being penetrated and rub there! Hahi aaaaahhh!"

The surface of the water ripples and Charlotte's charming voice reverberates in the bathroom.

I repeatedly move in and out of her hold, smacking her voluptuous white ass with my pelvis as she puts her hands on the edge of the bathtub.

"Charlotte's pussy is so tight, it feels so good. The more I fuck it, the better it feels, and it's my exclusive pussy that is tailored just for me!"

I squeeze and knead her tight ass and spread it open, a lovely pink bud twitches above my manhood while I pull in and out of her flirtatious flesh.

"Ha-ha-ha, I can see it Chalotte, I can see everything."

"Oh, no, ♡. Desmond-sama you pervert ♡♡♡. Ahhhhhhhh!"

"Uguu!"

She wiggles her hips and slams her ass into me. Which one of us is the pervert?

I pushed my hips into her and stirred her inside. Then she screamed in ecstasy and rubbed her ample ass against mine. The folds of her vagina tightened fiercely. making a cute Kyun Kyun ♡ noise.

It's just like her.

Then I press my face against her soft back and lick between her shoulder blades.

"Ahh ......hah ......."

*lick* *lick* *lick*

And with a tongue like an animal, I taste my wife's youthful back, crawl along her neck, and bite it lightly before licking her ear.

"Ahhh, haaaan......."

I was loving the way she writhed in my arms, I scooped up her ample breasts from underneath and rubbed my fingers into them. and squeeze her nipples as I pushed in deeper and deeper, making her nipple more erected.

"Oh, haaaa, Desmond......, my nipples, my nipples, oh, I can feel it!...so good."

"Then feel it more."

"Ahhhhh!"

When I pinched it, she jerked and jumped like a struggling fish. But there was no way she was going to escape my net.

"You have a really naughty body." I said, moving my hips while squeezing her nipples. "Charlotte's body seems to never seems to get enough of me, no matter how many times I hold you."

'Nuh-uh ......, I'm so happy to hear that from you, Desmond-sama♡."

She placed one hand behind her back skillfully, pulled my jaw in as if she were holding a wine glass, and put her lips over mine. Her tongue, like a snake of lust, immediately crawled in, invading my mouth.

Entangled in lust, we devoured each other and sought each other out. Swallowing each other's saliva and exchanging it.

"Chupu......"

Our tongues bade each other farewell as our lips parted, the emerald eyes with a hint of pleasure staring at me up close.

"I know that despite all of this, Desmond-sama still wants to embrace other women too."

"That's ......."

Even though I have made up my mind, I was still flustered. I mean, is there any man who can remain unfazed in this situation?

"--Hmmm," her mouth twisted into a lewd grin.

"Hah ♡♡"

Charlotte bit my nose. Once she was done with my nose and licking my nostrils, I was dazzled by the rapid rise in her levels. No way, licking my penis and swallowing my seed has unleashed something in her?

Raising sexual skill by drinking my semen just sounds so slutty, but I'm glad that she's getting closer and closer to me.

She continued to lick my nose, and her tongue even penetrates my nostrils.

After getting my whole nose sticky with her saliva, she finally lets go.

Her saliva is just normal saliva, but why does it smell so good?

"It seems that Desmond-sama prefers get punished, after all."

"I don't deny it."

*squeeze*

I pulled her nipples hard and slammed her vagina hard. Charlotte giggled as she made a lusty yet beautiful sound.

"Of course I like to see your pretty figure."

"Geez..." she said with a blush on her cheeks.

".....I want see Desmond's face as we connect."

"well, we just have to stay connected then."

"Ummmm♡"

I hold her legs and flip her body over while keeping ourself from unbonding I sat down in the tub and she spread her legs wide while still impaled by me.

"Hmmm...mmm.... It's...... so deep ...... besides.... looking at you like this ....... ......."

"You're aroused, aren't you? Charlotte's pussy is telling my dick that she really likes it. Ohhhh ...... it's so tight ...... I can't resist it."

"Geez♡ hah, n...... I love you, Desmond-sama......."

"Me too, Charlotte...... you're the only one in my heart."

Then she slid her arm around my shoulder and.

"u-fufu"

She laughed with a lewd look on her face.

"That won't do, Desmond-sama."

She rocked her hips against me, using our connected pelvis as a fulcrum. She had a beautiful, childishly pretty face, and even though she was twenty-nine years old, she could have been mistaken for being twenty or even a girl. but the way she look at me.......

"Kuh!"

The tightness of the finest vaginal folds accompanied by swaying hips made the surface of hot water rippling, and the enchanting twin white island that has risen to the surface is bobbing and swaying lewdly.

At the tip of the island is an erect, light pink nipple.

"Hah, ah ......"

She pressed her ample flesh against my chest and blew her lewd, hot, sweet breath into my ear.

She radiates a fragrant sexiness that makes me seriously wonder that if she is really the same person I know from before.

"Oh ...... Desmond's dick is getting hotter, harder and bigger .......oh, it feels so good ......oh, I'm so full from being penetrated by your cock .......oh, Aaah ......."

Her platinum blonde hair was wet as she shimmied over me, brushing against my cheek and arousing me further.

"Ugh......."

I couldn't believe the amount of pleasure I was getting inside her vagina.

What--what the hell is this?

*squeeze**squeeze**squeeze*

The opening, the middle, and the back.

Those three spots tightened up and tormented my meat pole.

"fufufu, you sound so pleasant."

"Aaahhh ......, this is absurd....so good ......."

"I'm glad to hear that. It was the result of me thinking about how I could make Desmond's meat rod to feel even better. Nnghhhhhhhh......."

"Ohhhh ......" is it possible to be able to do this kind of thing just because you thought about it?

-- or rather, have you thought about this kind of erotic thing the whole time?

The lewd potential of this quintessential wife is tremendous.....

I must say that this is a lot more firepower than it is necessary. While tightening and undulating her hips, Charlotte admonishes me.

"I told you that even if Desmond-sama used his sexual techniques on another woman, I would give him even more pleasure and let him drown himself in me. It's true that as soon as I thought of that, I felt a bit of jealousy.

--It seemed to spice up my love for Desmond wonderfully. So, when you use the techniques on another woman, please love her properly too, even if it's just for that one time. *flic* *lick* *chuu*"

"Oooohhhh........"

Charlotte whispered in my ear, her tongue crawling into my ear as she said that while rocking her hips, and her vagina【three spot tightening】clamped itself around me.

"It would be disrespectful to the other woman if you didn't."

"But--"

"No 'but' *chuu* *lick* "

"Oooooh. ......"

"you don't have to worry about it, Desmond-sama. I can feel that you love me the most, whether we are doing this or not. It's as if something is connected between us"

I was aware of that feeling, too.

Oddly enough, I could read her mood and what she was thinking. with reasonably accurately at the least.

Charlotte put her arm around my back.

She clung to me lovingly. --No, it is more correct to say that I was entangled with her.

"So please love other women as well. These are Noblesse oblige that has been passed down to the Terrace family. My sister also....no, she is fine now. Desmond is the one who should love everyone, not just me."

Her emerald eyes were so ecstatic, she really mean it.

--Well, I don't want to be a jerk, but I'm not that much of a guy, you know?

I'm just a loser, a coward, a creep - but that doesn't mean I can't make a move on a woman by myself - also Grandpa Randolph, a man of great talent as he is, find something interesting in me, something that I didn't have....

"It's all fine, Because I believe in Desmond."

Charlotte, you just read my mind, didn't you?

I have no idea what is going on, but I do know one thing.

--This means that if one day I has a change of heart and don't love Charlotte anymore, she will know about it instantly. And at this rate, I get the feeling that this will not ended up as her killing me, but she will dyeing me in her color instead.

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't tempted by it, but still!!

How on earth do those emerald eyes reads me? Well, I can sense that she likes me, but I don't know - or maybe I just don't understand. Well, whatever.

"But--"

my beloved wife Charlotte interrupted.

"first and foremost. I want you to love me, I might cry if you stop loving me. Although I know that such a thing is not possible, especially for Desmond-sama."

Instantly, she blushed and began to fidget, I know she believe me, and yet, she still worried about it.

That's come out of no where - you're already twenty-nine year old, please stop acting so cute.

"You're already twenty-nine year old Charlotte!"

"Hahyaaan! You can't move like that! Ahhhhhh!"

"I'm going to show you how much I love you, and I'm going to show your slutty body how much I want it!"

I let my fingers dig into her voluptuous buttocks, and then I put my lips on her neck and bit on it.

"Ahhhh! I am getting eaten by Desmond-sama ♡♡♡"

The moody atmosphere from earlier was nowhere to be found.

and that vaginal 【three spot tightening】 is still functional and active.

I buried my face in her ample breasts. and moving my hips

Haaaaan ......so good......Desmond's cock is stirring my flesh and rubbing the deepest part of me."

"I'm going to pour a lot in here."

"Aah, Thank you. Umm I love you, Desmond-sama♡"

"I love you too, Charlotte. Oh, it's so tight."

"Haaaaahhhh!"

The water surface ripples syncing with the gasps and moans of the men and women intertwine with each other.

We fucked in the tub over and over again, and I repeatedly ejaculated into Charlotte's vagina until her womb was filled to the brim with my cum.

Both of her inside and outside were painted with muddy liquid.

--But there was no sign that Charlotte had conceived this time either.

though I think she was steadily approaching her fertilization.

If that's the case, all I need to do was just pour it in and fuck her until she conceived. After all, we have only just begun.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm home. Has Desmond-sama enjoyed himself?"

The stout man walked through the front door said. He is a rugged-looking man, and while he may sound serious, his kindness seems to show on his face.

"I'm home~ mom, did Desmond-sama like our strawberries?"

"Oh, he was very pleased."

"That's great!"

"Ufufu" Maia's daughter giggles. this year she will be eleven. She came home with her husband, whom she married when she was sixteen.

"Mom, I'm hungry!"

"All right, all right, dinner's ready, so just go store your tools and come eat."

"Okay."

Maia is a country farm woman with wide shoulders and a strong build, though not as large as a man's. Her flaxen hair is braided and she is good-looking, as are many of the inhabitants of this world. Even so, her liveliness makes her so pleasant and reassuring to be around.

"If Desmond-sama had come, why didn't you call and let Hannah accompany him? We were talking about making him like her so that when the wedding night comes, Hannah would be able to receive his seed."

Her husband sat down in a chair in the living room, He talks so openly that even Hannah, at eleven years old, could hear it.

"Do you want Desmond to pour his seed in her first night right? At least you could have at least let her greeted him."

"No, You're lucky you weren't here, my hunch was right. It was Lady Charlotte who accompanied Desmond-sama today. And besides..."

Maia thinks of Emily. She is six and Hannah is eleven. At these ages, a one-year difference in age makes a big difference in how much they have grown. However, She doesn't think her daughter can compete with Emily, who was battling with Charlotte without hesitation today.

If they were standing side by side, their juvenility which should have been appropriate for their age would have been emphasized even more. In the past, Emily had always acted appropriately for her age in front of Desmond-sama. However, when her mortal enemy suddenly appeared, she could not help but shed her childish skin.

To be able to do that. While she's still a little girl...

--Is it because of her noble blood? No, the other "D. Children" don't seem to be like that, so--

"She finally looks at Desmond-sama!"

Hannah's eyes were rounded and bright, They are the eyes of a young and talkative girl. But Emily, who was even younger than that, gave off the image of a mature woman at that time.

――I'm glad my child is acting like her age.

Maia nodded knowingly and thought of Charlotte, his rightful wife. She was an old noblewoman, older than herself, but her youthfulness and cuteness were truly magical.

I've heard that the magic power can keep the body young, so maybe Emily.... whatever.

Thinking about it is pointless. Regardless of the fact that Maia is a citizen of the Aldora domain ruled by the heretic lord Desmond Damwead, she is neither a magician nor has knowledge of magic, and even if she can read and write, she is only a reasonably well-endowed farm woman.

"I expected her to be a bad person since I heard that she always closed the windows of her carriage when she passed through the estate. Despite staying in his house for so long, she refused to watch Desmond-sama's territory that he had worked so hard for, but - as you might expect from Desmond-sama's wife - she is a very good person, and I became her friend too."

"What? mother? With the lord's wife? Amazing!"

My daughter's eyes sparkled with admiration.

-Umu, this is how a child's reaction should be.

"Oh, Charlotte-sama also loves picture stories too. You know, she's acting like a little princess."

"Eh~" Hannah wanted to ask Maia more questions. But.

"Hey, it's good that you have a connection with Madame, but I heard that she is the daughter of an old noble house. What if someone like that made Desmond-sama stop accepting the first-night rights? Even though you say you are friends, these people are not the same as the revered Desmond-sama, who has personally arranged this territory for us. Although he could have been more domineering, yet he treated us as equals....... In reality, commoner like us is doomed if we offend a noble. Wasn't that madam the kind of person who might try to blow some words in Desmond-sama's ear?

What is more important for us is whether or not Hannah can be seeded by Desmond-sama and give birth to a child with magical powers."

Ha.

Maia lets out a sigh at her husband's words.

Such a hopeful, unrealistic dream.

Of course, having her daughter seeded by Desmond-sama is a dream come true. It is something that would not be possible if it's any other noble.

However that was his wife who Desmond-sama had been trying so hard to get. I don't know how things have been in the past, I knew she was not a bad person - I thought so after talking to her. but I can't judge the relationship between a married couple, especially when they are nobles, but from what I saw today, It seemed to me that it was Charlotte-sama is more in love with Desmond-sama.

There was certainly a possibility that she would ask him not to have children with anyone but herself, but ......

--Maia remembered what had happened today.

"I mean, it doesn't have to be Hannah that Desmond wants to bred."

For a moment, Her husband looked as if he didn't understand what she meant.

"Well, we do have another daughter, but I think Hannah should be our priority."

"fufu."

Maia laughed.

Her tone and expression while making that laugh can be described in one word.

--erotic.

She had the looks of a woman who should have been described as such, but this was a world without eroticism.

"What's wrong with you? grinning like that. that's creepy." her husband said.

--I'm sorry.

But well, It's can't be helped, It's all because of the new possibility she discovered, she said the next sentence with a blooming happy smile on her face.

"Perhaps I can get Desmond-sama to sire me as well."

"What? What are you talking about?" Sure enough, her husband looks puzzled and even dumbfounded.

But Maia's getting more excited. "I--I haven't decided on a date yet, but Charlotte-sama told me I could come to visit her at the mansion, And Charlotte-sama even told Desmond that he should try to breed me, even if it wasn't my first wedding night."

"------"

Maia struggles to hold back her giggles at the expression on her husband's face. Then she has to stop herself from overflowing with happiness and expectation.

"Well, Desmond-sama didn't approve of it right then and there, but he did allow me to go visit Charlotte-sama..... so .... maybe..."

"No way. You've already had three kids, you know that right? Not that I doubt that Desmond-sama would have wanted it, but...Even if he is quite unusual, he is still a nobleman and a lord.....but if.....but if it's Desmond-sama then..... "

Her husband hesitated, with a look of disbelief on his face.

When it comes to nobles, they usually do not accept even a request for first-night rights even from a virgin girl. However, one after another, he accepted them - and there was even "D. Children" that was impregnated on the same night.

According to the men in town, noble - no, Desmond-sama can impregnated several women in one night while we could only get one shot in a few days. How admirable!

In this world without eroticism, such action was something out of the ordinary, making one wonder if he's even a human...... thus make anyone who heard this rumor filled with awe and respect.

Still, this is a hole where She, a mere commoner with no other merit than working earnestly, and has penis inserted and ejaculated several times until she gave birth to three children. Such opportunity are not possible, even if heaven and earth were turned upside down.

Besides, Maia was already twenty-seven years old, in an environment with a high mortality rate from childbirth, having a child even at this age would be hard, but this was a town that was well supplied by Desmond-sama himself and had complete medical care.

After raising three children to this age, Maia did not think she would have any more children, and she was considered herself too old to conceive.

However, if the one doing it is the unusual Desmond...

It is not something to be laughed at, The husband pondered.

But he didn't know the fact is that Desmond is now a reincarnated lord who has regained the memory of his previous life, even if he was Desmond from before(not complete memory). With the common sense of his previous life, it is impossible to think of Maia as an old woman, but rather as a milf with three children, and she is only 30 years old!

In fact, He has a strong desire to be able to sow his seed in the married woman's womb.

"Well, to be honest, I don't think I'll ever be able to get him to really seed me. ....just maybe."

The husband breathed out a sigh as his wife cowered her shoulders. Maia can be sired by Desmond-sama. It was something that he could never have hoped for, but he was more hopeful than astonished at how unrealistic it sounded.

Nevertheless, the other party is that Desmond-sama.

Perhaps we should hope for the best....

"Maia, is there anything I can do to help?"

The husband asked.

"Nothing. I'll just continue to select the best strawberries to give to our lord."

Maia smiled wryly at her supportive husband.

"I understand..... do your best then."

"Of course."

Maia patted herself on the stomach, with her bulky but beautiful body. She declared to her husband that she was going to conceive another man's child. Had such an honest and straightforward declaration of netorare(cuckold).

Moreover

"Mom, you're so clever! I mean, just be able go to Desmond-sama's mansion is already awesome! and on top of that, to has a chance to be bred by him! .... I also ......"

"Don't worry, Hannah. You are not ready to have a baby yet. If he accepts me, I'll make sure ask him to make my daughter an adult when she's ready, even without the first-night rights."

"Really!?"

"Of course. I don't know yet if he will accept me, but if he does, We, mother and daughters will give birth to Desmond-sama's child together, That way, our family will be prosperous and safe."

"Totally. I hope that happens."

The father wholeheartedly agrees with the mother and daughter who want to be impregnated by the same man.

If Desmond had been here, would his chicken heart that regained memories of his previous life would have been able to withstand this?

-either way, no doubt he wouldn't have been able to refuse it after all.

and.

"Hey, by the way, are you interested in tits? Would you like to touch my boobs?" Maia's abrupt question make her husband frowned.

"What nonsense are you talking about? Why should I be interested in your tits? The only thing I think about your tits is that I'm sure you'd have no problem raising a child at that size."

"That's right?"

Even Maia, who asked the question, tilted her head.

Then the husband had an idea.

"You don't mean....Desmond-sama?"

"Yeah, apparently, Desmond-sama likes tits."

If Desmond had been here, he would have died in agony, spewing his blood from all of his seven orifices.

"He said something about there being no such thing as too big or too small in breast size, but even if that were true, he sure seems to like big tits."

"So mom, you're saying I should try to get bigger boobs too? How did mom get boobs that big?"

"They grew naturally, but I think the biggest growth was when I was pregnant with Daniel. Because When I was pregnant with Hanah, Desmond-sama wasn't in this territory yet, and We were still poor ... "

Maia looked back at her recent past, and her husband made a face as if something bitter had seeped through his mouth.

"Which means you have to eat well--oh, isn't cow's milk help? Since then, we finally had a cow in town that can produce good milk."

"Then I'll drink milk every day!" the adorable eleven years old daughter shouted loudly. "So I'll have big boobs like mom that Desmond-sama like!"

"Then I'll have to go to the store and ask them to share the milk. Maybe it is better when it's fresh, so Hannah, we will go together tomorrow. That way, you'll grow your boobs to Desmond-sama's liking."

"Yes! I'll do my best, Dad!"

"Hmm, that's my girl."

For some reason, Desmond likes boobs even though he is not a baby. He likes them in any size, but he still prefers big ones.

It is very typical of an upper class individual to prefer big breasts, but why is he so interested in them? Is it because he is an noble, or is it because he is Desmond-sama?

The husband concluded that it is because he is Desmond-sama. However, it would be a shame to let people know this information, which his wife has gone to the trouble of obtaining for him. He told Hannah and his wife to keep quiet about why they drink milk. But this is a small town in the countryside. Moreover, there was another person there. Information about Desmond-sama's preferences surly will spread everywhere, one way or another, and in the blink of an eye, the whole town will be talking about it.

If Desmond know about this, his seven orifices are no longer enough to spewing out his blood.

"Mom, let's have dinner! I'll help you, but let's eat fast! And I'm going to make my boobs bigger for Desmond!"

"Yes, yes."

Maia gave a smiling motherly face to her daughter.

However, it was her who might be the first to receive Desmond-sama's seed.

--If Desmond-sama is really going to sire me, I would like to know what he would say to me in his bedchamber. I wouldn't wish it as much as what Charlotte-sama told me, but at least...

『I will breed you until you get pregnant.』

that...

I thought that was too much to hope for, but hey ... woman want to fantasize.

--Mm-hmm. I'm so excited, ahhh I'm too old for this.

The cheeks of Maia, twenty-seven years old, a married woman with three children, blush faintly as she fantasizes about being seeded in bed by the lord while he's whispering sweet words to her.

Isn't it nice? Because my husband is a simple man whose main characteristic is to be serious all the time, and quite unsociable. There is no way he would say something sweet just to please me. I mean, I'm just an ordinary farmer...

-- hah, I'd love to be told something like that too....... I envy you Charlotte-sama.

The unusual lord who is being interrogated and have his maid jerking his cock would never dreamed that the married woman, who's currently serves the meals for her family was breathing hard because she was thinking about him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm home~ Hey! Mom, listen, listen!!!"

Emily, Desmond's own daughter, who was very serious and had elaborately planned to marry her blood father, shouted loudly as she arrived home. In her hand was a basket of strawberries that she had obtained in exchange for potatoes.

This was the house where Emily and her mother lived, adjoined to a school Desmond established. The family's daily income came from teaching at the school, the potatoes farm was more for training in field management and for bartering than to generate income.

Emily has blond hair and blue eyes inherited from Desmond. By nature, many of the inhabitants of this world are good-looking, and her mother is no exception. A mixture of Desmond's blood, albeit a newly risen aristocrat, enhances her features, and even her fragrance is imbued with a hint of elegance. Even though she was still a young girl, she certainly would grow up to be a beautiful woman in the future.

Although still very young, she still looks lovely, so when the six-year-old rushes to her mother's side with a lively look on her face, it is nothing short of innocent and adorable. --except for the words that came out of her mouth after.

"That beautiful woman who was with Desmond-sama was his wife, Charlotte-sama. Although she had neglected Desmond-sama all this time, she had turned around and she was all over him. Maybe Charlotte-sama was more in love with Desmond-sama than he was with her at this point. So I told her that I have a crush on Desmond! Just as planned!"

That woman is so scary! I'm much, much younger and she can compete with me, she's insanely cute!"

reflecting on that time, she made a "grunting" expression with a childish face. It was indeed adorable. But still, there was a glimpse of a mature woman in it, and if her real father sees this, he will surely hold his head with both hands.

Given modern Japanese ethics, her own mother would have admonished her daughter for not only acting not like her age but also being too reckless. However, her own mother who had raised Emily and even provided her with various types of "training" for her "future," did not do so.

Sophie, the daughter of the former mayor and the current town mayor, and the director of the academy that Desmond established looks at her daughter, who was the pride of her life between her and her beloved.

Sophie, like many of the natives of this region, has hazel eyes. And her eyes are droopy. Her flaxen hair is tied up with ribbons at the ends and around her nape.

Emilie's appearance always makes her feel happy because she is a daughter born of the seed of her beloved one.

Her manner of speaking was soft and gentle, with a soft yet clear edge to her words, hinting at her wisdom.

--Or, one could call it cunning.

"You made the right choice, Emily. No doubt it was embarrassing for Desmond-sama - for which I deeply feel sorry for him - but now Emily will no longer be left out of the picture. And Charlotte-sama's reaction would have told Desmond-sama that Emily was serious about the matter. As expected of mine and Desmond-sama child."

"Yup!"

The carefree smile on the little girl's face is adorable. Despite the content of their conversation that shouldn't happen between normal mother and child.

But for Sophie, who is seriously planning to marry off her daughter to the man she loves and have him take care of her, and Emily, who has been receiving her mother's "training," there is nothing strange about it.

--It may seem premature to reveal the "plan" but it seems to have worked out rather well for us, especially given the timing.

The mother thinks.

Currently, she is twenty-five years old, and she was nineteen when she gave birth to Emily, which is rather late for the first child in this world. She thought that it was because she looked sickly and weak, she had no one to marry her, and she thought she would die before she was able to have a child. But now, I became even more thankful that I was once born sickly. I was able to receive the nourishment of my beloved, my health recovered, and I was able to have a lovely daughter.

"So, what was Charlotte-sama is like?"

If you know your enemy and know yourself, you will never be defeated in a hundred battles. Emily is intelligent with her own heritage and has been taught from an early age. Despite the fact that she already is a noblewoman when she was in her womb, she had no knowledge about the noble's deceptions unlike Charlotte must have lived in an aristocratic society that was riddled with bluff and lies.

If possible, I would like to have a second child.

If he allows me to do so, no matter how old I am, no matter how dangerous my life is, I still want another child. It is not because I want a child with magical powers. I am a commoner and he is a noble. Even if we can't become husband and wife, it's the only way to prove that I have devoted my love to him.

I had prepared for it, but she didn't give Desmond-sama her attention for a long time, so I left her alone, and now suddenly She's looking at him as if she remember him, and even more, She's falling in love with him and sticking close to him that close all the time?

--I'm not going to allow such a thing. ......

"M-Mom?"

Sophie came to her senses when Emily, the fruit of his love and the proof of his love for her, called out to her with a look of fear. Her daughter Emily must have inherited this sense this from Desmond-sama. It made her shudder at the thought....

"No, it's nothing. So, what is Lady Charlotte like again?"

"umm...let's see......."

From what my daughter told me, however, I could not tell whether she was teasing or serious about the fact that she was competing with a six-year-old. But somehow my woman's intuition tells me that she is serious.

And it was the right move (even if Charlotte didn't realize it herself). However, I don't know if it was a foolish move or a sign that she was confident in her own abilities. Was it a move to look down on Emily as an adult and as a woman from a higher born and to compare her with her own abilities? I can't get a gauge on Charlotte's true intentions.

Even Sophie is a commoner. She knows that nobles often wear a facade when they talk to someone else, but that is something she has only heard about. when The only noble I have spoken to directly is Desmond-sama, but he is so direct, so I cannot use him as a reference to find Charlotte's real intention...

-- I don't know. Without being able to meet an opponent face to face, I cannot determine their true intentions.......

"Uu...... I should have been there. I want to aa~n Desmond-sama too."

Between a legitimate wife who has no children, a woman who is not even his mistress but loves him and has a child with him, and her daughter, they compete for him by feeding him strawberries.

<Desmond's daily life soap drama, Doro Doro Triangle>

We are lucky that such a thing did not actually happen. If it had actually happened, surely his heart would have stopped beating and his story would have come to an end.

"But, Charlotte-sama was talking so normally with Maia and Emily. ....."

"That's right."

At Emily's affirmation, Sophie put a finger to her lips and thought. Her pretty lips puckered up, making her look innocent and sexy at the same time. The one lesson of Emily's ongoing training is to be able to look sexy in this pose .... At the age of six.

Charlotte was supposed to be the daughter of an old noble family. If that were the case, there is no way she would see a commoner as a human being. It is not impossible that she was always like Desmond, that person would have left her husband alone for so long and not even looked at the territory that her husband ruled.

Which means--

--Lady Charlotte was trained by Desmond!

How enviable, I would have given anything to be trained and educated by him.

Although she is not wrong, Sophie cannot predict that the pair of lord and lady are training each other. there is no eroticism or sexual desire in this world after all. Sophie's love for Desmond and her desire for a child is not the same as her desire to have sex with him.

"This is not enough to tell us what kind of person Charlotte-sama is."

"I'm sorry."

Emily's shoulders slumped, but there was no way that a six-year-old could be so tactful to probe the words of a noble. getting any reaction is already almost impossible.

But It was all possible due to the result of Sophie's upbringing.

Then, in the meantime, I will formulate my own plan, and then I will put the art of war into Emily's head too.

With such seriousness and earnestness that would make Desmond flinch. this mother was aiming to take Desmond away from his wife. However, and have her daughter as his concubine.

"Oh, and Charlotte-sama asked Desmond-sama if he'd like to sire Maia, even if it's not her first wedding night."

"Really?"

Emily flinches at her mother's seriousness and eagerness, it was a natural reaction, given her age.

"Uh, yeah ... So she's saying about taking strawberries ..."

"----So, what does Desmond-sama say?" Sophie's nose was flaring. Emily had never seen her mother so riled up. "Is Desmond-sama going to seed Miss Maia?"

"Well ......De-Desmond-sama didn't say he would, but still, he didn't say he didn't want to it either. Perhaps if Charlotte-sama pushed harder--"

"It was Charlotte-sama who wanted it" Sophie enthused. She was not a dragon, but an angel who had finally been unsealed.

"What ...... eh?"

Even the quintessential Emily is bewildered by her mother's behavior, Perhaps if Desmond had been here, he would have been relieved to know that no matter how smart she was, she was still a six-year-old girl, and reacted to something appropriate for her age.

"Emily, when you go to Desmond-sama's mansion, please ask him to let me go with you, by all means. "

"Uh, yeah, okay......."

She has no choice but to agree.

"Did they mention anything else? Like what's Charlotte-sama likes."

"Uh, let's see ......"

Emily frantically searches her memory, At that time Charlotte and Maia had been enjoying romance books before her visit. So the solution Emily's memory tapped out was.

"I didn't know what Charlotte-sama liked, but I did know one thing that Desmond-sama liked."

"Really!!"

It is important to shoot the horse in order to attack the general, but it's even more better if you manage to attack the general directly.

The mother leans over to listen the six-year-old Emily

"Tits."

"............?"

"Desmond-sama likes women's breasts. He likes it small or big, but he seems to be more attracted to the big ones. If I and Charlotte-sama compare our breasts together, the difference is so big, it's like I didn't have it at all. Charlotte-sama is as big as Maia - no, maybe even bigger, but she has such small shoulders that she can support that size, it's amazing to be a noble. and when Maia asked if he wanted to squeeze her, he look really happy"

This is a story one would never have thought.

I had no idea that my own six-year-old daughter had seen through him to that point...

But.

"---- Hou."

Emily was horrified by her mother's sigh, as if her mother's breath was letting out all of the extreme emotion and she was now left with nothing.

After all, Her mother, Sophie's breasts were ......

"I see now. I now understand why Desmond-sama was looking at another woman's breast when he was walking with me. Heh, heh, heh, heh, he likes big boobs."

Emily is too scared to look at her mother's face.

Sophie was currently smiling so wide as if it was pasted on her face - but she was not.

"O-Oh, maybe it's because mother let me suck on your tits to raise me so......"

"My breasts have always been about this size."

".................."

"He~e, So Desmond-sama really likes big boobs? hmm hmm."

".................."

"I need to find a way to make your boobs bigger, Unlike me, Emily is still growing."

"........................"

"Then Emily, let's have dinner. In order to make your body bigger, you have to get nutrition first. Nutrition.... - perhaps milk is good for breast growth? fufufufufu Desmond-sama, brace yourself, I will show you that my daughter will grow up nicely. "

fufufu, fufufufu

Emily later told the story that her mother was indeed scary when she was angry, and she even got angry with her on more than one occasion.

But this kind of anger was something She had never felt before.

It was as if she had stepped on the tail of the dragon, after dragging it out of the cave.

In the near future, the demand for milk is skyrocketed in Aldora, where the boob-loving Desmond rules. But will he be able to keep his composure when he finds out the reason?

And what does Emily's future look like?

Sophie's comatose chuckle and her glued-on smile at dinner made the six-year-old resent her father for the first time, even if she did not know the reason for her mother's reaction.

Thus, the battle for Desmond was steadily being organized.

On the other hand, I can't help but feel that, in addition to the black flag, a pink black flag had also been raised for him. Is the lifeboat that helps and takes him out of the battle somewhere waiting for the right moment to set sail.

No one knows yet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Count Terrace -> Earl Terrace.I'll go back to fix it in the earlier chapter after this.

Knock-knock.

The corridor bask by the darkness of the night like the bottom of the lake. The slender hand knocking on the door gently.

"You can come in."

"Excuse me."

It was Charlotte's maid, Katherine. She clad in a classic maid outfit.

She visited the chief butler's room, Randolph's room, the chief butler of the Desmond mansion and, at the same time, the watchman and supervisor assigned to him by his father, Viscount Damwead.

The room is smaller than Desmond's, the lord and master of the mansion, although it has a similar design, it is decorated in a sophisticated and elegant style, which, combined with the nature of the duties, makes it seem as if this is the real lord's room.

But that is to be expected. The owner of this room had the appearance and serenity befitting a lord.

However, his manners are not backed up by refined etiquette, but are the result of the perfect execution of his movements.

《Gray Hound》.

This his other name by which he is famously known. he is the chief butler of the Desmond mansion by using the of perfect execution of his body, cultivated on the battlefield, he is a quasi-nobleman who has been knighted as a result of his military service. Considering his accomplishments, he could have been the one who should have ruled the territory. However, he decided to join Viscount Damwead and is now the chief butler of Desmond, who is the cause of him joining Viscount Damwead and is the object of his greatest interest at the moment.

Under his ruffled eyebrows were his lead gray eyes, which had been polished by his age, the eyes of a man who had been in the service of the Viscount Damwead for many years. They even have a kind of mystical light in them, his eyes reflecting an image of the cold beauty with her red hair tied back on her head.

"Please excuse me for disturbing, but I have something to report and discuss with you."

The maid bowed lightly. With elegance and grace.

But not any deeper than necessary.

No matter how great her opponents may be, whether they are chief butlers, quasi-nobles, or knight, she belongs to Charlotte, the second daughter of the House of Terrace. Bowing down to someone more than necessary would lower the dignity of the daughter of the Earl Terrace, to whom she belongs, even if she is a woman who cannot conceive, even if she is considered a tool of the nobility only for childbearing.

Even though Desmond's mansion seemed to have nothing to do with the noble's politics, when dealing with Randolph, she had to change her mindset as if she were at a noble's social gathering.

"About the sexual art--"

"Then let's take a seat."

Randolph held out his hand and a chair appeared in front of Katherine.

【Storage】--a skill.

How many magic skills has this old man mastered?

How many magic skills has this old man mastered? No doubt he is the cheat character. But without Desmond who has such notions, there is no one to complain and get upset about this, the maid just stands there in silent.

"Then excuse me."

She sits down in the chair as he suggested.

Facing across the office desk like this seems like an interrogation. They should held equal in power in this situation, But from the standpoint of Katherine's position Katherine should have the upper hand in this because information she has obtained - unless Randolph use violent method. But even if he is named "hound" he is still a knight. He would not have resorted to such barbaric means.

Nevertheless, there was no way she could refuse the chair that was offered to her, before she even had a chance to spoke out.

――You took the initiative. but.

The cold maid looked at 《Gray Hound》 with narrow brown eyes.

"The Master has just performed the sexual art on me just now."

The old butler raised a bushy gray eyebrow.

--my first card.

"But, may be -- It's not the same thing that he is done to his wife, but I think I catch a glimpse of its magnificence. Speaking of which, did Randolph-sama inquire Master about this?"

It is easy for this old butler and skilled knight to see that the maid's words contain no lies.

Katherine played the first card, telling him that she had "great information" for him. No matter how big or small it was. if you want it, be generous to give out some "little" information.

And as for Randolph, he has no "information" that he can offer to Katherine. So, in order to get the information, Randolph would have to either respond to Katherine's request for "consultation" or just shaking his head.

He don't want her to have an advantage, but.

"Unfortunately, no."

Cowering his shoulders, he shakes his head in disappointment.

"After lunch, when we were discussing our plans for the afternoon, I casually asked him about it, and he said that it's not something that a man can teach a man. For some reason, he told me that while clutching his buttocks."

"I see."

Katherine has no other response to this. She couldn't understand his action either.

In a world without eroticism, it would be impossible for anyone to stick their precious genitals in other's rear, even if they were to torture or humiliate using excretory organs.

"If that's the case..."

And the gray old man is fooled because of that.

"So you are saying that the sexual art is something that can only be practiced between a man and a woman, and cannot be taught."

Katherine shakes her head." I don't know. I don't enough information to determine that."

--That's also not a lie.

But.

--Isn't she's giving away too much too easily?

If so, I don't know what the consultation is, but it seems like a foolish way to compel me to give in to her demands.

The old soldier tries to read behind the maid's words. But

"Randolph-sama."

Her brown eyes stared straight into the gray ones.

"May I ask you something impolite? Is Randolph-sama on the side of Desmond-sama, or Viscount Damwead, or--"

"............"

Whose side am I on...

side..

He thought.

This maid is no fool. And not reckless. I knew that from our previous interactions. So, this question of hers was a statement backed up by a certain amount of evidence. To begin with, he has accompanied Baron Desmond to this estate as his chief butler, in a monitoring and supervising role, rather than being with Viscount Damwead.

She knows this. And she must have had that idea in her mind when she was probing my actions. --No, perhaps there is no evidence. I didn't do such a half-ass job.

If that is the case.

Randolph is so amused that he almost lets his inner hound out.

In other words, her question is like a leaping into Randolph's arms with a sword in her hand, ready to cut him down at the drop of a hat.

It would be easier to cut her down.

--What an insult. Is that what Katherine thinks? No, I suppose Lady Charlotte thinks so too. Or perhaps even Earl Terrace? What a venerable situation.

Depending on how things played out, it could get out of hands, while Katherine, or Charlotte, could be cut off from the Earl Terrace because of Charlotte's inability to conceive and there is a rift between the Earl Terrace and the Marquess Swift (the Marquesses are higher in rank). There is 《Grey Hound》 and 《Damwead Heretic》on the Damwead side, and the Terrace have 《Platinum Breaker》 who is considered unworthy by aristocratic society like the Damwead Heretic or even more so. If the we have the other nobles on board and spearhead Earl Terrace, Which many of them will probably side with Damwead. If so, Earl Terrace would have no choice but to cut them off in order to protect his house. -The question is, who benefits there?

Baron Desmond Damwead.

It is only him that benefits.

...................

And if this morning's conversation is any indication, Charlotte will side with Desmond even if she is cut off from Terrace, both Charlotte and Katherine will remain with Desmond and will belong to him and be cherished in this mansion. The concern is whether Desmond will marry another wife, but he is not likely to do so because of his character. unless, Charlotte gets pregnant.

This would be a win-win situation for Desmond, his wife, and Katherine, no matter how it turns out.

ho ho ho ho, this is.

The hound lick its tongue instinctively.

And depending on how I responded, not only would it change what information Katherine would disclose, but it would also change how she would behave toward me in the future. If she considers me to be a potential threat, she may not hesitate to contract Earl and bring a skilled agent with her. However, that may not be in her best interest either.

No.

Even the knight Randolph Steiner was hungry. It was better to answer honestly here.

--interesting, this girl..no.

"I am not entirely on Desmond-sama side. I am, as you know, the head butler and the guardian of little Desmond, and by "little" I mean that I treat him like a child. That is the role assigned to me by Viscount Damwead. But--"

Then Randolph giggled and laughed.

Instead of the old butler's friendly face, the Hound emerged.

"I joined Viscount Damwead because of Desmond in the first place. That child is interesting. I joined the Damwead House to see him grow up and do what he does, I'm just a 'guest'."

"Guest ......" Katherine repeats

"Indeed."《Gray Hound》 said, "--Then, in response to Lady Katherine's question, I am on my own side as a "guest". I will decide for myself which "home" I will be staying in."

Katherine's fists clenched in the lap of her maid's uniform, sweating profusely as she listened to the Grey Hound's answer.

A "guest" is who is invited into the "house" at the request of the master and treated with respect. The master would take care of the "guest," give him money if he asked for it, and make arrangements for him to spend his time without discomfort. In case of emergency, or when the master asks him to do something, he does not order him to do it, but "asks" him to do it. His position with his master is equal or even more so. The "master" can choose his "guest" and the "guest" can choose his "master.

--but with honor.

Randolph was a knight, and while he was proud to be a knight, he was more than that, he had mercenary characteristics. What differentiates him from a mercenary is that he acts not for money, but for interest, honor, with some sense of loyalty.

He was welcomed into the Damwead House on the condition that he would watch Desmond closely. It seemed a shame to have such a force to watch over the idiot son, but even so, the Gray Hound was a welcome addition to the House.

He was welcomed in the House on this term, but his official role was to serve Viscount Damwead as his butler. Although his admission was, considering his character, quite understandable. But to revealed it and told it from his own mouth is quite--

"I understand. I appreciate your answer." Katherine replied and bowed her head lightly.

"No big deal."

Having said that, Katherine known that she was being urged to continue.

Indeed, Randolph had exposed his own weakness. --although it was a weakness that couldn't be considered as a weakness on both side.

In addition, no matter how perverse he may be, he is more than a reliable person to have on your side. Thus, if he is given a bait that he likes, the "hound" will be benevolent to them or even wagging his tail.

So, Katherine speaks to Randolph, not to any one of the forces behind him, but to him personally.

"In discussing the information I have gathered about the sexual art, please allow me to ask you a questionas well. By matching it with what you know about Desmond-sama, it may reveal something that I didn't realize."

"Good."

That's something Randolph want.

The maid also seems to have some idea of what it is like to draw him into her side.

"Thank you, sir."

At Katherine's story, Randolph's gray eyes widened and he continue to listened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hah ...... master......."

Returning to her room, Katherine let out a feverish exhale. Her calm and beautiful face was nearly expressionless as usual, but still, there were signs of faint warmth in her cheeks, and her thin brown eyes were slightly moistened.

She looked at one wall of her room.

Surely, even now, on the other side of this single wall, Master and Mistress must be engaged in the sexual arts.

She had watched and listened to their lascivious acts all night long in the closet on that one night when the Master had performed it for the first time since he had mastered sexual art. I didn't feel anything at that time. I thought he was doing something strange, but I was glad that he had not harmed Mistress. Then the next day.

" Is sexual art that incredible? Such a haughty, outrageous voice as if she lose her mind."

--Shall I give it a try, then?

She was so impressed with it that she tried to do it to Katherine the way her husband had done it to her. Regrettably, It doesn't work that time, however, the way she looked so confident at that time, the way she looked disappointed and bewildered when it didn't work, and the way she let out a cry of confusion when I spread out my vagina, were all very, very adorable... Charlotte-sama caresses certainly provided a strange sensation, but it was not a desire. it was an illusion caused by my own interest.

Now that I have swallowed his semen, I know better.

This bothered her, and when she observed his behavior, she realized that he was apparently looking at the mistress's breasts. And as he was doing it, his pupils became dilated, his nostrils tended to flare, and his breathing and heart rate increased slightly, which was something the first-rate maid Eye, which can read and senses her master's presence, could detect without missing a single detail.

I found myself unable to help but to wonder.

And then he rubbed me.

At that time, I didn't feel much. I just felt a bit of a strange, lingering feeling, like something sweet was left in me.

After that, I found out that Master was interested not only in Mistress's breasts and buttocks (He kept looking at them, I found out that he was also interested in them. I didn't know what kind of ass he liked, but I knew that if it was a big ass, I would be as good as Charlotte-sama.), but he was also looking at Maia's breasts and ass. Then he began to play his tricks on Mistress, even though he was in front of Maia.

Not only Mistress was not satisfied with this, but she even asked for it herself, and there was no way I could have stopped him.

--Charlotte-sama was being changed by the Master.

Although Her roots may remain the same.

Katherine thinks so. And in the bathroom, I'm also .......

When I gup my hand, I can vividly remember the feel of Master's muscular and warm touch that made me wet. Then I clasped him from behind. kissing him. And then, just as Mistress had done, I licked, sucked, and swallowed all the seed that spurted out of him.

The practice of sucking a man's penis never existed, much less swallowing his seed. ......

As Charlotte-sama said, it was bitter, fishy, sticky, and slimy - not tasty at all, and anyone who would want to do it again would be crazy. However, I had seen Charlotte-sama's tongue crawl on his erect penis as Master had told her to do, and she had enjoyed watching him moan with pleasure, sucking and swallowing it, so I did it too... and now I was..........

--Sexual arts, such a scary yet terrific thing. I, too, am being driven crazy. ......

"uh ......."

Remembering that, I shuddered, my limbs trembled and the voice escaped my mouth.

Embarrassing........

"Desmond-sama always had a mysterious thing in him."

The old gray hair butler said.

"He has always had many ideas, but they were not all things that he came up with or thought up on his own, I had asked him about it myself. It seemed to be things that were written in some book that he had memorized vaguely."

"I don't know, why do I come up with such a thing? It feels like that ..."

It was a charge that made Katherine stiffen, if only slightly, for a moment.

"How do I even come up with such things? I don't know, I just know it...something like that....

――ho ho, I think I'm good at imitating his voice. "

It was something that made Katherine stiffen for a moment.

"As for your question, it is true that Desmond-sama has always looked at a woman's breasts and buttocks."

--As I thought.

Katherine mused.

Then even if the sexual desire to perform the sexual art was caused by the practice, the foundation for it must have existed in Desmond-sama's mind from the very beginning. If so, I thought that what Charlotte-sama said, "Desmond-sama likes to apply lotion to me by himself," might have been one of them.

Thinking back, I know that when he talked to Charlotte-sama, he often looked at her breasts and buttocks. It was the same with me. In my case, I think it was predominantly the buttocks.

Still, it was only recently that the urge to be more sexual was added to the mix. From that day when he was performing the sexual art to Dean ...... until now, I did not notice much when he looked at me, and I did not care. But now I felt as if his gaze suddenly contained something of interest, and I was beginning to react to it. He looked at me, and I was pleased .......

"Ah......."

As soon as I remembered that, I heard a hushed voice that I didn't believe that it was mine.

Katherine winced and held her own arms. She felt her arms crushing her small breasts, under her maid's uniform.

It reminded her of how she had pressed those, bare breasts against his back. It should have been nothing ...... Charlotte-sama not only squeezed my naked flesh but also licked and sucked it. I didn't feel it then, but when I clung to Desmond-sama this time, I felt a strange heat and tingling crawl up from my womb.

--After all, I, like Mistress, Master have awakened my sexual desire.........

Desmond-sama said that sexual desire manifests itself as a side effect of learning sexual art. However, he only mentioned this is only the case for users that practice the technique. But He did not know, or perhaps he did not dare to say, that women who are treated by men who have learned the art will also experience sexual desire.

Katherine surmised.

And even though she had not been directly subjected to the sexual art, she knew what it was like and was gradually awakened to her sexual desire by being aware of his heated gaze. I couldn't stop myself from wanting to do "that" and drink his semen.

Sexual art is dangerous.

It drives women crazy.

And the bad thing about it is that it can make a woman fall from happiness while her mind remains sane.

That is why, when I saw Charlotte-sama, who seemed happier than ever before and was able to return to her true self, I could not begrudge Desmond-sama or denounce him, in fact, I was even grateful to him.

I tasted a glimpse of that feeling myself when I received his ejaculation in my throat. ......

-I guess the redeeming factor was that the one who had mastered the art was my Master.

I wholeheartedly believe so.

If the sexual art is abused, it is easy to seduce the wives and daughters of other families and take them captive, and have them steal their family's secrets - after all, noble thinks of women as tools for bearing children, and they are trained to understand their destiny even by themselves. The same is true for our.

Education equals brainwashing, is what Desmond, who was a modern Japanese in a previous life, had heard somewhere.

--Few noble husbands would think that their wives and daughters would turn on them. But their education made it almost impossible for them to do so.

With sexual art, it is also possible to control powerful nobles from behind the scenes. If he wanted to, he might even be able to extend his poisonous fangs to the royal family.

--But the master will not do that.

Desmond is a good man, so good that it makes us feel like fools.

And he is a coward chicken.

When I think about it, I can't help but think he's quite adorable, even though I am a maid. It is so much so that I almost giggle at him unintentionally.

But the fact remains that art is dangerous.

That is why I asked Randolph about Desmond-sama's past.

I don't know anyone else who can use the technique, and even Randolph doesn't know about sexual art. Although there may be some doubts about the certainty of this...

--Perhaps sexual art is an art that can only be used by the master.

It is a technique that was made possible by the combination of a mind that had acquired a new and mysterious concept, and a special interest in women's breasts and buttocks, even without sexual desire, prior to learning the sexual art.

He is the only one in the world who has been granted this privilege.

Even Katherine, if not Randolph, felt a shiver run down her spine. After all, unlike the old butler, I was a woman and a maid of Mistress, and I had tasted a glimpse of it. And from now on, it would be possible for me to ask Desmond for it.

Katherine reported this to Randolph, keeping the parts she couldn't tell him, naturally.

"May I ask you something impolite? Is Randolph-sama on the side of Desmond-sama, or Viscount Damwead, or--"

I asked.

And since he said "myself" this was an indication that he would side with Desmond-sama, regardless of whether Charlotte-sama, or the Earl of Terrace behind her, or even Katherine herself.

The old butler had read it all. And Katherine knew, of course, that Randolph was looking for something interesting from Desmond. That's why.

"I'll let you be part of the fun, so don't bother reporting back and keep your mouth shut."

However, this was not exactly what he meant.

He was on board to back this up, he clearly stated his position in his own words. And he confirmed Katherine's guess. That was the most likely scenario. So.

"Ho, ho, ho, ho ...... thank you, Katherine. Indeed, this is the most interesting thing I could have wished for. In that case, I will not probe any further. I will not learn it, nor will I make Desmond perform it for me. He is free to behave as he pleases --No, in fact, I want him to act freely. Moreover, Charlotte-sama wants it too. I am glad that it was Charlotte-sama who married Desmond-sama.

"I am very grateful for your generosity, sir."

Katherine bowed gracefully, as she always does, with her cool, near-expressionless looks.

There, Randolph had said.

"Rest assured, I will protect not only Desmond-sama but also Charlotte-sama according to my interests."

"----Thank you."

One could not have hoped better than that. As a knight, he keeps his word, and if he calls himself a "guest," he is honorable.

Here, unbeknownst to him, the bonds of Desmond's camp is strengthened.

"And Katherine, you can train wit me, if you wish."

At these words, even the Katherine's brown eyes widened.

A look even Randolph thought was endearing.

"--by all means."

Here, even a master-disciple relationship was established that would make Desmond shudder if he knew.

Without knowing it, he is now in Charlotte-sama's bedroom, shaking his hips, or being shaken by her hips, having her perform sexual art on him. Thinking of this, the maid exhaled her breaths alone in her room.

――There was envy raising in her, just a little bit.

After I swallowed his semen or even before that, an uncontrollable flame began to burn inside me.

That's why Katherine asked Randolph for help.

"Oh, yes, I was wondering if Lady Katherine had any thing I can help?"

"Yes, I would very much like to accompany him on his upcoming official visit to the Moiré village."

"--Ho ho, then, I will have to train Lady Katherine to be able to serve as Desmond-sama's escort."

"Thank you very much, and I look forward to your guidance."

"--Ho-ho, leave it to me. But be careful of one thing, just don't die."

"Yes, I hope so."

………………

…………

I considered myself to be a cunning woman. But I foolishly think that this is for the sake of the Master and for the Mistress's sake.

Now there is no way for Desmond to escape the siege from all these women.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At last, He is coming.

At last, we will be bound.

Finally, I can receive his sperm!

There is absolutely no mistake about my ovulation day. I have carefully timed my cycle so that it hits the correct day. There's no mistake. If it is, then I'm beyond help. At any rate, I, who will be embraced on my first wedding night when I marry the guardian deity, can have him ejaculate in my vagina until I get impregnated - I'm so honored, I can't stop myself from getting excited now.

Come quickly, my guardian, my beloved lord, my beloved Desmond Damwead-sama!

◇

"Chup, chup, chup ...... gulg, glug, glug, chup, chup, chup ...... slurb, slurb, slurb, chup ......"

In Charlotte's bedroom, where the morning sun shines brightly. The lewd wet noise and moan filled the room as usual.

"Ugh, kuuh oh ...... hah ...... Charlotte......."

"Hah, ohhh ......"

When I wake up to the most exquisite feeling of lewdness resonating from my groin to my spine, my beloved wife is burying her face between my legs and sucking hard on me.

"*smack*…… slurp slurp slurp slurp"her loving tongue danced over the skin of my flesh.

"Ohhhh, that feels too good oooh...... kuhhhh......."

She was so thoroughly engorged and passionate. The sperm began to work up to the morning blowjob, She moans with delight as I squirm like a girl, her tongue twirling and her face bobbing. Her wavy platinum blonde hair, which sways and falls against my thighs, is also irresistible.

She must have been sucking on it before I even woke up.

"Oh, crap .......it's coming out, it's coming out! Here it comes Charlotte ...... oh!"

"N......♡"

Her pretty lips tightly clamp around my throbbing cock, and even though she may be twenty-nine years old, she still looks barely twenty, with a face and complexion that could be mistaken for a girl's, and she is now receiving my filth in her throat.

I let out my first-morning spurt into the wet swamp of a hot woman's throat, and I gasp, like I'm falling in love with her all over again.

"Chupupu......" "ahhh......"

She even sucked out the stuff in my urethra, and then she let her tongue crawl over the meat root to clean it up before she let go of her lips. While the white cheeks of her lovely beauty were stained with a youthful vermilion, her large emerald eyes were moistened with lust.

"aaa♡♡"

Behind the petal-like lips, a pink tongue spooned Atop of a white, muddy lump of liquid.

She closed her eyes, chuckled, and chewed it carefully with her lips closed.

"Nnn...... pu~ah ......."

There's nothing left.

"--fu fu , the cum this morning is delicious, too."

"Oh, thank you so much for your hospitality."

That's all I can say. That's how my mornings have come to start. Emerald eyes that draw like a fascinating crescent moon, her dainty lips twisted in debauchery.

Then she starts to run her tongue over my cock again. She rolls my balls with her fingers, then sucks them, rolls them with her tongue, swirls her tongue around the pole, sucks the tip into her mouth, and then swallows it in again.

"Ohhhh, hah!"

After a few more strokes and licking around the just-finished and highly sensitive glans, it stiffens into a raging erection, a tower of flesh soaked in my wife's saliva. Charlotte's huge breasts bob and jiggle, and her nipples, which were once delicately contoured, are now bulging out, the tips of which are so erect that they look as if they might come off. Raising her voluptuous body, she starts to straddle me. her face is blushing and her sexiness which is appropriate for a twenty-nine-year-old emanates from her like a lecherous demon.

She was even drooling.

"Huh, oh ....... Well, then, thanks for the food......ngg......♡."

With graceful fingers, she lifted the ugly pillar of flesh and placed it at her own entrance. Her half-open, drooling lips, pink and lascivious, nuzzled and sucked at the tip of my flesh, and then began to slit in.

"Ooohhh ......"

thud, thud, thud

"Ooohhh ......"

"Aah! It's so big! ...... Desmond-sama penis ......It feels so good, it penetrates me it pushes and spreads my nasty flesh .......... hah nnnn ........"

Once we are snug enough that our wet, gold and platinum blonde pubic hairs intertwine with each other, I can feel the fleshy pots of her burning, soaked flesh sizzling with delight and squeezing me.

"It feels so good, so good......."

"Kuuuuh ...... me too, Charlotte ohhh!"

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh!"

She looks like a lusty slut with her ample tits swaying up and down, and the slutty look in her eyes, and her mouth hang open. She wiggled her hips as she tasted my meat rod in her, her stomach heaving lewdly.

"Hahyaaaaan!"

I reached out and squeezed the flesh that was too big for my palm, causing it to spill out from between my fingers, and then squeezed her nipples at the base and fondled them, causing her to twitch and cry out in a loud, uncontrollable voice.

Sweat dripped down her beautifully shaped chin.

"Oh, Desmond-sama, my dear ......♡"

She leans down and seeks my lips.

"Chu, Chu-pu........ ah ......."

Our tongues entwine and we swallow each other's saliva. This makes it seem like she's raping me from both above and below.

Shakes her hips lustfully, and rocks her ample ass against mine, pleasing me. The stirring and clenching of her flirtatious flesh was so exquisite that I couldn't have asked for anything more. The juices pouring out wet my balls and ass, and I can feel her nipples crunching against my chest.

Our sweaty skin entwined. The scent of a woman in heat pours out of her.

Then.

I hold her slender hips and thrust my hips up from below.

"Ah ♡ haaaaaaaaah! Desmond, desmond sha-ma~ ah ♡ ah ah ah ah, Pussy, It's grinding inside my pussy!! Ahhhh, ahhhhh!"

She is so lewd and lascivious, and she cries with a lewd and charming voice, and yet, she is so innocent. Her slender fingers clung to me rather than scratching me I was happy, loving, and even feeling a bit guilty, but I kept thrusting up her cervix in response to her. My limits were soon reached by the sweet voice calling out to me, and by the burning wet hole.

"Ugh! Charlotte!"

"Ahh, Desmond-sama! Mmmm～～～～!"

We pressed our lips tightly together and howled in pleasure into each other's mouths.

／

"Ahhhh ....... Desmond-sama, You ejaculating inside my womb, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp ...it feels so good ....... Desmond-sama........ Chu, Chu."

"Charlotte ....you feel very good too. Chu, chu ..."

We furiously engaged in morning mating, we intertwined in a kiss like a little bird pecking. And then--we stay connected!

Since I taught this slutty twenty-nine year old to suck my cock, and since I told her that I would be very happy if she woke me up with a morning blowjob, she has been sucking my cock every day--and every night! she started waking me up with her mouth, either on top or bottom.

That's how I wake up in the morning with a refreshing ejaculation!

That's the best!

However, this is a world where there is magic even if there is no eroticism, and if you do 【physical enhancement (sex)】 between the break, you can keep doing whatever you want by using the noble's abundant magic power. But.

I, the one who experienced it, proudly and earnestly say that it would have been impossible to deal with this lecherous twenty-nine-year-old without magic. Anyway, I am happy. But I can't help but feel that happiness wouldn't have been possible without magic.

Still, this morning was intense - including the one from last night.

I'm a chicken, sure, It was to the point that I would start shaking at the sight of a woman. but I already knew Charlotte was a total horny girl, and she was already drowning in me, so I was enjoying myself immensely.

Besides, I knew the reasons why she does this, so I had no choice but to rather respond to this twenty-nine-year-old's naughty indulgences.

"Charlotte, if you don't get dressed soon, Katherine is going to be very angry with you, okay?"

With my cock in her crotch, she pressed down and hugged me tightly, both with her vagina and with her arms. I rubbed and stroked her smooth white back. Then she made a pleasurable moan.

"no. I don't care if she gets mad at me, I just want to keep doing this until the last minute."

Wow, after such a bewitching display of lasciviousness earlier, she's now regressed into a baby.

"I don't want to leave you, Desmond-sama .......nuuu......."

Kyuunn♡♡

And her hole too.

"I don't want to leave you......."

It becomes unbearably tight.

"Hah .......Desmond-sama is getting bigger and bigger inside my vagina .......So Desmond-sama doesn't want to leave me either right? Mmmm ......."

"oh ......"

Charlotte begins to undulate her hips as her smooth, sweaty skin rubs against me, making her massive flesh squish.

"If you do that, I won't be able to go"

"That's all right, my dear Desmond will not be doing any work today. but will be in bed with me all the time......."

Geez, .......you do realize that it's a killing phrase right?

"Hyah!"

She screamed cutely, and I flipped her over and laid her on top of me. I rubbed and kneaded her huge white tits, which were slightly sagging under the pull of gravity, pushed her plump thighs wide apart with my hips, and began thrusting my hips into her.

"Ah, ha, ha, Desmond's muscular thing is pushing and rubbing against me .......Ahhh."

Charlotte also begins to undulate her hips as she squirms underneath.

Ugh, it feels so good .......I really wish I could do this all the time .......

"Sorry, Charlotte, ..........I'm a lord and you're a wife of a lord, ....... Please understand that I have to do my job. Ooooh ......."

"Haaaaan!"

That's right. Starting today I had to head to the Moiré village for official duty to replenish the magic power of the defense system. Even though my territory is small, I was planning to take a horse-drawn carriage from Aldora Town, the capital of the Aldora Territory, to Moiré Village, and return in three days and two nights.

And that's what this twenty-nine-year-old is trying to do.

"No, you don't! I don't wanna be separated from Desmond, that's too much, that's too much!"

How can I just abandon you like that?

"Ngh, ah! Your penis is pounding me to the back, ha, ah ah ah!"

Charlotte's huge tits shook and wiggled as I thrust my hips in forcefully. Her eyes are full of pleasure and her lips are half-open, erotic. Nevertheless, those eyes.

"Please don't go, my love, I will be so lonely."

--Geez, .......it's so hard.

Ok, I'll finish my work quickly and come back soon, ok? Be a good girl and wait for me, okay? When I get back, I'm going to give you all the pumping, pounding, and squeezing as much as you want, okay?

"No, no, I want Dejumond-shama to stay with me all the time."

I feel like you are becoming more and more like a baby......

The truth is, I could take Charlotte with me if I wanted to. But unlike me, who doesn't care where to stay - even if the other party has provided the best possible accommodations it's a small village in a remote territory - I'm not sure I'd be able to take Charlotte with me. Compared to when it was just me, and me with Charlotte, who is also a noblewoman, the burden on the other party must be immeasurable when the lord and his wife come together.

"I would go anywhere with Desmond-sama. Besides, I will give up my position as a noble ......."

That is absurdly sweet, and last night.

'I won't let you go, Charlotte!'

'I'm so happy, Desmond-sama, ah!'

But it was still not good enough.

"Ahhh!"

I covered her, sucking her lips and pumping my hips. I squeezed her ample breasts and tortured her pointed nipples.

We've been getting up way too late lately to have sex in the morning. With the 【physical enhancement】and【Heal】I told her that I would have been fine without sleep if we wanted to, but Charlotte's bedding would be difficult to sleep in after that, and she agreed with me.

We must be the only people in this world who use magic just for sex.

--But even if we wake up early, the cruel clock is pushing us back toward the future every second.

Knock-knock.

And then came the knocking sound.

Charlotte looked like a princess who had been told it was time for her execution.

"ooh."

Her shapely legs wrapped around my waist and pinned me in place. So did her arms. And then.

"Oh, oh oh oh ...,"

"Excuse me. It is time for you and madam to get up........................."

I ejaculated into her mistress's vagina while staring into Katherine's brown eyes, the beautiful and elegant maid, as she looked into my eyes. I cum over and over. --I was squeezed and deprived by the wriggling and moving flesh.

Even though we are being watched, She did not release her【Leg lock】(Daishuki Hold) while I ejaculated in her vagina, as if she was saying that she was mine.

"Mistress, it is time."

As expected of a first-class maid. It seems that she was able to discern the circumstances of this situation with just a glance.

The ratio of guilty would be about 3 for the master and 7 for the mistress (although some people might say I'm at fault at 10). However, I feel like I'm being insulted and agitated by her almost expressionless face.

And.

The last drop was sucked up into the depths of her pampered and lonely twenty-nine-year-old vagina.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Rumbling, the carriage travels down an unevenly paved road.

--My ass hurts ......

Having said that, it is a relief that I has【physical enhancement】, The road is not so well maintained that even with a carriage that is well-suited to an out-cast lord like me bounces around. While not as well-developed as the main roads, the roads leading to the center of the capital (laugh) of <Aldora Territory> are better, but they are still just as good.

In comparison, the road to the village of Moiré. It is very poor.

As a lord, I could spend money on the maintenance of public roads - or rather, that's my job - but unfortunately, I keep getting rejected by my over-qualified secretary ........ I can't force my way through her logically constructed report with figures based on in-depth analysis.

There's also an alternative plan, which included the use of publicly funded, regularly scheduled horse-drawn carriage transportation of supplies, and the use of a "caravan"to transport the goods. Although I am a noble and a lord capable of forcing things through, I am sure that I will surely be looked down with scorn once again.

She is a woman who was sent to a place like this after a quarrel with her superiors, even though she was so talented that she was able to get a job as a government officer in the Royal Capital. She is a woman who doesn't give a damn about anyone, even Nobels when it comes to her work. Nevertheless, if both logic and profit are on her side, it is no matter if one is a lord or not, they have no choice but to be silent.

By the way, I wouldn't fire her for that. Above all, she is excellent and not unreasonable, and as long as I don't do anything stupid on the job, she pays me the respect I deserve. Now she completes work that I can't meddle with and then reports back to me, so there's no room for me to even do anything stupid!

With this bumpy road and shaking carriage ride, Each time it bounces, I remember that I am just really a small vessel.

I was thinking to myself. But the one who is now riding in the carriage with me is....

*Glancing*

I turned my eyes to the person in question to my right.

"Is there something wrong, Master?"

.............

Yes! It's the maid! And a first-class maid, Katherine!

ＭＥＩＤＯ!? (maid) Why the ＭＥＩＤＯ is here?

I was already thinking about it when I was told about it. I had thought that Grandpa Randolph would follow me as usual - when I go to another village he has to come along with me to keep an eye on me.

Well, it's a hundred times better than being shuffled along in a carriage with that old man to the village- and besides, I don't know where that old man got the information from, but he asked.me "What is sexual art?" I was glad for my own asshole's sake that I wasn't being questioned in this enclosed space with no way of escaping.

Still - why Katherine?

Aren't you the caretaker and escort of my beloved wife Charlotte?

***

"During the Master's business trip, Mistress will be escorted by Randolph and taken care of by other maids."

Even Charlotte was surprised by that.

There was no doubt that she would have said, "I'll go with you." but she was a daughter of a noble family with a long history, even if she had regressed into a child. With Randolph standing by her side and the other maids in attendance, there was no way she was going to whine.

"We will talk about this later, Katherine"

"Of course, Mistress."

The maid, who was supposed to be Charlotte's personal maid, said with a nonchalant look on her face.

After all, it is bad to keep something on the husband and wife that you served, is it? But if Grandpa Randolph has made the decision, I have no say in the matter - and it's not easy to deal with a chief butler who is under my father's control. I'm sure my father would rather listen to Grandpa's report than mine, a problem child. Plus, there's no time, because even Charlotte would have been quick to overhear something from Katherine.

"It is the duty of a wife to take care of her husband's affairs in his absence."

She looks like a twenty-nine year old who has been asked to take care of a house for the first time ....... I'm not really a fan of the idea, but to be honest, It made me feel a little excited to be out with my wife's personal maid without her eyes on me.

And that settled. So this time my escort was Katherine. The villagers will be taking care of me as usual. The various formalities and other necessary arrangements had already been completed by the government officials.

And I am the one to make sure that everything was in order.

"Ora, giddy-up."

And then we got off.

***

And I was alone with Katherine in an enclosed carriage. I sure was nervous ......--alone with the beautiful, almost expressionless assassin maid.

"No, no nothing."

I was answering Katherine next to me when she asked me in the carriage.

"I see."

she behaves as usual. But.

-- aren't you too close?

She still wears her maid's uniform. Her hair is tied up in an updo with a white brim, a symbol of a maid. The close proximity of the two of us made the airtight carriage seem to be filled with her scent.

--I can smell it from the right side.

I'm so excited my heart is about to jump out of my mouth!

I've certainly had my share of physical activities with her (oral), and I've even had her suck my dick and drink my semen. But still, in many ways, it's a little bit of a thrill to be in a carriage touching each other's shoulders without my wife's watchful eye!

This carriage is a lord's carriage, and there are seats across from each other.

But she sat next to me and even came so close to me that our shoulders were touching. After the departure, the carriage was silent for a long time. Every time the carriage rocked with a thump, I felt her weight on me and my weight on her.

Oh no, this is a real affair trip.......

What am I supposed to do ..... and why is Katherine really accompanying me? She seemed to be interested in the sexual arts, but she wouldn't come until she get pushed right? I don't know her well enough to say that.

Right, so what can I talk about? I can ask about my wife childhood, but somehow I feel it would be wrong to talk about another woman when I am alone with her. But that would make me sound like I am interested of Katherine, .......

No, well, I am not wrong.

I could feel her calm breathing from our shoulders, I was worried that she might feel my ragged breathing - or, if she was as skilled as she was, with the "presence sense" skills of a first-class maid, she might be able to feel my heart racing. I am not surprised that she could sense the sweat in my palms.

"Desmond-sama."

"Hya ...... oh, what, Katherine."

Oh crap, that sounded weird. Dignity of the lord, dignity of the lord ....... I know that in front of Katherine, such thing is just a thin piece of paper but I'm not going to lose it.

I then struggle to hold it up so that it doesn't blow away.

"Does Desmond-sama have any sexual desire for me at this moment?"

"――――――"

"Your breathing and heart rate have both increased, your pupils are dilated, your nostrils flared, your body temperature has increased, and the smell of your sweat has changed. And there is a faint aroma, like when you were with Charlotte-sama."

--Seriously!?

I'm certainly getting a little blood there, but not enough of an erection to call it a boner, though my core is lightly hardened. This maid .... is she inviting me?

"............ Katherine, do you want to do it with me?"

"............ it seems so ."

".................." --Cross counter!

"But I do not want the Master's illegitimate children. I have noticed that the Master has been keeping women and maids away from his immediate surroundings since the first time I saw you. The same is true even now that Master has learned the sexual art and awakened to the sexual desire. Perhaps, Master does not want Mistress to see a woman conceived by his seed. Although the Mistress may say that it's okay if it really happens ......

Under normal circumstances, it is unacceptable to waste the seed of an noble and to not accept it in the vagina. However, Master seems to be able to ejaculate many times.

If you would allow me to do so, would you be willing to perform the sexual art on me as well? Since the day I drank your semen, the flame that lit up in my womb has only grown larger and, inevitably, it will not be quenched."

-- so Katherine told me with her narrow brown eyes. Her beautiful face was nearly expressionless, as usual, but the "gleam" in her eyes ...... was a little more than that.

"Is that why you followed me today ......?"

"Yes, it is indeed shameless but it is true. I would like to ask Master to perform the sexual art on me and get used to performing it on women other than Mistress. That was approved by Mistress earlier as well. And Mistress will become more accustomed to punishing Master by doing so, and the future of the two of you will be smooth--"

What a naughty idea of a maid to let her Master get punished. I am so glad you are my wife's maid! .... I think I already talked about this.

-- Katherine looked over, though it was the first time I had seen her that way.

"Is there something wrong?" I kept my voice as gentle as possible.

"............ Nothing......."

the weight on my right feels a little heavier and keener.

Thump, thump, thump.

I could feel my and Katherine's heartbeats getting closer to the rhythm as the carriage bounced.

"This is only a pretense. And I'm a crafty woman."

"............"

"If Master refuses, I will simply back out of this. However, if you will allow me to do so, I would like to at least drink your semen, ......."

"............"

"So Master? Would you like to?"

A cold, beautiful maid gently peeks in. Katherine is still nearly expressionless as usual. But even I can tell that her eyes are shaking with worry, even if I don't have as much sensing skill as she does.

--I honestly don't know why she is like this.

I can think of a number of reasons, but I wonder if that is all it takes for women to react this way. To put it bluntly, based on the sexual environment of this world and my experience in my previous life, I have no idea. But what I do know is that

This first-class maid is in heat because of me.

I put my right hand on Katherine's shoulder.

twitch.

There seemed to be a small shudder, though she did not respond.

"I'm sorry, I guess I've caused Katherine some trouble."

"No, nothing like that ......."

With this sweet face, blonde hair, blue eye, and Nobel mask that I didn't even dream of after I changed my life, I stared at the maid who was shaken by my words.

"Then I'll take the responsibility."

"Master ....... Thank you."

Then I scooped up her shapely chin with my left hand.

I was glad she didn't reject me, though I couldn't help but feel a bit nervous

"You can just drink my semen if you want, unless---"

I moved my lips closer to hers.

"No, no, wait, the kiss is ......."

"Is it no good?"

You're okay with a blowjob but not kissing? You allow the body but not the mind?

Or is she feels bad for my wife? ............Sorry!

I gulped hard.

"No, it is not. And there is no way I would refuse to do what your Master wants. I'm the one who asked you to perform the sexual art on me......."

I have never seen her say it in such a brusque manner, but, as if she had made up her mind.

"It was not until the moment I kissed master - that I became clearly aware that I was developing a sexual desire as well. Our lips touched, our tongues touched, and I "felt" him. That is why. I wanted to serve master penis like Mistress did......."

I felt a rush of delight down my back.

"Ah......."

Despite being stopped once, I pulled Katherine's chin up, which I still scooped up with my left hand - and then our heartbeats synced.

prevTOCnext

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko-if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"*slurp*, chu, ero.......fuh, .......n.......n.......master, ......aa .......*slurp*......"

The sound of illicit slurping can be heard in the carriage, and each time the carriage bounces on the uneven road, both of their lips intertwined even more lewdly

For the second time, the maid's lips were soft and lush, and there was a sweetness to them.

I put my arms around her slender back and pressed my lips against hers, biting and brushing our tongues together, as she wanted me to, imprinting her lips with the taste of kissing. licked around her cheek, tasted the back of her teeth, her tongue, and even brushed against her upper jaw. Then I let her swallow my saliva.

Katherine's narrow brown eyes squeezed shut and she let me violate her mouth. Her slender fingers caught my arms, clutching and holding me.

When our lips parted, leaving behind a long strand of saliva, her nearly expressionless face revealed some color even if only slightly.

Her eyes blurred and her lips slightly opened .......

A creeping, squirming, feeling crawls up my spine.

"Katherine, open your lips and stick your tongue out."

The little pink tongue that slithered out was so slimy and lewd.

"Hm, slurp, slurp......."

"Huff......n......"

Evidently, she was breathing hard. I bit the tongue that was served to me, licked and sucked on it, causing her to naturally entangle herself with me. I pulled her chin and let her lips point upward and poured my saliva into it.

"Swallow."

"............ nnn."

"Next, I want you to make me swallow your saliva."

"...................Then, Please excuse me."

When she brought her face on top of mine, she did the same with me and proceeded to pour her saliva down on me.

--So tasty. So sweet, the taste of sin.

"Keep going, and kisses me."

"Yes......."

With a hot, sweet breath she did as she was told by me. And now she inserted her tongue into me.

"Mmmm, ......n, mmmm ......."

To be honest, it was too much to swallow.

She flicked her tongue around inside my mouth, watching my reaction as she served Master's mouth. She made me swallow her saliva, sucked my tongue, and when I gave her some saliva as a reward, she pressed her lips tightly against mine and sucked them up. --It seems that under the mask of a first-class maid, there was something very dirty and sultry hidden underneath.

Frankly speaking, with that observant eye, I could easily be manipulated if I taught her the sexual art. I could not help but feel a sense of danger.

"Hah, master ......."

Her sultry breath suggests that she was begging for more.

"Hmph......."

When I sucked on her neck and bit her, she shivered faintly and remained obedient to me. I start to remove her apron dress, pressing down on her as I do so.

"Fu.......u......"

I have already had the opportunity to disrobe and dress women many times with my own wife, as well as with maids' uniforms. With the skills I have developed with my rightful wife, I attack her childhood servant.

That particular Madam had already agreed to it, and it was her maid who asked me for this. Moreover, she hid the fact that she was coming with me until my departure today and then asked to be subjected to sexual art.

"You are such a bad maid. Sneaky and crafty."

Says the man who licks all over her skin, which smells and tastes sweeter than his wife's.

"Sorry .......unn......."

When I sucked her harder, she shuddered like a flower in the wind. Making the clothes brush against her skin, my tongue crawls toward the small swelling bids. I love the feel of her smooth skin against my tongue and the way her silky skin gets wet with my saliva.

Charlotte and I are certainly in such a state of fruition that it's absurd to even compare the two. Even so, Katherine's breasts are shiny and beautiful. I dared not take off all of her clothes but enjoyed the scent of a woman rising from the gap between her form-fitting maid's uniform and the softness of her slightly revealing tits.

I rubbed her small breasts with my hands on her maid's uniform.

"Oh .......Master... the way you rubbing me is so .......hmmm .............."

"You talk back to me?" I sucked her harder.

"Haah ...... no, I didn't mean it ...... oooh ......."

She can't contain her expression as she was overwhelmed with pleasure.

No matter how much my wife condones this kind of thing and insists that this is not a cultural injustice, a part of my brain still complains that it is wrong. some screams and howls that women should not be humiliated and should behave as they wish.

And then there are the ones who, like this maid, now have a gentle hand rest behind my back and make me suck her skin, squeeze her little fruit.

I unbuttoned her shirt and let the maid's clothes slide down her body.

The moment the fruit appeared, even though it was small, it looked like a jewel. What's more, they were.

"Black?"

"Yes, I always wear this color of underwear .......Is master also getting excited by underwear?"

Her brown thin eyes are the same as usual, but with a hint of moisture that makes my heart palpitate. I mean, this maid is still very perceptive.

"It isn't only about underwear, but - you're right."

".............you say that it depends on the color, shape, situation, and who is wearing it?"

"............ you are indeed very intelligent."............ --Phew, scary.

"Thank you. And Master was excited that I was wearing black underwear........"

"Yes."

I answered.

"I'm so fortuitous"

"------" Just for a moment. her mouth lift up like she was smiling.

But my pure excitement is quickly pushed aside by an unexpected impure thought.

"I would like to know if there are any other colors or shapes of underwear that would make Master excited. Let us call the village lingerie maker and have them arrange it for you. Likewise, if you tell Madam, Madam will be rather pleased to adapt to the Master's tastes."

"Oh..... I can choose the color and style?"

"Presumably so. But You'll have to discuss it with the lingerie store."

"............ please get to it as soon as I get back."

"Yes, Master. then."

Katherine glanced down. Then I saw her black underwear as it was being caressed by her fingers. The contrast between the black cloth and the white skin was wonderful, such a masterpiece that it would have been a shame to remove it.

Eros is like a forbidden fruit after all.

"Is something wrong?"

She asked as I dug my fingers underneath the cloth. I enjoy the warmth of her small, but very nice pair of breasts as they are squeezed by the black cloth.

".......Umm .......I'm going to take it off, why......."

In this world without eroticism, Katherine still doesn't understand yet why I am interested in such things, although she is beginning to develop an interest in it.

"You'll understand" -wait, this is better. "I'll make you understand."

" Hmmm.........."

I gently rubbed the plumpness under her cloth, and she flinched slightly.

"Are you feeling it?"

" Well, not that I don't feel it, but I think I'm responding more to the idea of how it will make me feel........umm......"

I directly fondled the small fruit wrapped in a black cloth without removing her bra. I squeezed and kneaded it, and although Katherine was still mostly expressionless, I could see a slight blush on her cheeks and her sweet, heated breath.

There is no doubt that the flames of lust are beginning to ignite.

"Master you are truly fond of breasts"

"............That's right."

I had found her nipple. It was beginning to rise from the areola, even in its delicate outline, like when her mistress was aroused, albeit in a different size.

"Hmmm, n.......do you like my breasts?"

"If I didn't like it, I wouldn't have rubbed it so much."

" Hmm!"

I pinched her nipples causing her to exhale sharply.

"Do you hate it?"

She sounds unbelievably cute, and I can't stop myself from enjoying her. my trousers are already swollen to the point of ripping, and it hurts.

"No," Katherine shook her head quietly." I'm pleased, I think."

She had a faint smile on her face.

"Cute."

"..... yes?"

Too bad that smile faded.

"I said you are cute. You have a very pretty smile."

"... Please don't flatter me. Mistress is much better than me ..."

"I don't deny that Charlotte is beyond cute. But it is an undeniable fact that you look so lovely at the moment that I, who am crazy about my wife, am bewildered."

"Such thing is......."

"It's true. I want to see your smile again."

"Ah .......Master......."

I whispered into her ear and then licked around that shapely earlobe. Not forgetting to fondle her tits and squeeze her nipples, Katherine was now writhing even more than before, I took her tender hand and guided it to my crotch.

"So hot ......"

Her hands start to move without hesitation. The sweet sensation of pleasure invaded my core, and I could not help but wonder if I had let this skilled maid touch me too soon, but my pent-up lust was making me want to be touched by her.

I took off Katherine's bra. At the tip of her beautiful white twin mounds, a light pink bud was puffing out lovingly and seductively.

"Hah, Master, I am sorry, I know it is impolite to say this as a maid. But please, I beg you. I would like to ask you to lick and suck my nipples as you do to mistress. Please, ....... Oh, I'm so happy ...... mmmm ......."

I munched and licked around the tip of the little pulpy thing. The maid's slender limbs jumped and jerked as I tangled my tongue around them, and when I bit and sucked on them, a faint, sweet voice leaked out.

"*slurp*, *slurp*, ero ............"

"Fuuuu, ha.......hah.......master......."

She stroked my crotch as she was in a lustful state. It was such a luscious sensation that my hips began to twitch.

I can't stop sucking on my wife's servant's breasts. I was beginning to taste something salty.

" Ahhhh, ahhh, umm........."

Katherine was holding my head and pressing it against her own breast.

The carriage bounces and shakes on the bumpy road, mushing the voices in the vehicle as it heads onward.

I think it is wrong to do this, but the more I think about Charlotte, the more excited I feel. She is the only woman I can compare her to. So I'm using what I developed with my experience with her to her own maid.

Since this was approved by my wife, it should be fine - as long as I get plenty of naughty punishments later on. But to think that such things as the affair were a part of the culture and with married women, Then, I think I have no choice but to be obliged to it too.

--I know, I know, it sucks, Still.

I cradled the maid's back and down to her sinful, erect bud.

Then.

I suck on it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hah, ah .......master, this ...... this is............. mmmm .............."

"Chacha, *lick*, *lick*......"

"Nnnn, nnnn, nnnn, nnnn ......"

I couldn't see her face from here, but I could imagine she probably had a very nice expression on her face right now.

Her cold, almost expressionless beauty is gradually becoming more and more expressive, and I think her eyebrows may even curve into a 八 shape. And her voice is getting soft.

The reason why I could not see her face was that, although I am the master, I was crouching in front of the maid who was sitting on the couch and had my face stuck in her skirt.

I was enveloped in the scent of a sweaty, aroused woman in heat. I sucked on Katherine's pussy over the top of her panties. She was not as wet as Charlotte, probably because even though she was "anticipating" that arousal, and in heat, her body was not yet ready for it.

But then again, Charlotte was pretty easy to get wet from the very beginning........maybe that's the difference between virgins and non-virgins? Or maybe it's the lewd potential.

I don't have enough experience with women to be able to judge that.

So for now, I should just taste Katherine to my heart's content and develop her to the point that she gets all soggy. I mean, I need to stop comparing Katherine with Charlotte and concentrate on Katherine alone. Even Charlotte told me to love the other girl when I fuck them.

Katherine's pussy juice is also insanely delicious.

The sour taste of the liquid mixed with sweat that penetrated through the panties is irresistible.

"Chup, chup, *lick* *lick* ......"

Tucked into the maid's skirt, holding her tight, yet soft, womanly thighs, I sip the maid juice from her black panties. I push it in with my tongue and trace the shape of her pubic mound, making her panties radiate with lascivious allure.

--I'm feeling very lord-like right now.

A villainous lord, though.

"Hah, hah ......"

As she breathes like a dog, the increasingly sweat odor of the female in heat makes my reason go haywire.

" Hmmm!"

I could feel the maid's muscles tense up as I ran my tongue up and down her smooth thighs.

"Do you like legs as well, Master?" A slight trembling voice came from outside her skirt.

"Yes, but it's Katherine's legs that I'm smitten with. They are stunning."

I give her a compliment in a lordly way. From inside her skirt.

While licking her thighs!

"I'm flattered."

--Mmmm, no problem.

"*lick* *kiss*, chu-chu."

"......oooo ......"

I imprint my mark on her superb thighs before invading into the gap between her panties with my tongue.

"Ha ...... ah......."

I can't wait to see her writhing under this demon tongue that has finally snuck up on her.

The steamy scent.

The scent of the woman becomes denser and denser, and I lick and lick the soft flesh. My crotch is so hard that it feels like it's about to explode.

Katherine's pubic hair was thick and had the same reddish color as her hair. The inside of her skirt was dark, and I could only taste the bush by feel and taste, not sight, so I wiggled my tongue, remembering what I had seen in that bathroom.

" Oh, Master, you shouldn't be licking such a place ....... Kuku......."

*twitch* *twitch*

I can feel her shudder.

The first-class maid seems to have sensed the Master's desire, and she thrust her hips voluntarily, but her thighs are stiff.

These are just too irresistible .......

I slid her black panties to th side.

"Hyah!"

Wow, you make a crazy cute voice.

Good, good, I'm going to make you purr even more.

I licked the maid's exposed slutty slit up and down. With both fingers, I widened the slit, and what I felt trickling from my tongue was a dainty little lewd fold, like a flower petal. In this world without eroticism, it will likely stay pure and be in this shape forever.

But I'm going to mold it to fit my shape from now on.

"rero, chuu, hamu......"

"Hmm ... ha ....ah ....what is this ... Is mistress done this every day with master ... ha ... ha ... "

Done this every day?

--What was that?

"Do you envy her?...*suck*..." I ask while sucking on her cute little labia.......

"Ahh, ummm ......," her voice gets louder and heated.

I licked and teased her wet cleft and used my tongue to pry around her clitoris.

"Oh, no,.......I don't.......I'm,.......this,.......I'm,.......Master,.......forgive me........nnghhhh ......."

Those are one of the top things I'd like to be told as a Master, and now she's saying those to me.

"Chu-chu, chu-chu."

"Hihhhh .......what is this, what is this, what is this .......nnghhhh ......."

I rained kisses down on her clit, and I could see that her honey hole was overflowing with a thick, sticky juice. Her skirt was now damp, and the scent of the thick woman scent made me dizzy.

I have only fucked Charlotte so far, but to be able to make this talented maid make such a sound makes me feel confident as a man. Perhaps women in this world do not have a high tolerance for sexual stimulation because they did not have any concept of sexual pleasure.

--However, I don't think it is unrealistic to say that there is no sensation when a woman's clitoris or nipples are touched or rubbed in some way, but it seems that the lack of sexual desire prevents that sensation.

I pressed my lips against the maid's vagina, which was overflowing with pure ecstasy juices for the first time, and

*slurp slurp*

and drove my tongue into it.

"Ahh, hmmm .......a.......ah.......Oh, Master's tongue ........a..............mmmm .............. this, this is .......nnghhhh,......."

As the fountain of nectar overflows, I tease her with my tongue, taste her slick, untouched flesh, and slurp up as much of the maid's honey juices as I can.

Katherine was desperately trying to suppress her voice. Although she was leaking out her sweet voice, it was not very loud. But compared to her usual nonchalant tone, it was more than enough.

*lick* *lick* *slurp* *slurp*

My tongue swirled and slurped, my fingers pressed and squeezed her plump, swollen clitoris. The first-class maid's hips began to twist and turn, like a lecherous snake awakening from hibernation. Her voice was becoming louder and louder.

"Ah, Ma- Master .......something, something is coming .............please stop ............." Although she tries not to refuse her Master's demands, her tough female body tries to pull her hips away from me.

you! I will not stop until you cum!

I buried my nose in her red pubic hair, teasing her vaginal hole with my tongue and torturing the buds with my fingers intensely. The maid's voice was still muffled, but the juice that overflowed out of her undulating hips was enough to make Her Master's desire to taste her increase even more.

"Huh, this, this is ....... I, I'm ....... Mmm, n...... haaaaah ......."

"cum, Katherine, this is what it feels like when a woman was about to cum."

"c-cum ......? Uh ... u ... " I bet even Charlotte wouldn't think that this voice was Katherine's.

I'm going to educate this maid.

"Yes, when you cum, you have to say that you're going to cum."

"Yes, Master,......" she said, her limbs tensing up. "Uu.......ha.......I'm going to ...... Master, I'm being teased in the vagina by Master!! ... cum cumming!!! Hi, n~~~!!!!"

She moaned with her mouth closed, and the rush of pleasure ran through her whole body made her twitch and jerk, forcing her to spill the evidence of her climax into my mouth where my lips were pressed against hers.

Sweet nectar.

I gulped down the maid's first orgasm.

／

"Hah .......Katherine, I made you cum, so how about you make me cum too?"

She was breathing roughly in the aftermath of her first climax, and although her cheeks were flushed, it appeared that she was almost as almost expressionless as usual. Probably, as a maidservant, she has been so used to suppressing her expressions for so long that it has become second nature to her.

But that doesn't mean that her expression doesn't change. Even a slight change in facial expression is very noticeable, and a smile on her face is so precious that I want to worship it.

So, when she saw my penis, erect and on the verge of exploding, with those brown, narrow eyes, the corners of her eyes drooping slightly, and the sight of her red hair sticking to her sweaty forehead was enough to make me want to shoot my load.

Her small breasts, each with erect, pink nipples, are still rubbing at my skin.

But, with the dignity of a lord, I will endure until I get a proper lick.

"Excuse me, Master. Chuu, ahmm......."

"Fuuuu......"

She put her tender fingers on her master's angry flesh, and she voluntarily moved her face close to it and brought her tongue around to lick it.

After all, she had been asking to lick and suck it before.

*lick* *lick*

Her tongue, which is truly appropriate for a servant's act, touches the skin of my flesh and licks up and down on her master's rod that shivering with lust.

"Does it feel good?"

She looked up at me and said, that's perfect.

"Chu, Chu ......"

"Ku ..."

She kisses and licks it while looking up at me, fixated on my eyes.

I am glad I am the Master.

Her fingers wiggle and roll my balls. I gasp in shameful delight, then she sucked it into her mouth.

"Churro, erro ......"

"Oooh, ohhhh .............oo ......."

she licked the tip of my cock and moves her tongue in a circular motion. I groaned and staggered backward, without the dignity of a lord or the pride of a master.

Thump!

The carriage shook.

I stumbled back and sat down.

She followed the meat stick and continued to suck on it as she pressed against her Master's thigh.

"glug, glug, glug, glug......"

"Kuhhhh, oooh .......Katherine, you're so good ......."

I rubbed her reddish hair as I discharged some of my precum into her mouth. Her hair that was pulled up in a first-class maid's up-dos is now already slightly disheveled and, was stirred up by her Master's arousal.

"Jupa, Jyupa, Buppo, Buppo" Her mouth was filled with saliva and my liquid.

That feels good, that feels so good, Katherine .......kuuuuh ......."

At the height of my plesure, I scooped up her exposed small tits.

"Nmbuhhhh, hmmm, nmmm ......."

I love the way she makes me feel, the way her body resonates against my flesh. When I caught her plump nipples and fondled them, the rhythmic sliding of her lips incited all kinds of sensual feelings.

The master rolled up the maid's skirt as she sucked on the meat stick. Katherine's ass is as big and taut as Charlotte's - maybe even bigger.

Patting it, running my fingers over it, squeezing and rubbing it.

Then.

*slap*

"Nnnnghhhh, nnnnghhhh!"

"Katherine ...... don't tell me, You felt good with you got slapped?" It was just a light slap.

That kind of reaction makes me want to slam her down and make her accept my semen as a master, but my chicken heart slams the brakes on the very last straw.

No, let me rephrase it, it was my gentleman's heart that stop me.

But I'm not sure what to do in this situation.

I stroked her pussy over the top of her panties, thinking. Still, it was a line that I should not cross, even though I was having an affair right now. if I impregnated Charlotte, I would definitely impregnate this pussy too, but for now, I'll just let her swallow my cum in her mouth instead.

so.

the fate of my future offsprings are...

"Ggh, I'm about to cum.......Katherine, swallow it all."

"Nnnngggghhhhhh, mmmm, nnmmm!"

"Mmmm, ha ......."

She sucks it so hard that her cheeks squeeze my flesh, making a tube shape with her cheek meat, truly a mouth pussy.

--This maid is a very good.

Well, I'll give you a reward. It should be a reward if you're truly a masochist, so take this.

I caught Katherine's reddish head and rocked my hips into hers.

"Nnnnghhhh, nmbuuuuggghh♡"

The sensations transmitted from my penis tell me that she was obviously pleased. And me too, this was the first time I had ever done such a devious thing, but I was so eager to satisfy her - I lied. I was just letting my desires take over...

Thump!

The carriage bounced, stronger than before.

"Ngggh! Ngggghh! Nggghhhh!"

I pushed the back of the maid's head against my crotch as hard as I could and exploded in the back of her throat. I'd be lying if I said I didn't worry about whether it was safe to do this.

"Ngggghhhh, ......nggg......nggg♡"

She pressed her face against it as well, her small throat moving up and down, accepting the white fluid, That vibration transmitted to the meat rod, causing me to repeatedly throb over and over again.

Thud, thud, thud, my carnal organ throbs and pulses, spewing out its lust into the maid's throat.

"Kuhhh, oh damn.......that feels so good ......."

"Nkkkkk, nkkkk ...... ♡♡"

Katherine, a first-class maid, was sucking me while I was screwed all the way down her throat. She didn't let go until the last drop, sucking me up so that not a drop was left in my urethra, and then she finally let it go from her lips.

The look on her face took my breath away.

Her cold, beautiful face, which should have been almost expressionless, and her narrow brown eyes, were flushed to the ears with a hint of desire, and her eyes were drooping, her mouth closed and drooling.

"hmm, hmm"

She was chewing and tasting my cum.

"Nggu......♡ hah......"

The breath she drew out smelled of sex, and my pubic hair was sticking to her cheeks.

If you show me that look...

"--Ah."

The maid's voice was filled with delight, which of course I know was not my imagination.

"Master, if you don't mind....."

"Yes, of course. I would rather request you to do. As long as Katherine is willing, you can suck me off as much as you want."

"Thank you, please allow me. Hamu"

I moan as the maid's mouth sucks me right away.

I then proceeded to gently stroke my wife's maid, who accompanied me because she was so eager to practice her sexual techniques on me, while patting hard on her buttocks. I touch her head, her ass, her tits, her nipples, her slit, and her anus. I was enjoying her body as much as I could, I made her mouth swallow loads of cum as much as I could with my 【body enhancement (sexual)】.

On top of that, I even shot her in the face.

Thump Thump Thump

Even the vibration of the carriage rocking on the rough road is an interesting addition. I think I should at least give a bonus to my excellent secretary for saying that this road should remain as it is. Well, I'm sure she'll reject that too, saying that we shouldn't spend extra money. I admire her foresight.

This space was a closed chamber, I frown at the smell of sex, but Katherine seems to be irresistible to it. She continues to serve me while sniffing hard.

If it was only the smell of a male, I wouldn't be able to stand it, but if it was mixed with the scent of a bitch in heat, I would be more than willing to give in to this aroma.

"Hah, chu-pu, Master, my lord......♡"

--Isn't she fallen too quick? She isn't acting, right?

At first, I was pleasantly surprised. but now I am not sure if I'll be able to handle it. This woman was supposed to be my escort, right? I'm not going to be sucked to death by the maid, right?

The chicken-hearted me thought to myself.

But somehow, the carriage finally arrived at the Moiré village.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the past, Moiré village was a small, remote village at the foot of the mountains.

Because of its mountains and forests, it was originally more prosperous than the old capital (laugh) of Aldora. Still, that was only by comparison. They are far from wealthy. They make their living mainly by hunting and gathering. It was possible to grow crops, but there were very few things that able to take root here, and it was better to take risks and go into the mountains.

Since they choose to hunt and gather as opposed to farming, it is easy to see why they are rather underdeveloped. Compared to that, Aldora is arguably better.

Either way.

The people who settled here were also those who had to travel to such secluded places ...... and their descendants, the villagers here are also people with such natures.

When I was in Aldora and working hard to improve the land, I wondered if I could somehow improve this place as well, but that would not mean tearing up the mountain. Aldora was originally a modest agricultural type, so improving the soil was feasible, but this village had hardly been farming at all. Developing the land for farming would simply result in a richer lifestyle, but it is not something that this village embraces.

It is quite reasonable to say that it is more important to be wealthy than tradition and pride, and the first step of that is to improve the environment for living. But if that were the case, they would not have continued to live in this region in the first place. They should have joined Aldora, and then maybe we would have been able to expand our farmland with the extra manpower.

In the privileged world, those who seek profit and efficiency over tradition and pride are the ones who come after others and say, "It's easier this way, so do it." They are simply being hypocritical, not considering the sentiments of others, the ones who came before them. They believe that their own standards are superior and that those who do not follow or adapt are behind the times and barbaric.

Of course, it is foolish for people to be too caught up in tradition and ruin their own lives. Still, it is not possible for human beings to just "live" without thinking about their beliefs. purpose and dignity, that is what makes us human.

That is the difficult part, but I decided not to reform the land in this village, but rather to develop its strengths.

And it worked out well. Now now - don't think that you can do whatever you want to us just because you're a lord, okay? If you try to hold them down by force, they will resist even if they are the last, and even if they have only a tooth or a nail as a weapon, they will definitely take revenge on you! The villagers, who had been so eager to help me, now looked at me as if I were a guardian god, just like the inhabitants of Aldora.

Well, admittedly, I didn't start out with such a complicated idea in mind, it's not that I was threatened by the villagers' pressure and fighting powers!

Anyway, there were times when I felt as if I could count on Randolph, and at the same time, I thought, "This old guy is really badass."

"Welcome Desmond-sama, we have been waiting for you, thank you for visiting us."

The sun was setting when I arrived at the Moiré village.

A row of wooden houses huddled together in a small, compact space. The sun was shining red in the sky, and anyone with an artistic sense would have been moved by the warmth from the past that was so poignantly appealing to one's heart.

But unfortunately, I have already visited the village many, many times, and instead of being overwhelmed by the feeling of the scenery, I was so overwhelmed by the pressure. When I got off the carriage, I was greeted with an enthusiastic welcome by the village chief and all the villagers. It should be chilly on a spring evening, but their eagerness and physique are making it rather hot and humid. --I'm not joking, it is really hot (physically).

"I heard that you are accompanied this time not by Randolph-sama, but by a maid, and a beautiful one at that. This is truly a sight for sore eyes."

The village chief, smiling cheerfully, is well tanned and looks to be in his late thirties. I think he is very young for village chief, but - well, I suppose it is natural for this place. In this village, the "chief" is regarded more in terms of his strength than his political power, so the most powerful person in the village leads the village as chief, and the advisors decide the political and foreign affairs of the village.

Therefore, the village chief is, to be frank, a tough, hard-boiled guy. The advisors are also older than the chief, but they all have good physiques. From the looks of it, they seem to maintain themselves really well......

But in this world where there is no sexual desire, there is not the slightest hint of a lustful gaze to her, even though Katherine is being called beautiful. It is just nothing but an impression.

'I smell something weird' 'Is it from the lord?'

It's definitely better than being asked something like that. ――So before this, I had already taken measures against the smell of juice with 【Clean】, So now I'm presentable, all neat and tidy.

--But I am the only one who knows about the Eros and the pleasures of women.

I almost chuckle to myself, then I realize that in front of me are mountains of muscles as far as the eye can see.

"Haha, the women of this village are no match for her."

I do my best to keep my cheeks from twitching. Although there are many beautiful looking women in this world, and the women of this village are no less beautiful, they also have a supple and toned physique, if not outright muscular - I don't think I can beat them in terms of sheer strength.

"I'm sorry if I caused you any inconvenience, my lord. Now then, let us carry your luggage. Hey, you guys!"

"Hey!" "Ooo!"

It's like I'm in the gym...

――――But.

"That's not necessary."

"Whoa!" And then came the collective gasp from the guys and the ladies.

Katherine, single-handedly, lifted all the luggage we had brought with us. Truth be told, I don't really need that much luggage, clothes, daily necessities, etc., my clothes (and underwear) can be managed with 【Clean】, and I'm not putting on any cosmetics.

I only needed one bag - but I brought whole baggage for the official business of a lord, and for show. The contents were gifts for this village. Since the other side knew the contents of the package it was nothing to show off either, but it was also too much for both sides to distribute it here.

So I bring it as my luggage and hand it over there after the appropriate formalities. It was a gift to be given to the entire village. It was a small village, and there were not a lot of goods on the back of the wagon, but enough to fill a whole cart.

This time it was strawberries and liquor made in Aldora.

Fruits are favored by women, and booze is for both men and women alike.

To the untrained eye, its volume is just two barrels or so.

But inside, there is more than the apparent volume packed in by magic. Normally, it would take several men in this village to carry it, but she carries it easily and walks with her normal, almost expressionless face.

I can't believe that she is the same person that was sucking on my rod so enthusiastically just a few minutes ago. Well, it's more like her appearance from earlier that is so far from her usual appearance.

And by the way, our stuff is store using Katherine's magic,【Storage】. I was thinking that we could have just use【Storage】to store this box to make things easier.

But now the villagers recognized her as more than just a pretty maid.

-scary.

"You have a masterful attendant, Desmond-sama. I would very much like to have one round with her later."

...................

--one round.

Of course, it's not a fight in bed, but a full-on, physical battle. The eyes of men and women are shining brightly at that. Damn these battle-hungry goons.......

Whether she knew it or not, there was no way that this maid was unaware of the heat that was swirling around her. After all, she is a first-class maid with an excellent "presence sense".

Instead of being swayed by the weight, she was heading toward the lodging house at a steady pace. I go along with her, doing my best to behave like an honorable nobleman and a lord.

--But...

"What's wrong, Master?"

"............ nothing."

"I see."

Oh, I hope everything goes well this time.......

My "chicken sense" kind of ruffles its feathers a bit.

／

"Des-sama!"

As soon as we were led to the house of Ian, the village chief, his daughter Monica hugged me tightly. As Katherine was about to react, I barely managed to stop her with my hand.

Monica hugged me with all her might.

"Ohh!" It's nice to be hugged by a fifteen-year-old girl, especially one who's an athletic, battle-hardened girl - well, she's also a very pretty girl.

She has shoulder-length flaxen hair and hazel eyes. She has the tanned complexion typical of a lively girl, and I've known her since she was as small as Emily. It was like a relative girl who fondly missed me, Just like Emily, In many. many ways, Yes Just like Emily (I said that twice because it's important.) Without having to worry about anything, I can just hug her and pat her head with pure, innocent affection.

"Heh heh heh."

And her innocent look is also a healing factor for me. She's getting more feminine these days. Did this girl smell this sweet? I gradually began to think some unpure thoughts.

--Ummm, it's fine, it's fine.

Physically, though, things are not fine.

I was too friendly for being the noble and lord, but I had said "It's fine" to her when she was still a little girl, it would be hard to say "no" to her now, since she was so fond of me, and I felt sorry for her. And I don't want to stop her from doing this because I can feel her growth.

My feelings are innocent, like checking on the growth of a girl relative.

Besides.

"Oh, Des-sama, it's been a long time! Ahh... Des-sama's smell, *sniff* *sniff* *sniff*.

I think it's mutual...

"............ so envious."

huh!?

There was a whisper in my head just like Charlotte. Since Charlotte is not here, that means. -unh, Is that you? Katherine?

--but when I turned my head away while Monica squeezed me, she still had her usual cold, beautiful, nearly expressionless face. Still, her narrow brown eyes were directed at the lively 15 year old girl that clinging to me.......

Am I the only one who feels some sort of chill?

"Monica, it's time for you to get off and let Desmond-sama take the seat. Moreover, you'll be with him later anyway--"

"--Hmmm, yes, that's right, okay."

Well, I couldn't say, "I'll be your chair, and we'll see how you grow in other areas," because that would cause a catastrophe of my dignity, but - later?

--Well, I guess that means She'll have plenty of free time with me later.

That's what I plan on doing, too. Of course, I mean that in the purest sense. Just as Katherine had been asked for a fight by the villagers, Monica like to spar with me too. But it's more like an extended hug session than a fight.

I'm a lord, after all, and she knows that, so she's not going to get serious and throw me to the ground. --I don't think I could win if she really tried. The only exercise I do is walking around the territory, and I've only recently added bed exercises. Although it is getting to be a very hard full-body workout, there is no way I can beat her, who is always running around in the fields and mountains and hunting.

After a short pleasant chat, I brought in a souvenir and give it to the village chief.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The village chief, Ian, poured me a cup of sake. It was a glass sake bottle and a glass cup. These are the tableware that had been prepared for the Lords only (two sets), and this place was also built for the accommodation of the Lord. The building was made only in order to show that lords are different in status from their subordinates, and although it is a two-story building about one size larger than the village chief's house, and although the interior is well done, it is still not suitable as a place for a lord to stay. To give an idea, it looks like a log house at a campsite. However, I actually like it because it looks like a villa in a summer resort.

However, I don't like the bears, deer, and monsters heads that have been displayed to add a touch of luxury to the place. Some of them were killed by Randolph's grandfather, which reminds me of him, whether I like it or not, and makes me feel like I'm being watched.

And behind me, Katherine stood like a shadow. I wasn't worried when Randolph was standing behind me, but when she stood like a shadow, I was really uncomfortable. I guess she was trying to make herself as invisible as possible so that her master wouldn't be bothered, but the way she did it was very like an assassin, and it was scary. I wanted to ask her to sit at the same table with me, but unfortunately, I couldn't do that.

The status of a lord is also troublesome.

The table made of wood was packed with all kinds of mountain harvests, meat of various animals, soups, nuts, and village liquor - It's like Doburoku(unfitered sake).

As for me, I would rather be served by the maid than the muscular, tanned village chief.

Unfortunately, in this world without a sense of eroticism, while beautiful women are certainly valued for their looks, the lack of the concept of having a girl at one's side to entertain one's guests is a regrettable and unpleasant one. No matter how much the status of a great man pouring drinks for his guests, it is still sad that I have to drink sake one after another from a bulky older man.

By the way, I have already【strengthened】 my liver function by 【physical enhancement】. I can't even imagine misbehaving with my lord while on official duties - to be honest, I never drank this much even on a regular basis - When I drink this much, I feel like to have a woman on m side. But still, in this erotic-free world, if I asked to embrace a woman, no matter how much I was a lord, I would have been expelled from the village of this beefy village.

Perhaps it isn't. Even so, the relationship and position between the lords and the people are very important.

However, normally, I would have--

"Where's Monica?"

I asked.

Usually, girls don't usually come here to serve, except for Monica, who takes advantage of being the daughter of the village chief to come and sit next to me. Ian should have known that I would be more than happy to have her pour me a drink.......

Ian, however, looks a little funny.

"She is attending a wedding ceremony."

"Oh, a wedding ceremony..."

----!?

"Wait who's getting married?"

"It's Monica. She is fifteen years old this year and she finally reached her wedding date the other day. Moreover, she was really looking toward it like she was targeting prey. She's my daughter after all, and she has the blood of a hunter who never lets his prey escape."

"Ah, ah ......."

There's still sake in my cup, so I drink it all up before accepting the offer.

But my innermost thoughts were, of course....

--I thought she was a child, and I still think she's a child....... but she just hugged me earlier, and the feel of her hugs...... still... Monica finally.......

I'm feeling quite emotional. I'm not sure why it hasn't come up before.......

I have an itchy feeling. She has grown up.

"Desmond-sama, your nose is reddened."

"----."

I hurried to compose myself at Katherine's whisper. The concern of a first-class maid is not to ruin the dignity of her lord. I feel like I'm having a proper servant for the first time, However, I can't help but have mixed feelings when she points out this change.

Monica is getting married ......

The villagers distribute the souvenirs I bring and hold a party in the square every time. Even here, I can feel the noise from outside. I, the Lord, am not invited. After all, the people in this village are all athletic types. It would be bad for me if they did something strange to the lord after drinking alcohol.

And to tell you the truth, I am fine with watching the party from the outside, I am not good at joining in the party and not a fan of it either.......

But it is certainly something, being able to overlap a wedding ceremony at the time of this diner.

"Well, then--" I was very tempted to go and congratulate them now, But if suddenly a big-status uninvited guest showed up, Things will probably heat up in a bad way. it's not my chicken-heart mind you, but I really have a bad vibe about this.

"I will be happy to congratulate her later. And of course, to her man too."

"What?"

The village chief looked at his wife with a questioning look on his face. Then, timidly.

"Surely you jest, Desmond-sama? Monica is to be married to the guardian deity, in other words, you"

"Huh!? - Me?"

That means the prey that they're talking about is me!?

I exclaimed with a funny voice.

"Because, Desmond-sama allowed one person per village to marry the Guardian Deity of the Land, right? Monica is my daughter, the chief of the village of Moiré, and since all of my older daughters were already married, that role was given to Monica. I thought we already agreed on that a few years ago."

Eh? What, did I say that?

Instantly, I was flooded with memories -- wham wham wham wham --

"When I grow up, I'm going to be Des's wife."

"Ha ha ha, Sure when you grow up."

"Wow, I'm so happy, you really promise? Des-sama!"

"Oh, okay, okay. Ha ha ha ha ha~ (echo)."

-- wham wham wham wham -- the end.

Whaaa!?

What? Wasn't that an "I'm going to be daddy's wife when I grow up" kind of talk? It's true that recently I was given "I'm going to be daddy's wife when I grow up" by my own daughter, not a relative's girl, with a concrete plan, but it's not a thing that is simply decided by a verbal agreement.......

"At that time, I asked Randolph-sama, and he said that he'd made an official paper about it."

--Ah!

I do remember agreeing to the document that the village of Moiré would like to be approved, Is that it?

But the other party is ......No that would be according to the precedent ............

But...

"Monica received the document and immediately had it delivered to Desmond-sama's mansion, and we received a response that shortly that you would be here to replenish the magic in the defense equipment. We thought that Desmond-sama had already been told about this, so......."

"--Ah."

Came a voice from a figure behind me.

No way, was that-?

I turned my head to look at her.

I saw a lovely, elegant maid with an almost expressionless face, but she was putting on a very serious expression, even if it was only slightly. She quickly bows with a ninety-degree angle.

"I am sorry, I was so nervous in the carriage in which I was with the master, I missed the time to tell you about it. Such a blunder ....... I can't believe it myself, and I will accept any and all punishment that made women crazy ......."

No, no, no, if you said that to me like this, It looks like you were just trying to get punished, right?

However, although I have not fully grasped Katherine's personality, I think that even if she is a perverted masochistic maid who is crazy about drinking cum from her Master's penis, she is not the kind of woman who would intentionally fail at her job in order to receive punishment.

This means now, this woman is even more nervous than I was, to the point of nearly losing it.

--Well, isn't she cute?

But this was a terrible mistake. Well, I was so shocked by her that I forgot to ask Randolph if there were any girls who wanted to use their first-night rights, just like I usually asked Randolph in the carriage.

――No, I don't think I asked Katherine back there either.

And the reason I usually did that is because I usually accept all first-night rights, so it would be a nice surprise, or so I thought, being the semi-sexually active person I was before I regained my memory. Again, the past came to kill me with all its might.

I just got my memories back from my previous life, and it has been and will continue to be me, but what the heck.

I mean, I can't just leave the maid apologizing to me by bending over ninety degrees as if I were a demon lord. Even if I wanted to show the dignity of a lord, this kind of demonstration is not what I want.

Ian and his wife, who was supposed to have been so happy and friendly all this time, were holding their breath.

"Katherine, lift your head."

"Yes, Master......."

-oh, I think her eyes are red and she looks like she's about to cry.

It was only a very slight change and one that would have been noticeable only to someone who had been paying close attention to her. It was rather a treat to see it, and it didn't fail to stimulate my desire to be a bit of a jerk - but I'm not the kind of lord who would cut someone's head off with a single mistake. What had happened was indeed crucial, but in the end, it did not lead to anything too serious.

"Don't ever do that again."

"Yes, I'll keep that in mind."

Ian and his wife shared a look of relief.

But what I didn't expect was that they were afraid of me. Well, if you are a lord, naturally they would be afraid of you. But I don't think I've ever demonstrated such a thing... Oh, is it Grandfather Randolph? It is his doing right? Even if it is a weapon that is not truly in my hands, it would still be an indication if someone had such a thing.

Grandpa Randolph, You....

But what's done is done.

"Still, Katherine, I will punish you later. Keep that in mind."

"Yes, I am sorry."

The maid bowed her head with elegance.

Is it too much of a stretch for me to say that she looked a little happy?

"I'm sorry, I showed you something embarrassing."

"No, no, It's fine......" Ian and his wife replied nervously.

So this is why I'm not a fearful lord ..... or am I? .......

Nevertheless, Ian said.

"So about the marriage......"

Haha, how pushy. But you're my subjects, you better be strong.

"Rest assured. I'll take the offer. Monica will be married to the guardian deity who protects this land, and she uses her first-night rights to ask me for a child. Then, as proof of her marriage to the guardian deity, I will breed her until she is impregnated."

When I said that, the parents of the fifteen-year-old daughter's faces lit up.

--I feel like I'm going to puke blood when I say that.

To think that I used to be able to say such a thing without thinking much about it before. And besides...

"Thank you, Desmond-sama, please impregnate Monica. She loves Desmond-sama so much she said she couldn't even think about having another man's child."

Wow .......seriously, I'm glad that she likes me, but that's quite intense....... I'm glad, but.

I mean, she's just like Sophie, Emily's mother.

"Now, please, Desmond-sama, I'm sure that the man of your caliber has nothing to worry about, but this drink has nourishing and energizing effects, so tomorrow night, please."

"Oh, leave it to me. I'll make sure your daughters are impregnated." With that, I drained the rest of the liquor from my cup and a new glass of liquor from Ian. --Cough! (puke blood)

The guardian deity of this land.

In other words, me. I have made this territory rich by doing various things. It's not only the capital Aldora, but also the Moiré village.

They were so grateful to me that it reached the point of being worshiped, and I was regarded as a guardian deity. Although the commoners are that grateful, I don't really feel that way. And I don't think they really feel that way either.

And it's not like I had acquired godhood or anything.

Still, in that sense, that concept was useful for one thing.

I mean, a commoner and a noble-born can't marry. But a commoner can marry a deity.

For example, in the old traditions, sacrifices were made to calm flooding rivers or to bring rain in times of famine, and the human sacrifice, Rather than using such words to describe it outright, they sometimes referred to it as marriages with spirits or the god. Some of them were said to be a demon. Some even just a person that called themselves god.......

Here comes a brilliant woman who has discovered this history, a woman who is both frail and intelligent. And by the way, very strong.

And with all her brilliance, she was able to find out the concept and put together this bizarre idea.

She had a theory that she, the mayor's daughter, would sacrifice herself to the "god" of the land, use her wedding night rights to give birth to a child, which would be me, a noble, and then received the seed into her vagina until she gets pregnant. Until she gets a child with magical powers to prove she has truly married the "god".

That's exactly what she did. I was emotionally moved by it. In hindsight, I realize that she was quite insane at the same time as she was burning with the flame of love for me.

Once I started the practice of receiving first-night rights, I received the requests one after another. Still, the other girls were not get ejaculated in the vagina until they were impregnated. In order to increase the probability of pregnancy, the girls in the territory used to request it on the day of their ovulation, but it was not guaranteed, and children with magical powers are difficult to conceive, so the probability was low to begin with.

And the children who were the result of success were called 《D-children》

What Monica is trying to use this time is not the regular first-night rights, but the special one.

I was being asked by Monica, who I thought of as a cousin girl and who I had been watching over as an uncle since she was about Emily's age, to give her a proper mating, and moreover, with a big passion that she didn't want any other man but me.

No--no, seriously, is this what that premonition was about?

I was half thrilled, half disgusted, and I didn't even want to mention how nervous I am right now.

The burden on my chicken heart is immeasurable for something that I never thought was waiting for me. On an affair trip, I was so excited about cheating and about the punishment that was waiting for me. I think it would be considered insulting to call it a punishment, rather than calling it a punishment, I would have to say that it was a reward.

Then, after Ian and his wife, who looked relieved, had treated me well enough, I told them that they should go to the ceremony too and that I had had enough of their company. After all, it was their youngest daughter who was to be the star of the wedding.

I was the outsider, but even though Monica would conceive my child, it would be the "Deity" who marry her. I, the "noble" will not participate in the ceremony.

Well, I thought I should go to bed, but...

I was in the same room with "her" and she was waiting for the punishment that I was going to give her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Master, I am so sorry."

Heading upstairs to the second floor of the lodging house, to the bedroom, the maid bowed her head again. In my previous life, when someone commits wrongdoing, they often made a public apology. she bowed so sincerely that I wished I could learn from her.

It makes me feel like I'm in the wrong just by looking at her.

The lamp light highlights her reddish up-do hair, the white brim which is the sign of a maid, and the elegant, classic maid's uniform, which is out of place in a rural village, even though she does her best to accommodate her lord. These things are highlighted with shades that make them seem even more glamorous.

"Raise your head, Katherine."

"Yes ......."

The maid's eyes were red, and her features were quivering with apology.

This was not a mistake she made intentionally in order to get punished, after all. And she's a first-class maid - if she made a mistake because she was so excited about sexual technique, that would be a bit clumsy, though it was impolite of me to probe her to that extent.

Though she's pretty cute like this.

Let me be a jerk for a bit.

I shot my blue eyes at her. A tall, blond, blue-eyed, sweet-looking nobleman. Sitting on the bed, I stare at the maid standing there.

From the outside, it definitely looks like a setup for a drool-worthy, naughty situation.

"You have become so absorbed in doing degrading things to me that you have neglected your work. Really, what kind of discipline has Charlotte been giving you? You are my wife's maid, but you are my maid now because you have followed me on my official business, even if it's because you are servicing me. It is unforgivable that you humiliate your master like this."

"I am sorry, master......."

Katherine turns her face down.

--Wait, wait, Don't cry, okay?

That's not what I want to do.

"Therefore, I am going to punish you."

I noticed the maid's limbs tensed up and stiffened.

"You didn't expect me to punish you now, did you?"

"That's.....no"

"Then come over here and lift your skirt up so I can get a better view of your underwear. Let me see if you're getting aroused or not."

"----"

I felt Katherine gasp. She stepped in front of me like a cat striding toward me, and then.

Ooooh .......the maid rolls up her skirt to reveal her black underwear as she turns her eyes away from me. The light from the lamp beautifully illuminates her white, soft thighs, and the shadows of her groin, belly, and navel are irresistible. the garter belt and white socks! the contrast of white, black, and pale skin is a work of art!

No wonder, in a world where eroticism exists, masters are so often tempted to put their hands on their maids. I reached my fingers through her underwear to the maid's private, which I had enjoyed in the carriage.

*touch* *touch* from the feeling of my fingertips, it doesn't appear to be wet.

"O......."

"Are you feeling it, Katherine?"

" Master's fingers are so ..... indecent.......hmm ......."

"I don't see how you can fault me, Katherine. I'm just touching you, and your body is getting all naughty."

I rubbed the area around her entrance.

"Huff ......."

As I rubbed and traced the slit through the cloth, it begin to heat up.

"After all, you have a naughty, shameless body."

"That's not .......forgive me, master....... Ah........"

"Forgive? What are you talking about? I have not punished you yet. This is just to make sure that you are not taking pleasure in this punishment that you are going to receive."

*flick* *flick*

Using my middle finger as a hook, I pulled her black panty to the side. And there, I found her tightly closed slit.

*slick♡*

I lightly touched it and pull my finger back, A lewd string of liquid followed.

"Umm, you are so wet, aren't you?"

"that's because master is .......ahh......."

She refrained from saying anything further.

Mm-hmm, isn't she a good girl?

I have to admit that I have been uncomfortable with her so far because of her graceful presence, her assassin-like behavior, and even her piercing gaze sometimes seems as if she is staring down at me. but now my appetite for her was growing more and more intense. While shifting her panty with my middle finger, I used the thumb and forefinger of my left hand to stretch and slide her puffy, soft flesh.

slick♡♡

and spread her closed slit open.

The light made this female's flesh look even more lascivious and glamorous. As I played with it, it was moist with nectar. Causing my rod to fully erect, noticeably formed a large tent on my trousers.

A faint moan escaped her. I switch my index finger to my middle finger, spread the crack, and rub it.

"Ha, ah ......."

Without resistance or protest, the maid who misbehaved is tortured by the master's fingers.

"This is a punishment, but if you enjoy it, it won't be a punishment would it? I don't want this to become a habit so that you make mistakes on purpose because you want to be punished."

"I won't do such a thing. hmm!"

She exhales sharply when I rubbed around her opening.

Oozing honey smeared on her thick, red hair.

"Katherine, take off your panty."

"---- yes."

The skirt of her maid's uniform lifted a bit, and with fingers inserted under it, she slides the panty down her shapely legs.

"I've removed it."

"Good, now hand it to me."

"............ yes."

The freshly undressed thing that had been enveloping the maid's precious part. I suppress the urge to bury my face in it. I turn the crotch part inside out to take a look.

I focused my magic power on my eyes to improve my eyesight and looked at "it" as if I holding it up to the light of a lamp.

Even though it was black and hard to see, there was a sticky smear on it.......

"M-Master, I...."

Being a first-class maid, she no longer asked for forgiveness or me to stop. She just stared at her master, her shoulders shaking faintly, as I peered into the most embarrassing part of what she had just undressed.

If you react like that....

"*sniff sniff, sniiif......*" --I can't help but smell it.

"Ah! ......Ah, that's ......."

"*lick lick*"

"Hah.......hah ........So .... underwear can be used as a sexual art as well......."

As she said this, Katherine fidgeted, rubbing her thighs together.

"You're feeling it, Katherine. You are a naughty maid. This is something I have to train you on behalf of Charlotte, it seems."

"Master will train me......."

"Yes, and you look very happy."

"Something like that is.......-- yes ......"

"come here." "yes."

I sat cross-legged on the bed with the slutty maid's thighs resting against my legs. I could feel her breathing heavily, which made me breathe harder. Now that I'm in this position, of course, I have to do something.

Smack!

I rolled up the skirt of her maid's uniform. Her big, firm buttocks appear. Her white ass, bathed in the light of the lamp, lewdly lured the man into an obscenity. The garter belt that suspends the white socks is so erotic.

Katherine shivered and trembled on my lap as I stroked and squeezed it with my hands. How could I not be aroused by this? However, this is her punishment.

Smack!

"Aah!"

I slapped her a little harder, and her body jumped.

--Yes, spanking.

Very classic punishment. But that is not the kind of punishment that makes a woman roll her buttocks out and sit on one's knees like this. Furthermore, the reaction and the sound of it already have my crotch painfully throbbing.

"Katherine, this is your punishment."

"M-Master......this is quite....this is too embarrassing."

"That's why this is a punishment."

*slap!*

"Hii!"

The white buttocks that had been slapped reddened so much since her ass was so fair and white. I feel guilty because it looks so painful. But this was a punishment. I could have punished her by having sex with her, but I think that would be a reward.

I had a feeling that this could be a reward for her too ........ eventually, but not yet...

Smack! her white buttocks bounced seductively. I rubbed the reddish part with my hands, which must have been tingling with pain.

Smack!

"Fuu!"

Smack! Smack!

"Hifu, Fuii ..."

-your voice, is it getting sweeter?

I reached my finger to the crack..

"Katherine, aren't you getting wetter?"

"T-That's not true."

--Ho ho!

I was impressed. She is clearly a perverted masochistic maid, but she hasn't admitted it yet. I can't help but feel a rush of excitement and thrill.

"Hii.......hii......."

Toying with it, I let my fingers play with the small labia and rub the wet slit. I traced the outline of the hole lightly and then ran my finger over the source.

"Hah, ah .......Master .......do you like to torture me ......?"

Oh no, I never thought I was one of those guys.

"No, I'm just being lured by Katherine, who likes to be teased."

I sank my finger into her vagina.

"Ahhhh, a......uuhh.......master, your finger is ......."

The hole is so tight. She was a maid with such a beautiful, elegant appearance that Master would have loved to defile her, because of her not being married and this is a world without sexual desire, I bet I was the first to reach this deep inside her.

I enjoyed the virgin's tightness, and ran my fingers along it, lightly loosening it in preparation for the time when I would eventually take it. Then, remembering that this was supposed to be a punishment, I pulled out my finger.

Slap!

" fwah! Oooh, hmmmmm.......,"

"Katherine, You are obviously enjoying it, knowing that you've getting punished."

"Such thing is ......."

Smack!

"Hmm!"

Her hips wriggled and her ample buttocks jerked.

"How else can you call anything but feeling it." *smack* *smack* "I'm hitting and smacking you, not pleasing you!" *smack* *Slap!!*

--That's a good sound.

I'm liking it.

"Ah.......ah......."

Katherine moaned softly. Her ass, which should have been white and in shape, now reddened, and I felt something I'd never felt before, something that made me thrill.

I stroked her reddened ass and traced down her crack as she twitched.

"Ahh, fuh ......."

The woman's overflowing lust was making her soggy and wet. I toyed around this sticky heat liquid with my fingers, My desire boil and increase in viscosity.

Using my fingers, I scooped up some of the slimy juice.

"Katherine, this is the end of your punishment. But from now on, don't make a mistake on purpose just because you want a punishment. You understand?"

"Yes .......I- I understand....... But ......."

It's interesting how her back ripples when she breathes. Besides, I love the way her hips undulate and her erotic voice leaks out when I torment her pubic area.

"But what?"

I scoop up the overflowing honey.

"Ngh ...... but" she writhes, "the punishment is over......."

Hearing this, I can't stop smiling.

"I didn't know you wanted it that badly. --Well, the punishment is over. But ......."

I scooped up some of her slimy juices.

and smeared it onto the top hole.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Aah, hah! Master, what-what are you doing! Oh......."

I smeared the flowing nectar repeatedly onto the writhing maid's sternum. I scoop up and rub, scoop up and rub, and let it seep into each and every crease of her wrinkled folds, and then I press and rub lightly, gradually increasing the force of my touch.

"wakuuuh ...don't........don't........please..... such a dirty hole.............ngh........."

As I smeared it, I felt it begin to go in a little deeper and deeper as her hole tightened.

"Is this, is this also the sexual art .... oooh?"

"Yes, this is one of them. I haven't even tried it on Charlotte yet, this is my first time using this technique........Katherine, this is not a punishment anymore. So if you really want me to stop, I will. But if you want me to try it--"

"Ahhh!"

*poke* *poke*

And with just a little more force, my fingers were able to penetrate her small entrance.

"No, I don't ...... such a thing ."

I pushed on her trembling asshole, and eventually she relaxed - as if she was accepting me.

"Aah! It's in, it's in..... ahhh! Master's fingers, oh .......no, not in this dirty, hole, ny.......ngh......."

"【clean】."

Katherine's breath caught. I don't understand the principle behind magic - that's why it's magic - but some bacteria in the bowels are not supposed to be removed. The 【clean】 only purified the "dirty". I am sure she is the first person in the world to be subjected to this kind of "clean" by having someone use it inside her.

I inserted my index finger up to the first joint, wriggled my finger, and began to loosen the maid's muscle so that the real thing could enter.

"Ahhh, haaaa......" her voluptuous ass wiggles.

"Katherine's butthole is squeezing me so tight. It's like you are trying to pamper me."

"No, that's not .......please don't do this, master, this, this is......."

"While you're saying this, Katherine's big, slutty ass is wiggling, wanting more and more, sucking my fingers deeper and deeper into her tight little hole......."

"Hiiii! .......no, master, oooh ......."

I bury my index finger to the second joint, and it's not long before it's buried to the base. The lubrication is perfect, thanks to a generous smear of love juice.

I rotated my finger around expanding her asshole. The bowel wall was smooth and slippery. It didn't twitch like the inside of a vagina, but the tightness was nice as well as the clamping pressure.

The maid's mouth continued to emit a sound that could be taken as either embarrassment or pleasure, and after a few more attempts, I replaced my finger with a middle finger, and immediately thrust it into the base, fucking her!

"Ah, oh, Master, Master......."

"Katherine, your voice is so sweet, The hole in your butt is also sweet."

I moisten my other finger with plenty of saliva and bring it to the mouth of the masochistic, spoiled maid. And then.

"Hah, humph, hmmm, rerro ...... chua ......."

"I knew it, Katherine is good at sucking, ohh that feels so good Katherine."

"Habu, chu, chuppa......hmmm......"

I put the maid down on all fours and gave her a finger-fucking. This is a reward that even Charlotte has not been given. I had been afraid to go this far with Charlotte, but there's nothing worse than doing it to a maid and not doing it to my wife.

Maybe I'll do it to her too when I get home?

"Ah......"

She sounded sad when I pulled my fingers out of her mouth.

"I'll let you suck. For now, you're staying right where you are."

I moved behind the raised buttocks, leaving Katherine on all fours, while burying my middle finger up to the root in her asshole. The twin mounds were pert and shapely. But they were cruelly red and swollen, with the marks of my hand on them.

"Aah!"

I bent the first joint, and the back of the maid swayed with a sweet cry.

I pulled my fingers out, and the hole closed again.

*sniff*

I sniffed the finger that had been buried inside her body.

It's alright, I don't smell anything strong. I should smell something that told me it had been crawling in there, but thanks to 【clean】 and magic, it was perfectly fine. Only the unpleasant smell was removed, and only the attractive scent remained.

"Chup, chup ....... It tastes like Katherine. a little Bittersweet, but it leaves me wanting more."

"Oh, Master, you are not ...... supposed to lick it."

Her voice was filled with shame, but that wasn't the only reason. I put my hands on her ample ass and

*lick*

"Ahh!"

With a jerk, the maid's ample white ass bounces, and I suck on her anus, trying not to get shake off.

"Ahhh, hah .......You really, really shouldn't, Master .......that place, nnghhhh .......oh, Master, Master is licking my dirty hole......hmmm" her voice is clearly full of pleasure.

*lick* *lick* *lick* *lick* *slick*

"Fuh....... fuh, b-both .......alternating between the vagina and the asshole, haaaa, I feel both of them, both are Master's plaything......."

*lick* *slick*

"Fuii! stop, oh, please stop......"

I sank my tongue into the honey pot, which was overflowing with copious juices of desire, and swirled it around as I enjoyed a generous feeling of her flirtatious flesh. it's so slippery that I can't tell if it's hers or my saliva, and if I lick around and pour saliva into it, the wet, sticky, erotic sensation swirling and tangles on my tongue.

I really wanted to just insert it into this hole, but not now, not if I didn't want to ejaculate in her vagina. In order for this hole to be mine, I have to impregnate Charlotte first. So, it is another hole that I will have now.

"Nnnn, hmmm, nnnn.......master......."

Nnnnnnnnnnnn........

I pushed in and my tongue nudged at the ring. I wiggle my tongue and taste her anus trying to fight the tightness of her anal cavity. --I couldn't stop. Grabbing the maid's ass, I spread her ass cheeks and wiggle my tongue inside her ass like a bird of prey. Pouring saliva into her anus, I tongue-fucked her anus with pleasure.

This is bad, anal, so good.......

"Haaahhhhhh, ahhhhh, nnnnggg ......" - with that voice, there was no way she wasn't enjoying it.

I then took out my raging cock, which was now stiffly erect and oozing an alarming amount of pre-cum. The reddish tip was exposed, and the veins were viciously visible around the shaft. I bring it to her mouth, as she is now on all fours. I prod her full, plump lips.

"Katherine, can you cleanse me?"

"Yes please, Master ... ha~mu chuu rero"

"Ooooh ......."

I groan at the passionate oral ministrations immediately. Katherine is a first-class maid who is naturally intelligent and well versed in "presence sense" even if she is drunken with pleasure. There is no way that she is unaware of what is about to be done to her.

She cleans it up with her tongue, sucking it into her mouth, and jerking her face, comforting this meat spear that will penetrate her own anus! This is a cum-loving girl. So I think I will allow her to swallow at least one shot first.

I grab the maid's head, and she relaxes.

I rocked her head as she surrendered herself and her mouth to Master, and I moved my hips.

Even though she was being so harshly and roughly fucked, she welcomes me into the back of her throat, and twirl her tongue around me, her nose sniffing and breathing hard.

I rammed my rigid cock into her throat and ejaculated. It's coming out so much like I was urinating. With a sense of immoral pleasure and dominance, I let Katherine, a cum lover, swallow a generous amount of her Master's semen.

"Chup, chup .......umm ......."

She let go of my cock after sucking out the remaining bits in my urethra and cleaning the outside as well.

The meat tower, soaked in the maid's saliva, was soaring and demanding that I need to quickly break her gate.

I couldn't wait either, and neither could Katherine, a cold beauty who was usually almost expressionless. But now she is breathing heavily, her shoulders rising and falling, her cheeks flushed, her lips unable to close in anticipation. Her narrow brown eyes looked up at me.

"Turn over on your back. Roll up your skirt and hold your knees up so I can get a clear view of the hole I'm going to put in."

"Ye-yes....... hah .......Master......"

Katherine did as she was told.

With her white brim equipped and wearing a classic type of maid's outfit, she rolled up her skirt to expose the lower parts of her body. The garter belt suspending the white socks was dazzling. And the lightly gaping mouth peeks out at the milky pink flirtatious flesh that no one has yet broken into, eagerly awaiting the moment to receive the man. The dark red pubic hair is thick and bushy, wet with nectar, It was so undescribably lewd. Although it is that part that tempts me.

..... but not this time.

Underneath.

Another hole twitching and squeezing, completely smeared and overflowing with love juice.

"Katherine, lift your hips a little more."

"Yes........yes, Master....... oooh .......this is so embarrassing......"

"Yes, but it's about to get more embarrassing"

I started by pushing and rubbing my pole against the main gate.

"Hah, ah.......I can feel Master's penis ..... very hard and hot.............. This is the kind of thing that Mistress received hmmm into her body ...... ng......."

When I push the pole between her folds, she squeezes in a way that I can't resist. kyun♡ Every time it touches the tip against her swollen clit, Katherine makes a lovely sound.

I was tempted whether to keep doing this and ejaculate or to justifiably invade in and leave lasting proof of my visit - but....

I pushed the tip of my shaft to the back gate.

"Oh, ah .......ho.......Master that's......."

"Oh, I can't take Katherine's front yet, so I'll take this one first. And then I'm going to ejaculate a lot inside your bowels."

--Gulp.

Katherine swallowed.

"If you don't like it, just say no. You can still turn back now."

Having said that.

"...... No, please. I want Master's penis in my asshole ......."

Even this cold, beautiful maid approved, I can't enter it. I pressed the tip of my meat against the rear gate, which I thought I had loosened enough earlier, but I couldn't be able to get my rod in her.

"Katherine, you need to relax, Here I go again."

Oh, no...oh............

"Ahh, ahhh, ahhh!"

The Master began his slow and steady descent into the maid's bowels, who screamed with delight. Pressing the tip into the maid's inside, a place where it would be unthinkable for anything to go in, since normally it was a place only for things to go out.

"Oohh! Ah, ah!

Ahh!

"Okay, the tip is in .......it's so tight, it looks like it's gonna break into a thousand pieces. But I've already gotten the thickest part in .......are you okay, Katherine?"

"Yes, yes! Master, keep going, all of you, I want all of you into me......."

"Oh, of course."

"Ahhh, hah, oooh........ Master, Master is in my asshole, ah .......ah ......."

I pressed my hips tightly against the maid's nether regions and drove my angry pole into her anus up to its base. I felt the tightening, the warmth of the woman's rectum, the slippery, strange sensation of her inside.

It was a place where I really shouldn't have inserted it, and it made me swell up even more with dirty feelings.

"Ahhhh! Master, this, haaaa......."

"Sorry, I got too aroused."

"Ah, Master was aroused by me ......."

As soon as she replied, I felt her anus tighten around me more and more, and the walls of her insides twitched.

"Hmph, oooh ......." The maid moaned.

The hot intestinal meat enveloped me and made me jerk inside her.

--No way.

"Katherine, are you cumming already?"

"Oh, haaaa .......uh........it seems that, uh........ Just think that Master accepted me....... Ngh, hah......♡"

The maid, who had a thick meat rod inserted into her anus up to the base, arched her eyebrows into a 八 figure and let out a ragged, lustful gasp.

The corners of her eyes dropped and her mouth relaxed.

Katherine's expression changed.

--Anal!

A flame of pleasure flared up in me.

"I'm going to move, okay? If it hurts or anything, you tell me right away. Okay?"

"Yes♡ Master♡"

--um, she seems to be fine. Now, I'm going to fuck this maid in the ass.

"Hah, ah, ah ah ah ah ah ♡♡♡♡"

Katherine screamed in ecstasy as the thick object was stuffed into her anus. The sensation was so intense that I thought she was losing her mind. Katherine's inside tightened as if it was screaming and crying, and she even shook her own hips.

"Jeez, what a perverted erotic maid this is, and she's a cum-lover and a masochist too! a high spec just like Charlotte Oh! I'm going to keep on fucking you like this!! I'm going to teach your anus to remember my shape!! Ooooh!"

At some point, I was holding her down, catching her ankles and making her spread her legs wide open while I repeatedly pistoned her, hammering into her.

I slammed into her, banging and bumping our hips. Every time I pulled out, I can see her stretched pink meat peeked out, and when I pushed in, the maid feels it fiercely as she curves her back into a bridge. Her juices overflowed, and I must have been spilling my pre-cum in her like a stream, and occasionally ejaculating a little.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh! Mistress was oo-doing this kind of thing every night with Master .......nnghhhh! I have to idea, ahhh!"

"No, Charlotte doesn't know this either. Because she hasn't developed her asshole yet. This pleasure is something that only Katherine knows."

"I'm so glad, Master......."

The debauched look on her face had sucked me in. The trailing strands of reddish hair that stuck to her sweaty forehead were as distracting as they could be.

"Chupu, chupu, rero....... Chupu, chupu........"

We entwined our tongues, Our snakes of lust engaged in a slimy communion.

"Katherine, open your mouth."

"Fuah ......♡"

I dripped saliva into her mouth, and she swallowed it without a second thought. I put my arms around her back and hugged her, pressing our lips together tightly and shake my hips.

In her anus!

"Mmmmm, nmm♡, nmm♡, nmm♡, nmm♡, nm♡, nmmm! Mmmm♡!"

"Kuuuh .......here it comes. My seed. I'm going to ejaculate in Katherine's asshole. I'm going to ejaculate and pour a lot of your favorite Master's cum into your ass, only for pleasure, not to impregnate you."

"Yes, please....... Master, please pour your precious seed into my insides, into this miserable, naughty maid's asshole, just for your pleasure. I want Master's thing so much. I could not get enough of it. I was so envious of Mistress...."

Her anus clamped down on her Master's unfaithful penis, not let go. I was so excited to fuck this naughty maid's asshole, who wanted Master's seed even though I was already with her own Mistress.

"Ohhhhh! Gggggh! I'm cumming!"

*splurt!!* *splurt!!**splurt!!*

With a thump, the maid's walls filled with white, muddy lusts. The unfaithful meat rod burst inside the maid's anus, depositing the proof of sin into her insides.

"Ahhhh, ahhh, ahhh! It's so hot ...... my asshole is getting all spread...... It's, It's going to be molded into your shape....... ngh, ahhh! .......Master's sperm is filling my insides, lots and lots of it, gushing in .......it feels so good ♡."

Katherine put her arms around my back and held me tight, shivering and shaking violently by getting ejaculate into the anus.

Anal, I had never done it before, but it was good.

I'll have to give Charlotte plenty of anal sex when I get back home.

I thought about that, but then I realized something.

"Master is still very hard inside....."

"Oh, I can still do it. What about Katherine?"

"I'm ashamed to say but I'd like you to do it more......"

She is not so cute when she says it with a bashful smile on her face. with my penis still in her anus!

"Ah, it's getting bigger again ....... That's wonderful, master......."

And then we went at it many more times. She was now naked - but she still had to keep her white brim on. I thrust my hips into her from behind, ride her, rub her small breasts, pluck and suck her plump nipples. I played with her as much as I could.

She was supposed to have more physical strength than I did, but she was unable to stand on her legs and feet without jerking and twitching. I know that at this point Charlotte can still do it.......eh, isn't this means my wife more amazing than I thought?

Still fucking the maid and thinking of my wife, I pulled my penis out of her asshole.

*glob* *glob*

and

A thick cloud of white came pouring out.

When I brought my penis to her mouth, she sucked on it as if it were a reflex, so I let her swallow a couple of shots while she clean me up.

And then 【clean】.

It was a bit of a mess, and later I was told that it smelled like Master, or something like that .... Together we slept in the same bed, me holding Katherine, my beloved wife's personal maid since she was a little girl. We held each other naked, using each other as a pillow.

I was afraid of the maid, but she seemed to have fallen in love with me. She was so cute sleeping in my arms.

Then I close my eyes, feeling a woman other than my wife in my arms...

At midnight...

The alarm of the defense system suddenly goes off.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Desmond-sama, her beloved husband had left with Katherine, her own retainer since childhood, Charlotte was enjoying tea and cookies as usual in the courtyard.

A high-class white wooden table. This round table spreads out like an umbrella from one leg in the center

A beautiful lady wearing a pristine white one-piece dress decorated with spring flowers lifted up her ample bosom for all to see.

Sparkling, wavy platinum blonde hair shone like jewels in the sunlight. Her whites and smooth skin as if made of milk and honey, her cute nose, plump, moist, petal-like pink lips. Her beauty is overpowering with cuteness.

Her large emerald eyes, in particular, were like precious gems that one only wishes to behold. The lord's wife was usually taken care of by Katherine, but now in her place, there was the maid that was smitten with The lord's wife as she was usually not allowed anywhere near her, or even to think of her this way.

The maid assigned to her at this time was a pretty and younger maid.

The lord's wife's beauty and her noble manners make the maid almost fall in love with her, forgetting about her work, even though she is the one who is entrusted to take care of her now.

It is even more so when The lord's wife shows signs of sorrow.

As a maid in a lord's house, even she has a certain level of education and manners. However, as the maid of the countryside lord, the "Damwead heretic" she is inferior to Katherine, who has received thorough maid training since she was a child as the personal maid of the second daughter of Earl of Terrace.

She look at the madam as she let out her breath, Thinking that it was such a shame that she didn't know what she was thinking.

How can the taste of tea be so different when the tea leaves are the same?

The lord's wife looked down at the cup. The surface of the water shimmers faintly in the white porcelain cup. It was hardly acceptable - I'll give her an extra point since she is the maid that served her beloved husband- but not only that, it wasn't just the way it was brewed, but also the circumstances that must have had an impact on the taste.

glance.

When I looked at her, I could see a maid who is usually unable to serve - a maid who is nervous with admiration for The lord's wife, who possesses beauty and is naturally more prestigious than her husband --Not only that...

《The Gray Hound》Randolph Steiner, chief butler.

--Why are you standing there?

You are the perfect escort, but, but......

He stands in the background, an old man, with stroked, romance gray hair, bushy eyebrows and mustache of the same color, and a warm, soft, wrinkled face. He is dressed in a tailcoat-like butler's outfit.

He is a portrait of a butler serving at the noble mansion.

Something that cannot be reproduced in the butler cafes on the street is perfectly captured in this room.

If Desmond were here, he would have thought that, But all presented here are all original inhabitants of this world, and having lived up to this position no one would think such a thing - for Charlotte, she has mixed feelings.

Normally, he wouldn't serve anyone as a master, but when it comes to Desmond, he becomes a loyal knight and a faithful chief butler. This is not normal at all, the Earl of Terrace, Charlotte's family had once made a love call to take him into their service.

Randolph rejected the offer and chose the Damwead, a family that has history and prestige that is a few ranks below them. Charlotte herself does not have any direct conflict or connection with the Damwead family, but even so, as an aristocrat who values "house", she simply cannot discard it.

But now, he serves her beloved husband, even if only in a formal way, and is now her own caretaker and escort instead of Katherine, who has accompanied her husband for three days until he returns ......

--I wonder how father would feel if he knew about this. And my sister too.......

"Phew......."

She lets out a sigh, disguised as blowing on the tea. That level of ennui was very stimulating to the young maid. Her youthful cheeks turned cherry red. However, as we have already mentioned, there is no eroticism there, but only a longing for the beautiful Lady, who seems to exist only in the storybooks.

"Are you bored, Charlotte-sama?"

What a nosy.

"You seem uncomfortable."

I think he still knows what I'm thinking, but he's not saying it. The fact that Desmond had to go on an official business trip was, to a certain extent, acceptable, but to have Katherine go with him? And he didn't even tell us until just before he left.......

--If I had known, I could have pretended to be a maid and followed him.

Two rival royal noble families are not allowed to love each other. And the daughter sneaks into another's house disguised as a maid. The lord's wife's brain was already stocked with such a story as she thought that she would definitely do so next time.

Katherine knew me well so there should be no problem.

Desmond is also likely to agree as well.

Put that aside - even though she is the wife of a lord, it is essentially just a political marriage, with both husband and wife politically in check with each other. Even if they have no intention of doing so, they cannot afford to be naive when Randolph, who is not her beloved husband but his father, Viscount Damwead, is involved.

Charlotte glanced at Randolph, her political rival, for having so boldly said such a rude thing. The lord's wife may be pretty and beautiful, but she is a noblewoman. She keeps her secrets in her heart and chooses what to say and do. For this reason, she does not hide her hostility.

"I do not give you permission to speak. Please keep in mind that Desmond-sama and I are not the same."

She said without even a trace of bitterness in her voice, the young maid's back may have been stiffened. But this old butler is neither afraid nor offended.

"I am very sorry, madam. after all, I am still undisciplined."

Charlotte almost clicks her tongue. But she suppressed it with a wrinkle between her eyebrows. Those gray eyes of his tell her that he is not a dull person, and clearly understands what he just did. Still, he spins his words.

"This is simply my thought. But It's good to know that a couple is getting along so well."

Charlotte's stomach tightened as she realized his intentions.

"These old bones are always inclined to speculate as to why this is the case. --However, a poor guess is not only tactless but also harmful. The dog will not partake in the couple's banter, but only wags its tail at the food given to it and fulfills the dog's duty. And if that is the case, I will also lick the hand of the one who gives me the tastiest food."

".................." silence.

She brought her full lips to sip on the cup, and Charlotte finished her tea as if the conversation had never happened.

"Another tea, please."

"Y-Yes! Yes, ma'am!"

When the maid tried to ask her which tea she would be having, the old butler said.

"Right, perhaps some cookies with it?"

The lord's wife said, "You are very thoughtful."

"Well, go and bake now, and I will brew the tea."

The gray eyes stared at the maid, indicating the door to the mansion with his glance.

'Go quickly.'

That's what he meant.

"Uh, uh......." the young maid stammered a little, "Okay, please pardon me, if you need me. I will be here as soon as I can."

--Oh, dear.

Randolph almost chuckles with amusement. This is the house of Desmond, a noble but someone who is not known for his ignorant of noble's customs and words play.

"Leave us alone for a while."

There was no way that the meaning would be conveyed to the maid. So, when she asked, "Another tea" she was referring to him, not to the maid. If the maid guessed well, then good. if she didn't, Randolph had to step in. Baking cookies meant that she would have to be out of the room for quite a long time.

If Randolph had failed to notice this, he would have been chastised for not training her well enough. --She would not have said so, though, because it might lead to criticism toward the management of Desmond-sama, who she was in a good relationship with. This is also reflected in her words, "You are very thoughtful."

--Well, it seems that Charlotte has really joined the Master's side.

Randolph thought to himself.

"Randolph."

"Yes, what is it, Madam?"

The lord's wife's emerald eyes flashed in his gray ones.

"Who is your Lord?"

A straightforward approach.

In the context of a noble, it may be considered impolite, and the speaker's dignity may be called into question. However, if the words are spoken from the higher position to the lower, they can be considered as a reaffirmation of the relationship between the two parties. This was supported by Charlotte's resolute and dignified attitude.

Randolph had to suppress a giggle at the impressive touch. And if he took into account the nature of the person he was dealing with, he could only be impressed that he had followed such a master. Not only the dirt on Desmond's fingernails, but the grime of his entire body is not enough for him to lick.

"Well, well." the old butler said condescendingly, "my master is Desmond-sama, your Husband."

"Yes, I am. And you're happy with that?" And Charlotte doesn't spare him a glance." Don't you miss the battlefield, 《Greyhound》? Or do you miss water from the old well? or maybe seeking for the new one--"

The old water is Viscount Damwead. And the new water is another master.

However, Charlotte, who has been receiving regular reports from Katherine, knows that he has no interest in the Viscount Damwead, that he is a "guest" and that Randolph is now with Desmond, ready to watch his every move and has no other master in mind.

I was surprised that Katherine had mentioned the sexual art to him, But I knew that as my maid of honor, she was able to persuade him to be quiet about it. She then accepted Randolph's offer to teach her combat techniques.

And with that in mind.

Well, Katherine's accompanying Desmond instead of Randolph today was like she had given her a hint. Randolph and Katherine formed some kind of alliance in their own way. The sort of alliance that requires her to be prepared by taking instruction in combat techniques from him.....

Then again.

I might be able to follow Desmond on this official business --An affair trip.

However, The lord's wife, who was so absorbed in her desire to be with Desmond, was not aware of it.

She is no Katherine, but...

'My husband really makes a woman go crazy ...'

--Fufu, You're quite good, Katherine, not that you kept silent with absolutely nothing at all, but you kept silent while leaving hints - It is appropriate if I just punished her for this. I hope that Desmond-sama will give me plenty of love and affection this time around.......ah...... Desmond-sama, please love me more than usual when you come back.

Unbeknown to the lord's wife. Katherine is currently sucking on Master's cock in the carriage, and at night, she is getting her ass fucked, a place that even her hasn't experienced it yet.

Even The lord's wife cannot possibly guess that much.

Katherine is one thing, But Randolph is another.

Knowing that much, these statements are nothing more than a confirmation of prior information. However, what is done between the parties involved can contain a different meaning.

"That's very unlikely." Randolph says, shaking his head. His appearance is that of an old man simply making small talk. There was no indication they were now engaged in a sword fight with a sword at their throats.

"I can no longer keep up with my body."

and the conversation continues.

"It is more interesting and more suitable for me to stay with the Master.""Oh, I see. Being old is hard, isn't it?""Thank you for your concern, madam. Hohoho.""fufufu"

It is not so much different from a conversation between a grandfather and his granddaughter.

But the raging exchange was as fierce as the storm. Desmond must not have been able to withstand it. If only he knew what it all meant.

The autumn has passed, and the spring is coming, regardless of whether there is winter in between. or waiting for the time when the trees will sprout.

Charlotte sigh.

And then she relaxed her guard.

"Is Desmond-sama that interesting?"

"Yes, indeed" the old man said, his soft smile widening.

To some observers, it would have been seen as the smile of a beast. We could only wonder how it looked to Charlotte.

"That man has been a mystery to me since I was a little boy."

And Charlotte, gesturing to the seat in front of her.

"May I ask you for details?"

"With pleasure."

The old man takes his seat and begins to tell the story as if he were telling his grandchildren an old tale.

The lord's wife listens to her beloved's stories in the sun.

Now they have made it clear to each other which side they belong to in the current situation. In other words, in the context of the diplomacy of Desmond's previous life, the two participants had a preliminary meeting before the summit, and then adopted a joint declaration at their meeting.

However, on the other hand, the head of state, Desmond, knows nothing about it.

But even so, this did not mean that Charlotte trusted Randolph. It was a matter of interest, as long as he remained interesting to Desmond, Charlotte was willing to cooperate in that interest. But then, if anything, trust is still possible.

Once the complicated talk was over, the rest of the conversation was a pleasant one. However, that may have been the main issue for The lord's wife.

"It is true that Desmond-sama has been looking at women's breasts and buttocks since he was young?"

"As I recall..."

"At that time he was subjected to wetting the bed--"

"Oh my, oh my."

"Ah, yes, when he first saw Lady Charlotte, he seemed to be frozen and unable to move for a while. Afterward, he asked me who's that beautiful lady..."

"Fufu, you're kidding~." Desmond-sama...

If only Desmond were present.

He must have said something like, "Stop it, Grandpa, I have no more life point left."

◇

"Ummm, ummm.......... I wish I never had to hear that story......."

Inside Charlotte's bedroom. furnished with luxurious furniture befitting a wife of a lord and a lady of the nobility. Recently, she and her beloved husband have been sleeping together every night and morning, devouring each other's bodies like beasts. She was listening to the old butler's stories about his master's past until a while ago and the maid was in a surprisingly good mood when she came back, and the three of us, including her, enjoyed a tea party in the courtyard in the afternoon.

But then I remember the words of that old butler.

"Ever since Desmond-sama saw Charlotte from afar, he had been thinking about her. And Desmond-sama, for some reason, was obsessed with the fact that it was his first time. He said that you were his first......."

I was happy to hear that, but

-My first partner was Peter ....... If I had known that Desmond-sama was like this, I would not have even married such a man.......

"Ha ......" she breathes in anguish,

Now that I had been awakened to body pleasure through Desmond..... although I did not regret marrying that man, It's only a matter of accepting his male genitalia to be impregnated and having the sperm released into my vagina. But if Desmond was concerned about that........

If someone told me that if Peter died, the fact that I married him would disappear along with him, then I would go and kill him right now.

But the murder of the next head of the Marquise Swift, a family higher than Terrace, would not only lead to a conflict between the Terrace and the Swift, but also to a major dispute involving her current husband, Desmond of Aldora, and his family, the Damwead, and their factions. It might develop into a large-scale feud. --Or rather, it would.

However, on our side there is the 《Platinum Breaker》 - Charlotte's older sister, who is currently out of the country, even if she is on the verge of death she would be more than happy to rush to the battlefield to fight for her pretty and most importantly, to finally to beat the Swift Marquesses to a pulp! --With the knights under his command, the《the Gray Hound》 - and even Charlotte, although Desmond does not know this - she is attached to this territory.

--We might be able to win.

And, despite being a noble lady. It seems that Charlotte still missed that sister.

But for Desmond, who has a reputation for running away just after seeing a dead body in his first battle, would never wish for such a thing. So, I won't start a fire - but...

--But then, what do I have to give back to Desmond-sama? I'm the one who keeps getting ...... the benefits, it would be best if I could conceive but...

Although Desmond was the one who had received more from her than he could ever repay, or so he would say.

As expected.

The lord's wife rubs her own belly. Even though she is being loved by him so much and receiving more semen than Peter has poured into her, her own womb does not open. Is she still unable to conceive? Thinking about it, I feel nothing but sorrow.

"fue!?"

she cried out in her usual cute voice, which was different when Desmond was present.

*pat* *pat*

She pats her belly.

Of course, there is no baby there.

No one there yet. But if she rubs and pats it, It'll be fine.

She patted and rubbed.

Rubbing, rubbing, rubbing.

patting.

"............This is not enough."

She said.

"What is this feeling?"

It was the thought of him being gone for a while that made Charlotte realize what "it" was.

Although they had been together almost all the time recently, it wasn't always skin-on-skin. But last night and this morning, we had more intimate and passionate lovemaking than usual, as I was sad to part with him for a time. Even though I had not conceived, his semen had invaded my womb, and I felt the heat of his semen in my womb, and it seemed as if it was burning inside of me, marking me.

I should be more satisfied than usual....... However, I was not satisfied.

--"Not enough."

"Ha, ah .......Desmond-sama, it's not enough ....... Please make me into something more, something only you can use ......."

As soon as she said it, she jolted, hugging her arms while crushing her voluptuous bosom.

That was - Oh, how sweet it sounded.

"My heart already belongs to you. There is no place in my body that you have not touched."

I wonder if that's true.

Charlotte thinks. There is something missing. a missing piece, And when he fills it in, everything about her will be his.......

"Haa ......"

The lord's wife exhaled a hot, sweet, sultry breath.

Her body jumps, twists, writhes, and feels the tingling in her womb. With a shudder, her ample bosom heaved and bounced.

"Hurry, please return home, please........ Desmond .......my dear ......."

Charlotte embraced her ripe body one last time and lay down on her own bed. Her large emerald eyes were moist with longing, her cheeks flushed and her breath was hot.

Her breasts, which were still hugged tightly in her arms, rose and fell on the bed.

"I'm going to lose my mind......."

although she has a childlike face with the atmosphere of a girl, her husband's business trip radiated the sexiness of a twenty-nine year old, befitting her age

She presses her face to the bed where he made love to her this morning, but unfortunately, she can no longer smell the scent of him, let alone any remnants of their lovemaking, because of the 【clean】 that has been applied.

In a world where there is eroticism, a hot, married woman writhing for her husband would be targeted if anyone were to see her. However, even if someone were to see it, in this world, no one would suspect what she is thinking, let alone pounce on her.

And there is no one here but her.

"Haaah, Desmond, my dear ......."

Like a lustful serpent, she lies undulating, waiting for her beloved husband to return.

Though he has only just left.

The breath of the beautiful woman who can't stand the moment without her husband is sweet and sad.

"I'm so lonely......."

The twenty-nine-year-old whimpers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was deep in the night.

In the center of this small village, the remaining embers from the feast shrine through the surrounding fence like a firefly in the forest.

In the sky, the stars shine like the swirling waves of a great river, but they are nothing more than an obstacle to the darkness. They twinkle like jewels, but unlike real jewels, they cannot turn into gold, nor can they fill one's stomach.

The men were lying in the bushes, breathing silently and staring at the lights from the village in the distance.

They are bandits.

From their worn, ragged clothes, it seems that their business is not doing too well. They had been rampaging in another part of the region but were finally caught and chased off by the knights. However, the knights were not very thorough, resulting in a number of fugitives.

There were 13 of them in total. They ran and ran and ran until they reached this remote "Aldora" Territory and now they found a small village where a merry banquet was being held.

hatred.

envied.

They should live worthy of their status, poor, and suffering like us.

When there is nothing left loose, we will take it all away from them, draining them to the bone.

Humiliation and hunger drove them to a craving for violence.

They wanted to rob, to satisfy this hunger, but more than that, their hatred and jealousy were boiling with rage, and they wanted to let loose their violence.

They were like rabid dogs, but they were able to endure the freezing darkness because they had a good commander there. And it was "he" who guided them.

He is scary.

We can't go against him.

But if we follow him, we are safe.

The rabid dogs, the ones who had been beaten, believed in and were enthralled by the man they had met during their escape.

...... At first, when they attacked him, they were beaten back. Then he told me that if they got down on their knees and begged for their lives, they would become his dogs.

--I will give you a better life, he said.

He seems to be a nomad himself. But he was well-dressed for a nomad. So, thinking he was a wealthy traveler, they attacked him. And here there were.

This was the first village.

The bandits are hungry.

The leader gave them some rations, but it was not nearly enough.

He wanted them to be hungry. Starve them, and then they would explode with violence. And under his training, the bandits finally let their thirst for battle win out over their appetites. They then obeyed their leader.

It was an experiment.

To strengthen humans, to make them fall to【Madness】, and to unleash it.

The random bandits were the perfect test subjects for this new magic. They were put on the reins by a magician. They could be used and disposed of without much hassle. They stared at the lights of the village, their eyes murky, their gaze filled only with the hunger for violence and madness.

The leader of the group was satisfied, and he had them lie down, waiting for the moment to strike.

He was a noble. With the magic power flowing in his eyes, he observed the bandits' every move from a distance. There was no reason for him to lie down on the ground with the animals.

He stood like a shadow at a distance, blending in with the darkness. Just in case, he had used a 【covert】. It is magic that lets a person fade into the background like a shadow, including their presence. It is not that he has become invisible or that he is wrapped in something. It is simply like a stone on the side of the road, like a shadow cast in a basement, making it impossible to be aware of his presence.

He thought to himself. I am not really a person who belongs in a place like this. I am the person who should have achieved great deeds on the battlefield, earned a title and a fiefdom, even if I am not the first son. And yet...

--In this world, wars are mainly led by the magic caster.

In this world where there is no sexual desire, and where humans cannot ejaculate without the use of a lubricant, everything seems distorted from the world as we know it, not only in terms of culture and concept but also in terms of the way human resources are treated. It is foolish if humans fight against each other, which could cause a population decline if done badly.

But still, they fight for territory, wealth, and most importantly, for honor.

Those without magic powers also participate in battle, but they are not the main players. The difference between those who have magic power and those who do not is that stark. That is why the main battles are between people with magic power or between nobles, to reduce the number of lost resources.

But depending on the resistance of the opposing party, winning may not be enough.

For nobles, wars are a matter of honor. Therefore, His specialty was to exploit their blind spot by using 【covert】. This was originally a strategy that would have been recognized as one of the best, but it was regarded as a coward. It is a strategy for commoners with low magic power, and not a practice of the nobility.

Regardless of what they said, he could not take another strategy. And so he left.

If he could not fight head-on, he would turn the commoners against them. He decided to use the commoners as weapons. This is the first step.

The nobles do not regard the commoners as their equals. They consider them as resources within their territory. Then, from the nobles' point of view, this method would be accepted as a proper one.

He came up with the idea and put it into action.

"Let the scene begin. Can you compete with my beasts? Show me."

--【Madness】

The bandits turn mad and are strengthened. The bandits start to move at the wicked mage's command.

◇

Wrrrrrrr, Wrrrrrrrr

Suddenly, the alarm of the defense system rang through the night.

The leaves of the trees are shaking along with the bonfire.

This is the Moiré village.

This village was surrounded by defense systems invented by Desmond and built by his own men. This was also an experimental site to test the results of his creations. However, unlike the leader of the intruders, all of this was done with the consent of the villagers and kept secret from Desmond himself.

The warding that surrounds the village is a triple-layer formation.

Dividing into Boundaries layer, outer layer, and inner layer.

In this place, the Boundaries layer is the wooden fence that surrounds the village. At first glance, the village appears to be simple, a poor but healthy little community where people live out their daily lives.

However, if a person without a life energy signature climbs over this fence, the alarm of the defense system will go off.

The inhabitants of this village have no magic powers except for some children born from Desmond's seed. However, they are descendants of fugitives and criminals who flee and live in this remote place, at the base of a mountain. Although they are criminals, most of their crimes were committed against the nobility.

They were people who were unable to obtain the protection of the nobles and were driven to live on their own. And they have trained themselves techniques to defeat the low-level monsters with their own strength, even if it is not as powerful as magic.

It was a fighting style that elevated physical functions and abilities by enhancing the body with life energy. It was made possible through breathing control and intense training. These were not common techniques.

Regardless of how much the nobles saw the commoners as resources rather than as human beings, they still protected them as their property. Perhaps some of them were driven out of their territory because they had awakened such power. But in the end, they ended up here. Lived outside of such rule and in a place close to where the monsters dwell.

When Desmond met with these people that were capable of using it - it's not hard to imagine that Randolph was overjoyed, even if he didn't express it - he worked with them to create a defense device for it and without their ability to control life energy, the defense system may not have been completed. With the invention of this device, they were now able to free themselves from the burden of guarding the place all day all night.

A coward bandit, animal, or magical beast would flee at the sound of this alarm alone.

--But this time, it was a group of crazed bandits led by an evil mage.

With their eyes bloodshot and driven by madness, they were like zombies as they climbed over the wooden fence.

The mage is surprised at the sudden sound of the alarm but dismisses it as something inconsequential thinking that it is just a commoner's crude invention. Although he does not know what it was. He's using commoners as tools afterall.

"Ggh!"

The growls left the drooling mouths of the bandits.

The second layer.

Debuff magic is applied to those who try to force their way through.

Their speed is reduced, their muscles weakened, and their defenses lowered, their ability to think is reduced, and disrupt the ability to cast spells if they have magic powers. They groaned at the effects but kept going, knowing only that they had to move forward, trying to release the violence that they had been subjected to. Their eyes bloodshot and clouded with madness, flaming with hatred, jealousy, and rage, they marched on like menacing undead.

The alarm sound alert goes off even louder. And lastly, the third layer--

／

The bodies sprawled out everywhere in the village center...

In the center, the people of the village were collapsed and snoring with their mouths wide open, resembling the scene of a battlefield.

Tonight's celebration was for the wedding between Monica, the daughter of the village chief, and Desmond, the guardian deity of the village. But the real wedding is scheduled for tomorrow. The reason for holding the party this night was because her ceremonial wedding dress need to be pristine on the day of the wedding.

The men, who look like mountain bandits, and the women, who were beautiful and lithe, all fell to sleep with their mouths wide open, like they were about to swallow the sparks from the bonfire.

Then the alarm rang out!

Will they be able to wake up from their deep and comfortable sleep?

And even if they do, will they be able to handle the crisis?

Look!

Their chests are glowing.

This is the work of the "recovery pellet" that, in the event of an emergency, will recover them from their "abnormal" state, even if they are drunk and asleep, and they will be able to restore to their perfect condition. It is a magic device that is configured to be activated at the same time when the alarm is sounded.

The recovery magic that has been contained within will be triggered automatically.

It is hard to believe that commoner villagers in this remote area, who could be called barbarians by those in more developed cities, could possess magic items that not even the nobility had, or that they were able to achieve this level of effectiveness.

The intruders were not capable of thinking properly, let alone being surprised by it.

Nor could the evil mages, who were simply watching them from outside the village, waiting for the results of his experiments.

This was Desmond's experimental site - not that he intended it to be, but he would come up with ideas for things like this, and some would happily start making prototypes and then ask other "I made this, would you try it?" and "It was Desmond-sama's idea, right? Leave it to me, I have the physical strength to do it."

Due to the chain reactions of the people who were eager to try them out, the number of strange devices in this village was increasing day by day, which can be troublesome and frightening at the same time.

By the way, the experiments are not forced, and the risks are all fully disclosed with informed consent. And that is exactly where the difference lies.

They are fundamentally different from the rabid dogs that are driven mad and turned against others. They are the Warmongers, who were trained and sharpen their fangs. And the man in charge of training them is Randolph, the Gray Hound.

Desmond was okay with this, saying that it would be nice if they could protect themselves and grow prosperous. But in truth, he thinks that there was no way I could stop Grandpa anyway, and he had no intention of stopping these energetic warriors. Some might consider it a strategic move. But he thought it was just their way of running a village.

They are a group of highly skilled fighters, more powerful than a poorly trained mercenary. They awoke from their drunken slumber and began to rally against the intruders.

"tsk, I was having a sweet dream..."

"Well, we're going to have to make them pay for this, aren't we?"

They start to wake up from their slumber with a smile, chatting like they're still celebrating and somehow, looking more vicious than the intruder bandits.

"But, I didn't expect this to happen when Desmond-sama is here. Haha, you think Desmond brought them here to test us?"

" ' That would be interesting' , Randolph-sama would say that. But I think he isn't the kind of person to do this. Rather, is Monica getting cursed for marrying the guardian deity?"

"Nah, this is just a wedding gift."

--Gehahahahahaha!

If Desmond had seen this scene.

"Run, Intruder-san, whoever you are, don't look back and run!!!"

He must have shouted that with all his heart.

In the midst of all this.

"Well, I guess I'll have to start the hunt."

Although she was a petite, young girl just fifteen years old, she had a wild charm and the dignity of a strong warrior evident in her movements as she stood up.

Monica, the bride who will wed the Guardian Deity and carry his son in her womb, was the star of the show. On the night before the ceremony, she was not wearing a bridal gown, but her one-piece dress that was still very formal and befitting of the bride.

--Although she was already covered in mud at one point due to alcohol.

Even though she is covered in dirt, she blooming like a wildflower. A war maiden that guides others. No, she was a female predator, her eyes blazing brightly in the bonfire light and she licks her pretty lips with her cute pink tongue.

Those limbs are the fangs and claws of the beast that is waiting to be unleashed.

She roars. Like a brave, fierce, savage heroine!

"The prey has crawled into our cage! No, Des brought it to us! We need to show Lord Des our full power!"

The fierce men and women shout their war cry.

The village chief Ian, does not interfere with his youngest daughter's speeches. After all, it is she, who is the star of this night not the village chief. In fact, he would have scolded her if she had not taken the lead. If only Desmond were listening.

"No no no, what are you talking about, Monica! I mean, I just think of you like a cute cousin...."

He must have been thinking, but his wishes and hopes were crushed.

She clenched her fist and raised it up high.

"For him, our gallant benefactor!"

"For him, our gallant benefactor!"

The villagers responded to Monica's shouts.

The crackling bonfires are being overwhelmed by the pressure.

The air is threatening to dispel the darkness, and the fangs of the brazen warrior roar out a cry for the destruction of their enemy.

"Honor to the Lord Des!"

"Honor to the Lord Des!"

"Let us show our might!"

"Honor to the Lord Des!"

Her speech was, of course, taught by Randolph.

The villagers were in high spirits, each with his or her own weapon, from wherever they got it. Regardless of whether the opponent is a noble, thousand warriors, or a divine soldier, it is impossible not to be intimidated by their ferocious strength.

"Crush them!"

"OOOOOOHHH!"

The battle cry burst through the night. The wild beasts howled at Monica's downward swing of her palm.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mm--"

The evil mage furrowed his brow.

The angry voices of the villagers shook the night air as it grow louder and louder. Besides, what is this--

"Magic power?" -- No way, is this a village of magic power holders?

Individually, they cannot even reach the minimum amount of magic power that a regular noble possesses. However, like a whirlpool that has begun to turn the tide, it added up. If you look at the total amount of magic power, the crazed bandits cannot win. --But...

The first step in the proper utilization of magic is to possess the ability to handle and control magic power. Those who have magic power can rarely be found among commoners. Despite this, unless a person is of exceptional talent, it is impossible for them to possess the same amount of magic power as a nobleman, and they often lack the ability to handle them.

Magic, albeit referred to as "sorcery," is a skill that needs to be carefully practiced. Even if a person has a large amount of magic power, if it is not handled properly, it may not only fail but could even be dangerous to the user. And the magic that can be used differs depending on the aptitude of each person.

This must be a village of those who have been blessed with magic by the nobility, but have forgotten such benefits, and have become conceited and arrogant, thinking they can survive on their own power alone. If a commoner had the noble desire to master the path of magic they would have attended a magic school. Even if it is a difficult choice for a commoner.

His mouth twists into a wicked smile.

Besides, depending on the way things go, he may even be able to take credit for crushing the unfaithful rebels against the nation in advance. "Ku ku Ku Ku Ku!"

"Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku ......"

It was terribly crooked and a dry laugh.

--But what if there was a nobleman involved in it?

The evil mage quivered with amusement as if nothing could be more fun.

For a moment, this sense of magic does not have the nobility's signature on it. However, it may be that they are just hiding like his own 【covert】. If they are nobles, they are supposed to fight head-on, but if they are involved in a village like this, they must be nobles who is a heretic and has something shady going on. What if I could defeat that person too?

No matter how much I may be a user of spells like 【covert】 that might rises some voice of some nobles, if I exposed an even more unjust person, the nobles would respond more to the greater wrongdoing than to the method used to defeat him.

Then, maybe he could return to the path of a legitimate nobility and even to the path of a righteous man. He was a nobleman at heart, even if he was corrupt.

To a nobleman, a commoner is a tool. And another nobleman is only a stepping stone and nourishment for his own ascent to higher ground.

"Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku......"

He steps out like a shadow in the midst of darkness with the echoes of joyous laughter. There, a fever-like heat was beginning to swirl in the tone.

Of course, I use 【covert】 just in case. There is no way he could lose to a commoner, but if there were nobles, it would be a different situation. And for the commoners, I am doing them a favor so that they don't see my noble self. --No? I would say that it is too arrogant for them to look at me openly.

With a sly smile, the dark shadow walks through the darkness, blending into the angry shouts of the villagers.

Because he Entered through the entrance instead of climbing over the wooden fence, the ward is not triggered.

◇

"Ooogghh, ghoooo! kill, kiiiillll, kiiiill......"

"What the, what are these guys?"

The frenzied bandits crossed the fence, broke through it, and invaded. Originally they were well-built and could stand on equal footing with the beefy villagers. However, they had grown thin and skinny during their fugitive life. Their rabid dog-like eyes shone gruesomely in the rags they were clad in.

The evil mage 【madness】caused their bodies to grow beyond their original size, and they were proud of their huge, bear-like physiques. Their "power" was supported by the energy that had been extracted from their lives and souls.

The muscles bulge out, forming uneven surfaces like a rocky mountain surface.

Their appearance is so disfiguring that they could be mistaken for a demon ogre. The rags that are tangled around the body are also a further accentuation of this appearance.

"Are these people ..... human?"

No wonder the villagers thought that.

Poof!

The bonfire crackled loudly.

--But the villagers were not even flinched.

Even though they were glaring into the gray eyes of madness, and even though the monsters were roaring and drooling, their voices no longer human, the villagers were rather elated! They face them with their weapons in hand.

"Ohhhhh."

The two boys, apparently twins, lead the charge, and though they are still in their mid-teens, everyone is not worried about their safety, but rather envies and admires them for their quick action.

No matter how much their physique and muscle strength are strengthened, their crazed minds will not allow them to cooperate with each other. The villagers rushed into the gaps between the broken packs, as the crowds rushed to the boys, one after the other.

A howl went up.

The villagers's spirits also rose.

No matter how proud they are of their skills, they would never challenge them head-on. Some of them were confident that they could push their way through, but they knew that this was not a place to demonstrate their own strength.

It is not individual strength that should be demonstrated, but their combined power!

We are his soldiers. And above all, he would be deeply saddened if any of us die.

From the outside, the battlefield may look like a group of brave villagers heading toward the demons. However, each of the frenzied bandits was separated and then surrounded by several men. The well-organized formation of the villagers was the result of the training of a certain hound.

In fact, Desmond is unaware of this.

What he has been told is that the residents of the Moiré village are using a defensive system and magic tools invented by him to defeat monsters and bandits with less danger than before, and the village is getting more prosperous.

He is not wrong. He only thinks that Randolph's advice and magic tools have made their hunting more efficient than before. However.

He doesn't know that if other nobles were to find out, he would be treated as a dangerous villain, not just a <Damwead heretic>. Moreover, Moiré village appears unchanged from its original appearance as a poor village, and the reason why is because it is easier to bait people to target them.

Used to the way how these Hot-blooded peoples run the village from many times he has visited, he is just welcomed, and then It'll go like this,

Please give me the first night right, please!

Yes, yes, Do you guys have any troubles lately?

No, thank you very much for your concern! But please plant your seed in me!

Okay!

As you can see, he doesn't have much direct interaction with them, so there was no way for him to know.

The defense system - a magic ward disguised as a wooden fence - detects and debuffs the enemies, and welcomed them with a strengthen forced that uses life energy and magic tools that their lord designed.

This is their humble hospitality, Moiré village style.

The poor victims are attracted by the poor-looking village.

One by one, the muscular men and women, who proudly boast of their beautiful but supple athletic bodies, take care of them.

And the aftercare is so professional that the client does not even remember what was done to them.

By the way, regardless of whether they are bad guys or not, they don't kill them, but capture them alive. After all, that person hates killing. Those caught in this way are reported, saying that they were caught in Aldora territory, not Moiré village. The village is not to be leaked to the outside world.

This was the same with magic tools, especially for combat use.

The nobles did not have the concept of making or using magic tools. Fighting with only their own magic is their virtue, and magic is a precious thing, and there is no way they would ever think of making it available to commoners. That is why the lord is a "Damwead heretic" and is prohibited from taking magic tools outside of his domain, And there are only a few things that are allowed such as a device to fill a bathtub with water, or a device to boil that water.

Magic tools for combat.

Even if they can only be activated by those who can handle magic or life energy, and even if they are no match for the magic of a skilled nobleman, there is no way such a thing can be allowed. It is the best-kept secret. To possess it, one must make sure to silence anyone who sees it.

And that is what they have done so far.

【Wind Blade】

The invisible blades of wind shot from each of the twin boys' blades to the huge, frenzied bandit. Like meteors passing through the starry sky. The blades cut the bandit's body, and although they were unable to penetrate its huge, bear-like physique, they did agitate it and distracted its attention.

The huge arm of the crazed bandit leaped towards them.

With such ferocity and pressure, it was as if the bandits were swinging the trunk directly at them, not just a log, but at the trunk of a giant tree.

They avoided, dodged, and intersected using the wind blades however, this is still not enough.

"Gooooooooo!"

The beast howled.

【Fire Lance】

Flames shot in a spear shape from the spear held by the bald old man. The flames were so powerful that even the crazed bandit's huge physique was knocked down to the ground. However, he was able to survive after receiving the 【Fire Lance】 thanks to 【Madness】 that has been applied to him.

Despite the black charring of its skin and the disgusting smell of its own flesh, the creature is still trying to get up from the ground with its agitated, seething hatred. but then.

The hammer swung down, and it exploded.

【Thunder Hammer】

As soon as the hammer landed on the fallen bandit, dazzling bolts of lightning erupted from the hammer and rippled through the bandit's massive body.

The monster's thick tongue protruded from its mouth, and finally, its eyes peeled back and it collapsed. The earth beneath its hulking frame crumbled as if a giant had struck it with a mallet.

【Thorn Bind】

Thorns weaved him as he fell. Moreover, they are not ordinary thorns. With his huge frame and strong muscles, he would easily tear it to shreds. Hence it contained the weakening debuff curse.

However, the group did not show any joy in defeating the monster, but simply turned to join the other group.

The battle is not over yet.

The villagers of a remote village in a remote region behaved like a veteran who had fought many battles. Before long, the vicious bandits were captured and neutralized.

--This is not possible.

impossible, impossible, impossible.

The mage, who uses 【covert】 to get up close and watch the heroic figures of the residents of Moiré Village, is dumbfounded by the sight of their dominance.

Even if they had magic power, they were supposed to be nothing more than a lowly mob. But now that the lid has been opened, how could it be? They were so well coordinated and skilled that one could say they were as good as the best Knight Order. Moreover, looking at them up close, it was clear that they did not possess any magic power. Their physical abilities were on par with those of low-ranking nobles who had undergone 【physical strengthening】, but their physical skills were beyond that.

A true display of physical strength.

And the source of the magic power felt from outside the village was - without a doubt - the weapon. It must be a magic tool that can activate a spell. That's all he can think of. But he has never ever heard of such a thing.

Who in the world would have done this .......

Nevertheless, only a noble, and a prestigious noble at that, could prepare or develop a magic tool of that caliber. He knew a few such nobles with that tremendous power. But there is no way they would be crazy enough to give magic to a lowly commoner........

If so, then there's a hidden genius out in the field....and that person is a commoner.

So horrifying!

A horror ran down his back. It even felt as if a vile arm emerged from under his feet, caught him by the ankle, and pulled him down.

He looked down at his feet, but there was nothing but some grass brushing against his ankle.

if the commoners gain access to magic that was originally available only to the nobles, If such a thing occurs....

Technically, these magic tools can only be activated by those with magic powers or those who can handle life energy, such as the residents of this village, but that alone is enough to send the nobles into a panic.

But they are still hope.

He shook at the thought, clutching his fist.

These people are capturing one after another of the crazed bandits that the mages have created. But it was a team, not a one-on-one fight. Moreover, judging from the way they fought, they were bound to lose by sheer force if fought head-on.

If that is the case, then, if I make the 【madness】 stronger, created more mad warriors, and if I, as a talented commander, use 【covert】 and give appropriate command from the shadows, then......

Yes, yes this is it! be positive!

This time, these lowly bastards simply took advantage of my noble honor.

How coward of them!

It is because of us, the nobles, that even the lowest of the low like them are allowed to exist, and it is because of us, the nobles, that the lowly commoners remain commoners.

Or perhaps it was a mistake to choose the commoners as the experimental subjects because the nobles cannot be used as test subjects. As I thought, Commoners are useless, just like commoners they all are.

He acknowledges the reality in front of him to some extent, but his interpretations of it turn into something more favorable to him, shift the cause of the failure, and then he comes up with the next plan.

Next time, next time, he will not fail.

If I don't give up, my dreams will come true.

As a nobleman, giving up is not a noble thing to do.

But then, as if to mock him for it, he was confronted by a spectacle sight...

It was a petite girl. And she was very, very pretty.

Like a resident of this region, she had flaxen hair and auburn eyes. She was probably in her mid-teens by her appearance, her face still had an innocent look to it, her skin was well-tanned and looked good with a short haircut. The girl's eyes were full of confidence and it was clear that she would not back down even if confronted head-on with the hulking bandits, yet she seemed out of place in this swashbuckling scene.

She was dressed differently from the other villagers.

The one-piece white dress with gold and blue embroideries, her majestic stance, and her posture, made her look like an enchantress from an upstanding family, a "noble" woman.

"Noble."

That's what she looked like.

Her age does not seem to suggest that she is the leader of this group, but among the nobles who boast of their high ranking and a great amount of magic power, there are many who are younger in appearance than their age. Perhaps she is the noble who leads this group, or perhaps she is the person in charge entrusted by the noble.

Still, I can't sense any magic power from her either.......

It was Monica who was thought to be the evil enchantress.

Despite what he thought of her as noble, she was the youngest daughter of the village chief, a commoner from the village.

She has always tried to act and behave in a manner that would be respectful to her beloved Des, but it seems that this is something that even those from the nobility would approve of.

A maiden in love is the strongest creature.

Or so they say.

She stood in front of a man with a large physique and bloodshot eyes. The difference in size between the two of them was so great that they could be described as a bear and a doll, not to mention an adult and a child. If only he had caught her and tugged at her limbs, he would have surely been able to pull them off with as much ease as if he were plucking a flower from the roadside. However, Monica showed no sign of hesitation as she approached the monster head-on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Crack, Crack

The bonfire is cracking. The ember shone and flew in the dark sky like stardusts, and in the midst of this darkness, Monica leaped through the air towards the monster.

She approaches him head-on like a reckless kitten. The man swings down his huge arm. Like a large tree trunk that was about to fall upon her. Although the swing didn't have that much strength in it, its mass alone would crush the slender girl.

But.

Monica laughed.

A fifteen-year-old girl with a lovely face and figure.

Shhh

She bared her fangs like a beast.

The evil mage couldn't believe it. So did the maddened bandit who swung his arm down. No matter how insane she is, a dainty kitten is still a kitten, It can easily be crushed by the rule of nature. Even if he goes insane, he still understands that much.

Thump!

The dull sound of a hard object smashing into his flesh. Just as he was unaware of what was happening to him, the pretty girl lept into his chest.

Monica, who looked like a doll compared to him, broke his huge arms.

And then...

【Strike】!

The girl's delicate hand slammed into the bandit's solar plexus.

Her right hand was stuck on the huge body, and she slammed her left foot into the ground with all her might. Turning her body like a pole, she fitted her body between the ground and the monster.

She uses her body like a spear to strike the opponent. It is a deadly technique that uses her entire body and the power that is transferred through her body from kicking the ground. The girl's small frame makes a huge man writhe in agony.

"Oh, go, oh, ga, ah ......"

A killing blow.

The forces that had been struck out swept through the entire hulking man's body.

And just like that.

With an earth-shattering crash, his body fell flat on his back on the ground. The ugly face with its white eyes that are no longer capable to witness the beautiful starry sky. Nor could he look up at the lovely girl who had struck him.

But she didn't kill him, because, He would be sad if she did.

"Hmph, what a boring opponent."

But the flame in her eyes tells that just one victory is not enough.

Crackling bonfires, twinkling stars.

Her piercingly bright, reddish-brown eyes are as bright as the light of the star.

Monica of Moiré Village.

With her innate physical strength and relentless training - mainly from Randolph nowadays - at the age of fifteen, she is arguably the "strongest" person in this village. The madden bandits are no problem for her.

Before long, all of the crazed bandits had been defeated and captured.

They captured them, a group of burly villagers from a rural village in a remote territory. The magical tools in their hands were fearsome, but they deserved all the credit for their full control of them and their superb use of their bodies. They were not dressed in armor like knights or robes like mages, but only in the villager attire who had just woken up after the feast.

What--what is this, what is this?

The evil mage was struggling just to keep his knees from collapsing. There was no hint of magic power from her. she had defeated the crazed bandit without using magic or magic tools.

I can't believe it.

I refuse to believe it.

She defeated his 【Madness】 without using any magic or magic equipment. She did not team up, nor did she use any power other than her own. It was a head-on battle of strength with no tricks, the way that was recognized by the nobles. And since she did not use magic, she must be a commoner. The mage's magic was defeated by a mere mortal commoner.......

--No way! No way No way!

Now he was the one that about to go crazy. But he is still a noble even if he is rotten, not giving up is one of the prides of nobility. Heaven gives to those who want if you don't give up, If I give up now will my dreams come true?

His crafty ears caught the words.

One of the villagers speaks to her. "Monica, You're doing great as usual - no, it's even than usual today. I guess you're that happy to be married to Desmond-sama huh? He is the man you've been in love with for so long after all." He smiled teasingly.

"Of course!"

The man who tries to tease her now turns amused.

"I don't want to marry other men! all I want is Des! I want Des to pour his seed into me until I'm pregnant. Nothing else could make me happier!"

There is no sexual desire or lust in this world.

however, affection does exist.

I want to marry someone I love , or I want to have children with someone I love. There are of course other factors involved there. Having a child with noble, a child with magical powers will be advantageous for the future. However, Monica, like Sophie, sought him because of her love for him, not for benefits.

And her love for him is--...

"I am so excited to have the seed of such a strong man poured into me and to conceive his child."

She said.

--Desmond! She's that Desmond's concubine!

The evil mage's eyes widen.

If it is <Damwead heretic> it would not be surprising if he gave his seed to a commoner. He is a foolish man beyond belief, to think that the noble using magic to reform the commoner's agricultural land. We don't know why he would do that--some think that that idiot might be helping the commoners just to use them as his plaything, but.

I never thought that he was arranging something this outrageous........

At that moment, the righteousness of nobility flared in the heart of the mage. His pride, his dignity.

-This village must be destroyed.

He felt it. Not with the sinister thought of experimenting with the 【Madness】 commoner, but as a noble, this fallen self will defeat an unfaithful person who is wronged against the nobility. How dramatic and festive that would be!

His rotten brain began to spin at high speed.

How to destroy this village, to overthrow him.

Besides, maybe he was not the only nobleman involved in this village. If so, if I destroy this village and crush that heretic, I will be the spearhead that starts the fight against that evil faction.

The fallen me.

Me who had no choice but to conduct such shameful experiments on the commoners.

Me!

At least, if I destroy him, I will own his territory, which was so undeserved for him.

I shudder with my fists clenched, the serge of energy overflowing in my head.

But.

-- which means that his territory....... I don't know if this village is really this poor or if the other villages are equally shabby, but it can't be a prosperous territory anyway. Moreover, there might be other villages that distribute these tools to the commoners, The tool that allows them to use noble magic, privileged only to the nobility.

I won't allow it, Desmond.

I must kill him.

The eyes of the evil mage filled with dark flame, set ablaze by the righteousness of the nobleman.

And so the corners of his mouth lifted up hideously. His eyes were fixed on Monica with a venomous glare.

--Now let's make her mad.

She's strong.

And I don't see any signs of her using magic like the other villagers.

To give its best effects,【Madness】 has to be cast slowly and gradually over time. Otherwise, it will not listen to what the user says. It would be a lie to say that the bandits this time followed my instructions completely, but thanks to the magic, they could still be instructed to "wait" even without the repeated use of the 【Madness】 spell.

I could do more than that. But right now...

--There's no need for that.

Let's give that little girl a good burst of【Madness】. Then, without knowing why, she will take on her fellow villagers like a storm. They will naturally try to subdue their fellow who has suddenly gone berserk. But that should be enough Maybe they will capture her, or kill her, or call in other villages.

Speaking of which, they say that Desmond ran away when he saw the dead body in his first battle.

I wonder what he will look like when he sees the remains of his little secret village?

--I can't wait to see the look on his face.

"Kuk, kuk, kuk, kuk......."

A haunting echo blends with the darkness.

However, no one notices his 【covert】. Human was afraid of darkness. Whether it is the darkness that laughing or the one lurking in the darkness laughing, there is no way to distinguish between the two.

Even the villagers, who had easily captured the terrifying bandits didn't notice anything - perhaps it was because they were so strong that they did not care about the laughing voices from the darkness - Now they are talking cheerfully, wondering what to do with these captives, and thinking what they should tell Des-sama tomorrow.

"Idiots" The delightful voice dripped from the darkness.

He is careful not to touch others as he walks toward Monica among the villagers, who are congratulating each other on their victory, asking if they should drink again.

They may not notice if he touches them, but with such physical strength, it would be bad if they swing their arms at him. Besides, it is absurd for a commoner to touch a noble.

They would rather think this is their honor to receive this【Madness】spell.

He stands in front of Monica, who is chatting with the villagers, and extends his hand to her.

--Now your plan is ruined! I'll show you what I'm capable of!

"Desmond!" the evil mage let out a seething grunt.

--"Hm? did you call me?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ha----?"

said the guy who wears all black and dressed like a criminal in a detective manga from my previous life.

--Well, I just responded because I was called, why are you so surprised?

"Dez-sama!"

Monica sputtered and turned around, her twinkly eyes shining brightly. Unlike usual, dressed modestly.

I felt a different emotion from when I hugged her slender body and stroked her head earlier. She was wearing a one-piece dress with gold and blue embroidery on a white base, I thought she was just like a relative girl until now, but after watching her like that.......and more importantly, she was seriously in love with me to the point that she did not want to marry any other man but me, let alone asking for her first night rights. But.

What the hell is this situation?

These old men who looked like bears (and they all had bloodshot eyes with white pupils, and their muscles looked like they would explode at any moment.) were being restrained with 【Thorn bind】. By just the look of them. Perhaps, the alarm sound alert earlier must have been the work of these guys. However.

Thank God, it was over. -- I was trying to come here as fast as I could. I tried to resurrect the maid who was apparently unable to get up after being fucked in the ass for several times, casting 【Clean】 on her, putting her clothes back on, and cast 【recovery】 several times but she was still a bit dazed and couldn't get up. Ahehe.

But if that was Charlotte, she would be fine....... I have learned a lesson to not use that Eros fairy as a standard.

This is - that, there's no doubt that Katherine is brilliant, but she seems to be the type of person who, although her answers are perfect on a test, actually got a zero because she forgot to write her name down or something. And she only be like that when I'm involved.

'Master makes women crazy ......'

The thing is, I didn't want it to be proven like this.

But then again, this man in black--

"What are you doing? Why are you trying to grab Monica's breasts?"

Monica's boobs.

Monica's tits may still be in a growing phase, but there's no such thing as the right size for tits.

They are my, precious boobs!

I don't want you to touch them. I have to speak up. After all, I am the lord of the domain to which this village belongs, even if it is a bad one. And then.

"Wha...Wha..."

The man trembled at my rebuke.

He look like he had seen a ghost.

I finally realized something was wrong. The villagers around me looked to the area where I was looking and then looked at me.

They look at it.

and look at me again.

"............."

--What? Don't tell me they can't see you? Only I can see him?

Wait.....don't tell me.....

My spine suddenly goes cold, I can feel cold sweat trickling down like a waterfall.

What a surprise.......

I had never seen a ghost, no matter how much of a "chicken sense" I had. I didn't want it to awaken in a place like this.

Oh shit, can a ghost be defeated by magic? I mean, did I get on the wrong foot by calling out to him?

But that doesn't mean that I'm going to let an unscrupulous ghost reach out and touch my cousin's chest. (It's here! the *beep* is here. Please don't curse me....or was it too late?) As a cousin, I can't allow it to happen. I should tell him to stay away from my girl's boobs, and pretend to be her boyfriend or husband.

--I dunno.

But now I'm facing it, and no matter how much my knees might buckle, once I've spoken up, I'm going to push through. Besides, if Monica is cursed, that would be a big problem. It is better for me to be cursed than for Monica to be cursed. --Although I am still scared alright?

"Hey, you. Get away from my Monica."

"Hah! I can't believe you say 'my Monica' ........haaaa ......."

Monica wiggles adorably, I think it's very cute, no, no. you have a ghost in front of you right now he tries to touch your developing titties. I wish she's aware of it. But

"You .......Desmond .......what did you call me......."

--(still not as cute as Charlotte)

Oh no, I've been recognized by the ghost .......could it be that I'm the one he's really after? Is he trying to possess Monica and trying to kill me in the bed.......

--Oh, shoot!

I'm so glad I found you here.

and more importantly, I'm not going to let you possess Monica.

"I won't let you. Monica, step aside." - That body belongs to me.

"Huh? y-yes ......."

Even though she didn't know what is going on, she was too cute pulling away as I told her to do, as I looked at her. I even thought that I might actually longing for her.

I'm going to make you feel plenty good later, okay?

-gufufu

I've made up my mind that I'm not going to let this girl go. Clouded by degrading thoughts, my eyes turned distant for a moment.

But first things first. Unfortunately, I didn't know how to defeat a ghost, and I couldn't even cast holy magic.

I held up my right hand toward him.

I was thinking of the magic power that flows through my body. It converges into the palm of my right hand, and the "color" that is emitted is "flame".

I wish I knew how to use attack magic like Charlotte's 【Fireball】, but all I can do is just shoot out flames like this. I could add some kind of modification to it, like, "Be purified," or "Rest in peace" but I wondered how effective that would be.

Then, I try to shoot out a "flame" toward him.

My right hand bursts into flames as I try to act as a cannon, just like Grandpa said.

I'm a chicken and a scaredy-cat, but I'm surprisingly calm because my "chicken sense" doesn't feel threatened by this guy. It reacts to people like Randolph, Katherine, and Charlotte who shake me up in any way, but It not reacting to this guy at the moment. If I had to say, It reacted a little to Monica ....... Well.

That means - hostility is not to be feared, even if they are hostile.

"Hey, ah! You....... I'm, tsk. 【Barrier】!"

Whoa! The ghost cast a spell. Even though it's flimsy compared to Randolph's grandpa, magic is still magic.

That means magic is effective against ghosts?

Alright, I suddenly feel very motivated.

I'm going to show the villagers the dignity of their lord after all this time, and I'm going to show Monica, who's going to be my bride, a cool side of me!

"Uwa, dangerous, everyone run away!"

"That's the Lord's fire! The fire of hell that leaves not even the bones of a magical beast!"

--Wait? What? Why are you guys running away?

I want to ...... show everyone my cool side.

And then...

"Dez-sama! We can see him now! he's just a human! I'll beat you!!"

"What!! Really!!?"

Try wo act like a lord, I swallowed the latter half of the sentence.

Oh, that' s true, the black robes that looked like a criminal in a detective manga are gone - still in black, but now there is a body that seems to be a living human.

"As expect of our lord! He's been using magic to hide and manipulate them behind our backs! And Dez-sama can see through it!"

O-Oh .......

Although I didn't mean it that way, the villagers are all staring at Monica with envy.

Sure, it's more realistic to say he was concealed with magic rather than he's a ghost (this is another world, after all).

Person who can take the credit while laughing "nah ha ha!" like this ,his heart must be made with steel. So, is Monica knowing all of it and giving me the credit, or she really don't know? I'm not so sure.

--Oh, no! If he's not a ghost, but a real living human...

"I'm afraid I'm need to go easy on you."

"You... you... go easy on me?... Desmond! Who do you think I am?"

"You're the one who's being rude to Desmond-sama!"

"Yeah, yeah, you're the coward who hides behind us!"

"Wha ,gu, gu, tsk"

The black-robed one, whose veil of blackness had been removed, was "gunununu" at the villagers's insults. But that's not the cute "gunununu" at all.

But, I feel like I'm totally out of the loop here.

"You lowly commoners, how dare you insult me, the noble!"

"What kind of a noble are you, wearing such a bad taste black robe, lurking behind cowardly, aren't you just useless person who only know how to act all high and mighty?"

"Gu! ga! gaaa!!"

Wow, he's totally destroyed....... Is he has some kind of trauma?

Stop it, Monica, he is already at zero HP!

I would also like to say that, but I think no one here would understand it.

"T-that's enough, let me."

Although, Mr. black robe was quite terrifying, but for someone who said he was a noble, he didn't even shoot 【Fireball】 or 【Lightning Arrow】 like Charlotte did. Maybe he's really useless?

--Ah, I feel a sense of kinship a bit.

But that feeling has quickly shattered.

Because none other than Monica.

"You! You damned commoner, you made me look like a fool, and you will regret it!"

He was enraged, and though he was furious, again, he didn't strike me with his magic, but he charged at Monica.

I tried to act quickly as I could, but...

Boom!

He was kicked in the shin by Monica.

"Wow......."

Monica, you are merciless.

I mean, her physical strength is amazing.

Swhink! She gives me a peace sign, but I don't know what kind of face I'm supposed to make.

If she use that level of physical strength in bed ......

I'm going to be reincarnated again!

But it seems now that she's already deal with the mastermind. What am I supposed to do with this fire on my right hand.

"............"

Without much thought, I raise my hand upward and unleash it.

Whew!!! ~~~~

Boom!

Whoa!

The villagers gasped.

--Oh, fireworks.

What a mess!

I showed up and there was nothing I could do, the whole thing was apparently over. The nobleman (self-proclaimed) who seemed to be the mastermind of this whole incident was finished off by Monica with a single blow.......

--Well...

I wish that my magic can atleast congratulate them.

"Oh, oh! Desmond-sama is blessing us!"

"Thank you, Desmond-sama!"

"No, he's not, he's blessing Monica."

"Oh, I see."

"Thank you, Desmond-sama! Please make sure you impregnate Monica!"

"Oh, I want Desmond-sama's seed too!"

"............"

--Ugh, WHAT A MESS!!!!

Still, seeing Monica beaming with blushing pretty cheeks, and the happy villagers, is it too much to ruled that I, and my territory, are fine with such a thing?

Well, I'm glad to see that no one was hurt.

At least, that's what I think sincerely.

／

--But this is not the time to let the guard down.

"Don't ......look down .......on....... nobel....... you commoner! ......"

- 【Madness】

With the last bit of energy he had left, he put all the magic he had into the spell. The destination was the " woman " who had just kicked him in the face.

Even though it was flimsy, the 【Barrier】 was holding his consciousness together at the last moment.

"Aaaaahhhh!"

"Screw you, Desmond ......."

then he lose consciousness

"Monicaaaaa!"

Monica screamed in response to my angry shouts, and I used my 【physical enhancement】 to get to her before anyone else did.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Aaahhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The girl's screams rise into the starry sky.

Even the stars seem startled by it. Twinkling brightly.

That mage was already shackled by the 【Thornbind】. But if these villagers knew better, they would also have put the on him【Seal】 to prevent him from casting any spell.

So he went to Monica without a second thought.

"Monica! Are you okay!? What did you do to her!"

I grabbed her shoulders and cast 【Recovery】 on her as she screamed. In this situation, I wish grandpa Randolph was here. On top of that, I resented myself for not taking magic seriously in my childhood. I was unable to cast proper magic spells, even though I had a lot of magic power. I could put some aspect on the magic like "soundproofing" or "recovery", but I cannot do it like Randolph. I can't use real 【Anti Curse】, 【Antidote】, 【Clean】, and so on. The only thing I can do is to grasp that feeling and then use it. So, my magic is not a proper 【Recovery】, but just a basic aspect of trying to "heal" her.

Still, it's not enough.

"Oh, aghh, ghhh, oooh ......."

"Ha, ahhh, des......sama......aa......."

"Shit, what's happening........what should I......"

"Ugh! Ughhhh!"

I kept casting 【Recovery】 as much as I could. Monica was shaking, her eyes turning white.

"Shit."

I swore.

"Monica, stay with me!"

"A-Au ......."

I cast 【Physical Enhancement】 on myself and picked her up in a princess carry. As a girl, she surely did not want to be seen in this gruesome appearance. Even though there is no eroticism here, there is still modesty.

I let her face press against my chest. And then she put her arms around my back and pressed her face to my chest.

I knew she didn't want to be seen.

"Monica, I'm going to protect you, okay?"

"Oh, ahhh ......."

She clutched at my back, clinging to me. --Oh, her strength is the same as always. Should I feel relief or threatened?

I asked the villagers, but they had no ideas on how to cure her condition.

So I decide to run as fast as I can to the place they have prepared for me.

"Woah! Don't get in Desmond-sama's way, he might blow away the house if he isn't holding back......"

"Is this because of Monica? Desmond-sama is so tenderhearted."

I left the voices of the villagers behind with the wind and opened the door to my lodgings.

"Katherine! Are you awake!"

"Yes, Master."

--good.

She was awake, although she was still naked with the covers over her, just as she had been when I left. Even though she was petite, the swelling that outlined from under the covers was quite distracting.

A cold beauty, she was supposedly The lord's wife's personal maid. Her reddish hair, which she usually kept up in an updo, was down, and there were lingering traces of the redness on her cheeks. It wasn't the time for this, but...

--I'm getting antsy.

"Sorry, I know you're still recovering your strength but......."

I'm the one that fucked her.

"Look at Monica's condition. I don't know what the crazy mage did to her."

" I understand. 【Analysis】."

She is a first-class maid. Even though Master drove her crazy by using her asshole, she still do her task without complaining.

She's a very capable woman after all.......

".................."

Hmm? What's the matter with those eyes Katherine-san? I couldn't help but mentally add -san in my mind. With her usual expressionless expression on her face, and that narrow brown look in her eyes, how could I not?

'What crazy things you do again this time?'

I think she is telling me that with her eyes.

"............ Uh, What is the result of 【Analysis】?"

".............Master, what have you done?"

"............ No it's not me, it's a crazy mage that did something strange to her......."

"............ I think that what was done to Monica was probably a 【madness】 spell. I have seen it in old and often sordid literature. It is hideous magic that deprives the victim of their rationality, drives them mad, and strengthens their powers."

"What a terrible thing to do!"

I hugged Monica tightly in my arms. Monica clutched my back and buried her face in my chest. Breathing hard.

"Suuu, haaaa"

Her breathing was also ragged. If you keep doing this 'Suuu, haaaa, Suuu, haaaa', my chest is going to get damp.

Does this mean that those bandits with bloodshot eyes with monstrous physiques, having muscles that looked like they would explode at any moment - because of 【madness】?

--How atrocious. But in that case...

"Then you have to quickly undo that thing that was put on Monica! I can't do it! Not with my magic ......."

I have never been so ashamed of my inability to do something. --Or maybe there was.

It's a bad habit of mine to try to look back on my memories, I can't hope to master the magic that could have saved her. But with my screwed-up <magic circuit>, there's not a thing I could do right now.

--I'm useless........

"Sorry, but I can't."

The maid said.

"This magic that was cast on Monica-san does not have the effect of the original 【madness】."

"--What?"

I looked straight back at the maid's narrow brown eyes. She had a different, more complex "look" in her eyes than before. I could tell that there was something different in her almost emotionless expression.

"...I really hate to say this, but ......"

"Ooo-oh......"

"I have heard from Randolph-san that the people of this village have a special innards ability."

Oh, that's right.

The people of this village can use life energy to use 【physical strengthening】, even if it is not as good as the magic version. That's why they were able to use the magical tools I invented even if they didn't have any magic power - and I'd heard that Monica was one of the best users of them.

"So what's up with that?"

"--Yes, so because of her innard power, she could and should be able to fight back 【madness】 that was applied to her."

"............"--Was it screaming that time? Maybe that was the one that caused her to scream?

"But then, it seems that the Master's magic power has intervened them, strengthening Monica-san's power, and then Monica-san took in the 【madness】, rather than canceling it out along with the Master's magical power."

"............what do you mean?"

I tilted my head to the side, the same pose that a cute girl likes to do, Even though I'm not cute, I'm still a good-looking nobleman in a sweet aristocrat mask. And then she said.

"Master drives women crazy ......"

So what does that mean?

I have no idea.

"Monica-san is in a state where she is unable to hold the 【madness】 that she has absorbed through Master's magic boost. It is a state in which the wave of magic that does not settle in one's physical body and is raging wildly. It torments her, causing her breathing, heart rate, and body temperature to rise. Moreover, it has been given a certain aspect by the Master's magic power--"

So.

*Glare*

Katherine looked at me, her Master, with judging eyes.

"To put it simply, Monica-san is...aroused. Sexually."

"............" --Pardon? "So you are saying that she's in heat?"

"in heat.......you say? ...... sounds kind of nasty."

--no, un, well, of course....

Just when I was about to stare off into space[1]. She interrupted.

".....If it had been Monica alone, she could have possibly fought it off herself - no, she still needed 【Recovery】.... --But, the Master's unusual 【Recovery】 caused Monica to incorporate 【Madness】 with her own power, and as a result, she was brought into a state of 'in heat'."

What a terrible thing to do!

"............ I didn't mean to do that......."

"Yes of course. I have no doubt that Master sincerely and desperately tried to save Monica. --And I am sure that Monica adored Master from the bottom of her heart. Perhaps because of that, her body foolishly tried to absorb Master's magic power that flowed into her as an instinct. Master's magic power that has sexual desire - although I'm not sure, But if Master did not repeatedly use 【Recovery】 on her, maybe ......"

"........................"

"........................"

""....................................""

I was sweating profusely as I held Monica in my arms.

Katherine did not turn her eyes away from me for a second "I think this has awakened a slumbering 'woman' in Monica. Thus, Monica was aroused by Master. Along with that, the 【madness】 is not completely dispelled, but rather incorporated into her. Because of the magic that forcibly poured into her and ......"

A first-class maid capable of using 【Analysis】 said to the Master in a nonchalant tone.

What a terrible thing to do! That's the work of a devil!

--Why are you doing this, me!

But it was too late. There's no way of reversing what's been done.

"Well........what should I do?

'I don't know.'

I wondered what I would do if she answered me back with this.

A cold beautiful first-class maid would not say such a thing.

"Please perform a sexual technique on Monica-san."

"Fu~e!!?" I no longer care about whether I'm acting cute like Charlotte or not.

The maid never took her narrow brown eyes off me and said, "As someone who has been subjected to the Master's technique, I think that the Master's art is one that allows the Master's magic power to intervene with them, causing the other woman to be drowned in pleasure. It gradually took effect even without directly injecting them with magic power - semen ......"

"What's wrong, Katherine?"

I feel a bit concerned because she has gone quiet for a moment.

"......No, I'm afraid that....." She was reluctant to say anything for a moment, but she continued. "It seems to me that it is only women who long for Master that are affected by it....... This is what I have concluded by observing in Aldora and the reactions of the women since we arrived in Moiré village."

"............" -- Are you saying that I make women that attract to me horny just by looking at them?

'A true lord can cause a woman to arouse with a glance.'

Isn't it just like that?

"I'm sorry to make assumptions Master, but since Emily didn't show any of such signs, perhaps the Master's view of the person might be a factor in this too."

".................."

"Haah Haah"

Monica's ragged breathing was trickling my chest. My chicken heart beneath it was no longer pounding wildly.

".............then does that mean Katherine always attract to me?"

I said.

She hid her mouth under the covers.

"Please forgive me for not answering "

------

Tsk! You! You!

I almost writhe in my arms while holding Monica, the woman I had put in heat.

"After Master performed the first sexual technique on Madam, I began to notice that Master was looking at me in a very disgusting way."

You don't have to tell me that one.

"The truth is, rather than longing for you, I used to hate you"

--Well, I wanted to know that one, but it's getting more embarrassing.

In many ways!

"--so."

And the maid gave me a serious look.

She had been, and still is, almost as expressionless as before, but I can now at least tell that she has a peachy look on her a moment ago and now she has a serious look.

"I am sure that if you perform the sexual technique on Monica, you will be able to resolve this 'in heat' state, and you will be able to bring the 【madness】 magic that has taken hold of her to a calmer state.............. Master, please do not be afraid to reveal the woman's embarrassing side and drive her mad"

Now a sultry look.

"I never knew I am such a person .......a woman. I had Master put 【Recovery】 on after that alarm, and now my body is still......"

I guess that's the nature of people who are good at anything, yet still make mistakes in fundamental ways. But.

"No, this is my fault......."

--I'm the evil lord who fucked the maid in the ass and spewed cum all over her!

"............" but Katherine, still looking sultry "I beg your pardon Master, but--yes, my Master is a terrible man."

Oh no, I want to jump into this maid's bed right now.

However, the reason we're chatting like this is because ......

"Therefore, instead of her turning into 【madness】, why don't Master make Monica go all over you - Excuse me, I'll take my leave."

Katherine that I just fucked tried to get up. And the cover didn't obscene her body from my view anymore. Her small breasts, which are still exposed, are revealed in their full glory.

With erect nipples.......

"Master .......please don't look at me like that."

The eyes of a cold beauty have a light blush. The stupid thing under my trousers rises up.

Katherine's gaze caught there.

"I'll ask you to do it again on a different day, please."

"Oh, oh ...... yes...... anytime."

-- but.

"Wait, Katherine, you stay here and sleep. I will take Monica to the other room."

"But.....this is the Master's bedroom, and the other room is for servant......."

"I do not care about that. It would be terrible for me to burden Katherine unnecessarily."

And this is from the person who put a lot of loads on her.

"Thank you, Master."

The maid, with her naked upper body exposed, bowed as she sat on the bed gracefully. and then.

"I am longing for you, Master."

"...... Oh, me too, Katherine."

And with that, I change rooms with Monica in my arms.

She kept pressing her face against my chest, breathing hard and hot.

I wondered if she had heard our conversation or not. I put my lips to her ear as she clung to me.

"Monica, I'm going to fuck you now. Not just for deposit my seed, but I'm going to fuck every part of you."

I'm going to drown you in me, I'm going to make you cum.

Her slender fingers clung to me, gripping me in a tight embrace.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I was born as a village chief's daughter.

But in this village, this is not an advantageous position.

This is a village of fighters. The tale has been told from generation to generation that it was built by people who once fought and lost against the nobles.

That is why the village chief is chosen by the strongest person for generations, and external affairs are carried out by old men who are good at using their brains in such matters.

What I'm saying is, that even the daughter of the village chief is not given preferential treatment.

And then he came--

"The new lord has found us, and he wants Moiré village to join his domain."

Father told me this reproachfully when Des-sama made his first visit to our village about seven years ago, even though he was not the village head at that time.

We are the descendants of those who fought against the nobles and survived.

Although now it seems laughable now, at the time, the villagers were very much upset with Des-sama.

Do you think you can do whatever you want to us just because you are nobel? If you try to hold us down, we will resist even if there's only one of us left, even if we have only a tooth or nail as a weapon. They were so determined that time.

When I first saw Des-sama, I thought, 'How can such a weak-looking man be a nobleman and a lord?' He seemed to be trying his best to maintain his dignity, but I could tell that he was scared of us.

Because of the village's long tradition and necessity, we villagers of Moiré were able to strengthen our bodies without magic power through training and breathing practices. It seems that we were able to use the life energy (?) that resides in our bodies. If I had mastered it, I can read the flow of energy in the other person.

I was what is called a genius.

I was able to handle life energy from a very young age, and I was able to do things that even some adults couldn't. So I was not only acting like a boy, but also a rather snobbish child.

That is why I used to make fun of Des-sama.

He was weak and timid, yet he tried to control us just because of his position as a noble.

Certainly, Des-sama was far from the image of the arrogant and wicked nobleman who didn't even think of commoners as humans that the villagers said, but what he was trying to do is the same.

-I thought he was the same.

--at first, that's how I felt. But looking back now, it's like a bad joke, I'm so immature and foolish that I can feel my face flushing with shame every time I think about it. I want Des-sama to erase me with his magic right now -- Actually, that sounds like a very attractive way to die -- I think.

At that time, the villagers said.

"Get out! We don't obey anyone!"

"Ho-ho-ho, Aren't you a bunch of lively people? Acting like this despite knowing that the other party is a noble, -- interesting.

He was an old man who was not to be trifled with.

When I looked at him, my legs trembled.

Nobles are cowards.

Although they themselves are weak, they use strong people to act high and mighty.

The old man was very good at hiding his true strength. Therefore, the villagers who were unaware of his concealed ability attacked him and were mercilessly defeated.

I remember Des rushing to stop them.

"I don't want to do anything like that. I will not force you to obey me. If you are in need, I will help you and provide you with support."

Everyone in the village pondered about the man's words.

What good would come of it?

We had heard rumors that the town where Des's residence resided had become richer in comparison to what it had been before, thanks to Des's wonderful agricultural reformation. And he said there was no need for us to follow him and pay tax.

"Since I am now the ruler of this territory, I want to see everyone smile."

He said.

I really didn't understand what that meant.

This world is a world of the strong.

The weak become the meat and the strong survive by feeding on them.

In a place like this, where people live by hunting game or gathering greens in the mountains, it is not unusual for villagers to be killed by wild animals - or even by monsters. When strength is everything, the losers can't afford to smile.

However."

Hahaha, the wine made by Des-sama is delicious!"

"Wow, I've never eaten such sweet fruit before......."

"Des-sama, arm wrestle, arm wrestle. Ugh, you're so strong ......"

The adults have been hooked.......

--Not that I'm complaining, but..

Somehow, before I knew it, they had become friends with Des-sama. The same goes for the children.

And although it was true that the weaker ones were the first to be wooed, somehow even the stronger ones joined Des-sama.

"You know, Monica, there are people that look weak and timid, yet they're......"

---strong.

I didn't know what it meant at that time.

--I can't help but want to mess with him after hearing my father's words. So I ran into him with all my might, but Des-sama didn't seem bothered at all.

Ahhh, What have I done!

--If it was now, I'd scream that with all my heart.

Des-sama just laughed and said, "Oh, sorry." - I was eight years old at the time, and my strength was already enough to smash a boar! --I was so shocked that he didn't even feel it. I learned later from Randolph old man that it was 【physical enhancement】, the magic that noble can use to manually strengthen themselves. But for Des-sama's case, it was something that he could use unconsciously. So he thought that I was just a little girl who bumped into him.

It was humiliating.

After that, I did the same thing over and over again, but Des-sama seemed to think that I just missed him. And he took it every time.

--Good job, young me.

And then came that day, when it became evident to me that Desmond-sama was powerful. Along with how inexperienced I really am.

ＧＲＵＯＯＯＯＯＵ......

It was a monster, the roar of a strong creature that I can't beat it at the time.

It was a tyrant grizzly.

Standing more than three meters tall, it could crush even a large tree with a single swing of its arm. Even my father, the strongest man in the village was unable to defeat this monster by himself. If it's me now, I might be able to defeat it, But back then there was no way I could win. Besides that, I was too frightened to stand on my feet.

I had run into it on the mountain I had snuck off to.

ＧＲＵＵＵＵＵ......

Arms like giant logs, one or two times bigger than the bandit tonight. And at the end of it, there is a machete-looking claw.

--Aaahhh, I'm dead, aren't I?

I wish I could repay Des-sama before I die.

I wonder if it was because I was thinking of Des-sama.

"Look out!"

A figure shouted, and a body came between me and the monster.

The figure was big, gentle, and quivering.

I knew that even though Des-sama had strengthened his body with 【physical enhancement】 - he cannot erase his fear - he helped me even though he was scared.

And with the monster bear behind his back, He said.

"You're fine now."

He smiled at me.

After that, Des-sama took me in his arms and walked back to the village. The back of his clothes was tattered, but he didn't have a scratch on him. Nevertheless, he was scared.

And yet, he saved me.......

"Can't you just beat it?"

"No, I can't"

Said the master who was able to single-handedly stop and block the tyrant grizzly attack with his back, what kind of a person would say that?

But he meant it.

Apparently, being strong and being able to defeat an enemy are two different things.

I was taught that.

And I also learned that day that being a coward and being weak are two different things.......

"Besides, I have to save Monica first."

He smiled, patting me on the head.

"Guu!..."

I clung tightly to him with all the strength I had. I didn't want to let him see my face at that moment. But it was obvious from all the tears and snorts stained I left on his shirt.

"Uuu...."

But I finally have a chance to pay Des-sama back.

Although I am not sure if I actually thought that at that time because I was still very young. But that is not important. The memories are undeniably true for me.

I started to hug him whenever I had the chance, and to be honest, I felt embarrassed to do it even at my age, but it was only in the house so it was okay! Besides, now I couldn't live without regularly sniffing Des-sama's scent and taking Des-sama's stuff. So I always asked Master Randolph for Des's clothing whenever he left the place.

This is why I was so happy to be able to celebrate this day.

That's why I ended up receiving such strange magic.......

But because of that, I was able to be hugged like this, just like that day.....

And because of that, I was able to give Des-sama.....

◇

I tried to put Monica on the bed.

I laid her down, but...

--Monica clung to me tightly and wouldn't let go.......

Well, she's cute and all but....

But I couldn't do anything if she didn't let go......., so I quietly put my lips to her ear.

"Monica, you have to let go of me. I can't take my clothes off if you're stuck to me like this."

And then...

Her body tensed up.

"You hear me, don't you? If you can hear me, listen. I'm going to have sex with you. I can't really explain what that means, but-- "

I'm going to have sex with you.

It's not that easy to explain what it is....

Now that I think about it, with Charlotte, we were already engaged in reproductive acts, even if it was only for breeding. and she was intrigued as soon as I silenced her with a kiss...Eh? I knew it! my wife had been a dirty girl from the start.....No, it's rude to think of another woman right now, even if she's my wife. but.

--Ummm.........

I think of her more like a cousin and never looked at her sexually before - .... maybe Monica is still a virgin ..... possibly - and now I'm going to fuck her.......

--Un, that might be a problem. But.

"Okay ......"

I heard a faint voice.

"I don't care what Des-sama does to me........ I'm alive because of you, Des-sama......."

"............"

--Well, I did save Monica at that time, didn't I? Not with an ulterior motive......But...

You'll get uncle all excited if you say things like that, you know?

And she's a virgin!

Don't screw it up, me!

I suppressed my gushing feelings and laid her on the bed in my arms. And by that, I mean I'm on the bed with her in my arms, pressing down on her.

Wow ......, I am so messed up ...... the blood starts to rush to the lower half of my body already. Calm down, me, you're both the dignified lord and loving uncle, calm down.

"Okay, I'll be as gentle as I can. So, Monica, relax and give yourself to me."

"Un ......."

Monica finally relaxed her arms. But.

"------"

I was stunned by the look of the girl I had always thought of as a relative.

Monica had the look of a female in heat.

Her eyes were a little misty, her tanned cheeks flushed red. Her cute lips, still half-open, were breathing hot and sweet breaths.

"What's the matter, Des-sama? ......"

"No, nothing, I'm going to do it now, Monica."

"Uh, uh......."

She doesn't know what I am going to do to her.

I softly put my lips against hers.

"U......."

I heard Monica's confused voice, and then Uncle (a handsome twenty-eight year old man in this life) was sucking on the lips of his fifteen year old niece (imaginary) virgin.

"Mmmm, n......."

She's confused but willing to give herself to me as she declared. Her confused muffled sound was irresistible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmmmn......."

What....What is Des-sama doing?

Is this some kind of ceremony among the nobility?

Des-sama said he is going to have sex with me. Is this what it is? I didn't know what he was doing to me, but I would accept everything he does to me, just as I told Des-sama

--Well, if I really dislike it, even if it was Des-sama, I might try to resist it. I think.

But this is .......

Des-sama's lips were touching mine. Pecking at my lips, biting them, it was like he was trying to eat me. If Des-sama wants to devour me, I will gladly accept it. But according to what Des-sama and the other lady had said, I was in heat ......? And Des-sama was trying to help me out of that state.

When that strange guy did something to me, I resisted immediately. I think if I just screams, that guy's magic might dissipated and vanished. I want to tell Des-sama that, but.

"Nn, nn-uh ......."

What is this?

Is this 'in heat' perhaps?

Des-sama is trying to cure me by smooching my lips, but the more he does it, the larger the wave becomes and the more difficult it is for me to resist.

But I don't mind.

Des-sama's is sucking on my lips, pressing down on me even though he's trying not to put that much weight on me, his body heat, his breath, and most importantly, his scent....

It's driving me crazy.

"Ah!"

I jumped at the sensation.

Why, why? Why is Des-sama licking my lips? This is not right, It's like a dog....... For sure I wanted to be Des-sama's dog, I wanted to work for him and have him as my master. But I never expected Des-sama to lick my lips like a dog...

it makes my body feel even hotter.

"Huh, n.......n......."

Des-sama thrust his tongue in between my lips.

I don't know why, but....

slurp!

"Nnggggh!"

I nearly jumped up. But Des-sama put more weight on me than before and grabbed my wrists, making it impossible for me to move, and then he traced a slimy smear inside my lips.

W-What is this feeling, his tongue danced between my lips and teeth.

This is the taste of Des-sama's saliva?

"Mmmm, mmmm........."

I can't help but shift around. This is so much more nefarious than that mage's magic earlier. I'm not sure what to expect, Des-sama licks my teeth and gums slimy and seems to want to crawl further.

Is this a noble ritual?

Something to cure me? Des-sama, is going to have sex with me.......For me....

I don't feel repulsed by the fact that he's doing this weird thing to me, instead, I .....

I opened my mouth a little.

And then...

Des's tongue crawled into my mouth.

I felt his body heat, and the wetness of his tongue begin to dance in my mouth.

"Nggh! Ngghh! Nnnnggg!"

My hips buckle at the sensation, which is the first time I've ever felt anything like it. The tingling in my belly is getting hotter and hotter until it is impossible for me to stay still. I was moaning and struggling, but Des didn't show any signs of stopping or slowing down, he just continued to lick my tongue, twirl his tongue against mine, rubbing them against each other with an increasingly wet and slippery action.

A strange numbness spread through me.

I know that Des will not do anything I don't want to. So I'm sure that even though I'm having this reaction, he knows that it's not because I don't want to, it's just because I'm confused by this strange feeling......

No.

It's not that.........

I don't know how but I know what Des is thinking right now.

--Des-sama wants me .......

We rub our tongues together, while my body heated up.

Des-sama, I also....

"Nnghhh!"

When I tried to brush my tongue against his, I felt something explode in my head. I don't what or why, but that's all I can say. I'm sure that made my eyes flicker when I looked at him....... and still, Des pressed his lips even closer to seek my tongue.

"Ngh, mmmm, hmmm........."

Wow, my mouth is full of Des-sama....... --Ehh!? Des-sama, your spit is in my mouth........ But..... it tastes good, if you allow me, I would like to have more of your spit, Ahh Des-sama's spit, please ...... nnggg.......

As Des-sama's tongue licked and lapped inside my mouth, I was fed his spit, and I willingly swallowed it, seeking it myself.

Before I knew it, his hold on my wrists had loosened, and I "naturally" put my hands around his back. Although not so muscular, it is the back of my beloved. The one that I always longed for.

I was being pushed down by Des-sama.

I want to feel you more and more. I am small, but I can handle his weight no ploblem....... so I held him close, sucking his mouth, swallowing his saliva, and squeezing his body as I wrapped my legs around him and ......

--What's this?

there's something hard ...... on my crotch .......

"Nngh!"

As soon as I felt it, my heart--my belly? Something deep inside, that I had never felt before was surging. I had felt a hot throb earlier, but this was like something is overflowing ...... from my depts.

"plop ......."

Des-sama's lips parted, leaving behind a sound and a sensation that made my ears twitch.

--Oh, I wanted to do more.......

But why.......

"This is 'kiss', do You like it?"

"Kiss......?"

Des-sama's blue eyes peered into mine as he began to loom over me. He has blond hair that is foreign to this area, and a face that is so well-defined that it sets him apart from the commoners. I wasn't really into such things, but I'm sure that this is what is called 'the work of art' I heard in the rumor.

But a kiss......?

"You call this ...... a kiss?"

"Yes, Monica is a very good girl, even wanting it herself."

" Hmm ......" I'd be pouting if someone said something like that to me.

"Yes .......kiss, I guess I like it ........... It has a strange numbing sensation, but I want to do more, I want to get more of Des-sama's saliva......."

--Is Des-sama shaking?

Then Des-sama nodded and said, "That's called feeling good. I'm going to make Monica feel even better than this. Is that alright?"

M-more than this? Just now, my head is getting blurry, and my belly is getting hotter and hotter - but more?

"You don't like it? But you need to endure it, it's what I have to do to cure you."

Somehow, Des-sama looked apologetic. I wondered why he looked that way. I would be lying if I said I wasn't worried about what would happen to me if he made me feel this good, but - even so, if Des-sama said he would make me feel "that way." then I would be happy to comply.

--I don't know why, But I'm excited, much more excited than when I hunted a Tyrant bear.

Well, I suppose that makes sense.

Because Des-sama is stronger than Tyrant Bear. I know that he is timid and has some weak sides, but still, he is strong and kind. So.

"Ngh, mmmm, mmmm........."

Now I did it myself.

I pulled Des's head back and kissed him. I put my tongue in Des's mouth, stirring and twirling it, just like he did....... Aaah, my body is getting hot again, and lightheaded............. Mmm...

"Nnghhh ...... chupuhahaha ......"

"Monica......."

Des-sama makes a surprised face - yes, this is one of my favorite expressions.

"It's okay. Des-sama can do whatever he wants to me. Besides, this feels good, and if Des-sama wants to I want you to do more ......"

The expression on Des's face is similar to surprise but not, he seems to be holding back the emotions that are swelling inside him. It was as if he was waiting for the moment to unleash those feelings.......

It was a look I don't recognize.

And when I was staring at that face, I felt something.

--It feel just like when I accidentally said something naughty.

And Des-sama said.

"All right then. I will fuck Monica to the hilt."

Des's hand, which had always stroked my head, for some reason moved to my tits. And the lips that had been sucking my lips now on my neck.

"Mmmm....... oh ......."

W-what is this? I was so surprised to feel the sensation. Des-sama's lips are on my neck and gently sucking on it. Then he licked me all over like he was going to eat me.

He rubs my tits gently, like he is softening the meat.

squish, squish

My swollen breasts are being reshaped by his adult palms with gentle, yet bold, touch. --Although they didn't have that much meat to reshape. But still...

--I'm at Des-sama's mercy.

This makes me feel somewhat thrilled.

This feeling....... I want more ......

"Nngh."

The feel of his slimy lips and tongue on my neck makes me moan. which I find strange, making me twist and writhe. Des-sama continues to rub my breasts. I couldn't help but wonder why he rubs them so hungrily.

"Do you like tits, Des-sama?"

Punyu!

Des-sama's palms tightened unconsciously

"Oh, sorry."

"No, it's fine, it didn't hurt or anything......."

I didn't mean to upset him by saying that.

"...... Yes, I like boobs."

"...... my boobs are not very big...... yet, do you like them this much?"

When I said that, Des-sama kind of froze up.

(That's not it! It's not that I like still-developing boobs!! It's because I love all boobs even if it's small!)

I don't know what it is, but he seems very, very nervous.

"If you like it, please rub it more. I also feel somewhat at ease when I'm being groped by you, Des-sama......."

"............ feel ...... do you feel uneasy?"

"Umm...Yes, the neck one gave me the shivers, but the boob, not so much."

"............ I see."

"---- yes?"

Des-sama had a strange look on his face, as if he was feeling guilty or in shock.

This was also a new face for me. Since we started doing this, Des-sama has shown me many faces that I had never seen before, and I am enjoying it.

My body is still hot to the point of boiling, and the twitching in my belly is getting stronger and stronger. I am also feeling anxious, but I think my expectations are higher than my fears. As long as Des-sama was pressing down on me, and as long as he was rubbing me, and as long as I could feel him, my body relaxed even though it was hot.

I wonder how Des-sama will eat me .......

"Hyah!?"

"You have a lovely voice."

Des-sama's hand reached down to my skirt, and I - as Des-sama said - let out a voice that I even I thought it was cute. -- I'm ashamed of it. But.......

"Des-sama, what-what are you doing ......?"

"--You don't like it?"

Des-sama's expression is still strange. His nostrils are flaring and his cheeks are twitching like he's desperately trying to hold back a smirk.

"u-uh....... I don't hate it, but ......."

"Well then ......."

And then Des-sama's rolled up the hem of my skirt.

I was about to resist but I managed to stop it.

"why ...... stop, why ...... are you want to take it off?"

"Aah, So I can make Monica feel even better. Can you let me undress you?"

"Um..mmm ...... yes ......."

My face is probably blushing rightnow.

Why, why am I so embarrassed?

Although I had successfully invited Des-sama to bathe with me many times, and we had seen each other naked and even washed each other's skin. Last time De-sama trying to escape, but I managed to catch him and give him a back scrubbing.

Of course, we were both naked at the time.

So why, all of the sudden?

Could it be because Des-sama is staring at me with those shining blue eyes?

......why?

I was confused, but I let him do as he pleased. Des-sama gently rolled up my one-piece dress and peeled it off.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh, oooh ......."

I stripped Monica and it slit right off easily. After all, her small bulge still had so much to grow so she was not wearing a bra yet, which made me feel guilty and disgusted with myself a bit.

Her body was simply magnificent.

Toned and supple, her body probably has been tanned in every nook and cranny. Only her nipples are lovely and pink, and the areolas are a bit big - and they are already starting to stiff.

Although Monica was in heat, she still had a look of shame on her face that I had never seen before.

As Katherine said, by looking at the girl who longs for me with a dirty look, I can awaken her sexual desire and sense of shame.......

--I just can't stop being horny!

"I like boobs, so, let me."

It's important for people to open up.

"D-don't.."

Having said that, Monica does not resist. She is the type of person that stubbornly rejects anything she doesn't like. She was in love with me and she is allowing me to do this to her.......

--Guhuhuhu.

Good, good, I'll make you feel even better, okay?

I lick and lick. I feel like I am a pervert, or rather, I am a pervert. The girl's breasts are small but they already show the sign of a woman.

Delicious!

Moreover, she was sweating profusely and smelling ...... like a girl.......

"*sniff*."

"Hm!"

The girl's back bounces, but her breasts hardly shake at all as I suck on the tip, which is just beginning to erect.

I twirl my tongue around the girl's nipples and nurture her buds to a puffy state

"Oh, ahhh ......." Monica moan sweetly.

The bulge in my pants now hurts so much that I need to release it.

"Haaa, what, why, Des-sama is sucking my tits....a...aah"

"Monica, your hip is moving. It feels good, right?"

"f-feels good? But this is, more than earlier, haaaan......."

I bit on her nipple with my lips as I suck it, *chup, chup*. I rolled the one that I wasn't sucking with my finger.

"Nyahhhh, nnnn, haaaaahhhh!"

"Good, good, It seems like you really feeling it."

"Des......sama ♡"

I could go on and on enjoying her tits, but this is a treatment. I lick around the tanned fifteen year old girl's sweaty sweet skin and I start to descend lower, leaving behind a streak of saliva.

The scent of the girl still in her youth spices up my immoral feelings and keeps me from stopping.

"Oh........Des......sama..... my..... body, is getting hotter. It's..cooking me.... Is Des-sama going to eat me?"

"Yes, I'm going to eat you."

"Haaah♡"

I stick my tongue into her navel as she shuddered, then I open her legs, stroking her thighs which were toned with fine muscles.

"Aa-ah that tickles .......ummmm .......it's......feels good? Ah......、Des-sama, don't spread my legs like that..."

"Embarrassed?"

"Uh, yes........"

"It's okay, but Monica will let me fuck her any way I want, right?"

"Uuu......that's cheating...Des-sama......"

*shudder*

"I[1]....." Whoops. that's not it. "I'm a wicked noble. I'll collect everything from Monica."

"That's awful ♡"

I spread the girl's legs into an M-shape, bringing my nose closer to her writhing girl crotch. White cloth tied together by a string, they stood out against her tanned skin. So simple yet so perfect!

In this world without any sense of erotic, lingerie isn't something one would consider when choosing attire. Still, Charlotte and Katherine are noble and noble follower respectively, so they had more than the minimum cloth to cover their secret parts. Monica on the other hand.

-- what a nice surprise!

All She does is cut out a piece of white cloth for the underwear, trim it just enough to cover it and fasten the sides with a string. It's more like she's still young and naive to properly cover herself than living in a world without lewd stuff.

"Hah, hah .......-- *gulp*."

No longer able to stop becoming more than an uncle who is excited by a young cousin, the pervert now becomes even more perverted. The degree of perversion may vary from perspective, but now it's accelerated. There is no coming back.

I can't help but put my face against Monica's underwear.

"Fuu, suu, haaa..."

Ooooh, this immoral scent....... Sweat odor with the lovely perfume of a young girl. There is a hint of sourness and sweetness as well as the scent of pee mixed in there....

"De--Des-sama!? Why did you bury your face in there? Ah, Des-sama is sniffing me....... Des-sama has turned into a dog!? You can't sniff.....there...hii.....,ahhh, haa...."

A young girl who had never experienced carnal desires was now writhing while her uncle (A blonde-haired, blue-eyed, sweet and handsome twenty eight year old noble) buried his face in her crotch.

Is she still confused? -- No, As I inhale this scent that gradually emerges from deep inside her, it's easy for me to see now that there's more to it than just that.

Besides, even though she was gasping and moaning, she moved her hips and did not even show any sign of closing her thighs.

The cloth, which had loosely covered her, now turned sticky and gradually began to stick to her thighs.

I gently kissed the top of the cloth.

"Hah!"

She jerked and jumped like a captured fish.

"Des-sama, stop....."

"We're just started Monica, not even close to finished."

The fun has just begun

I licked the fabric and Monica began to writhe with a sweet voice.

Speaking of which, she should have been wet from the start if she was really "in heat". As I caress her, she slowly begins to get wet as natural. And Katherine started to feel it after watching me and Charlotte...Eh? It seems like my wife is the dirtiest one after all.......

...................

I started to get very, very worried about leaving her at home.

Well, that will have to wait until after I get home. I shut off my chicken-sense, which was starting to react a bit, and licked the innocent slit that was beginning to emerge from the fabric. The tip of my tongue is lightly but surely tingling it.

"Hyahhhh! What is this, Des-sama, so hot and ...... pleasant ?"

I love that questioning. It is not about whether it is erotic or not, but just an innocense feeling that makes me overflow with pleasure and a bit of guilty.

And

I undo the string of her underwear.

"It's going to get hotter. You better keep up."

--Can she keep up?

I think that as I reveal the girl's secret veil.

Uooh ......I pulled the girl's wet string away.

"Hya .......noo .......eh, no way, I wet myself......."

Oooooh, that's good, that's a good response.

"It's not pee, don't worry. this is the naughty juice that comes out when ladies starting to feel good."

"U-Umm, yes .......but why-why am I so embarrassed ....... I'm sure Des-sama has seen me pee before......."

Oh, yes, I have....... We bathed together, and she said, "I've got to pee." and we peed in the grass. At that time, I wasn't excited either, but .......I really want to see it again now.

--Gufu.

"Maybe it's because you're showing me alot more now."

"Ha?"

Normally, her expression was a bit cocky. And once she raised such a cute voice it was hard to tell the difference between her and Charlotte. However, my wife whose cuteness is on toe with a fifteen year old girl is even more strange.

No no, I need to concentrate on her now.

I went straight to her thighs and rubbed the girl's thin pubic hair .

*touch*♡!

"Hyah.......hi, mmmm.......♡"

"I can see everything, Monica."

"Ah, ah! noooo, Des, sama .......really, what have you done to me.......haaaa.......my belly, my belly is throbbing, mmmm!"

The girl's milky pink and glistening wet slit, still containing its innocent that even she herself had never touched. It was so sacred that inserting a male organ into it seemed like blasphemy. So even if this is a world without sexual desire, it seems to have its original function.

The slit, which seems to be getting more and more aroused, twitches lewdly to tempt me, a male with a sexual desire. --My crotch is about to explode.

--I thank the Lord for everything that has happened in this world.

I pray, I can't help but pray before this divinity.

Speaking of virginity, Katherine is also a virgin, but the impact of twenty six's and fifteen's is so different.

--I'm going to take this tanned, beautiful, fifteen year old niece (imaginary), virgin pussy.

I pressed my lips directly against the fresh of fifteen year old virgin's pussy.

／

"lick, lick, lick, schlop, schlop......"

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh ......"

What, why.......

Des-sama was acting more and more like a dog.

He started to crawl his tongue over my place directly.

"Hhhhhh, ugh, nn......."

As his hot, wet tongue flicked at my crack, Des-sama touched my inner side with his tongue. He is licking something off of me, slurping something. The flame in my belly is burning up to the point that it wants to consume me. My body lifted up as Des-sama licks my dirty spot.

I let out an embarrassing cry.

I try my best to hold it in, but the gushing that spreads out from where Des-sama is licking and slurping me increases in intensity, and tries to push me.

I'm scared.

But it is also true that I am irresistibly attracted to him. And above all, if Des-sama wants to lick "that place" then...

"Hahyaaaaannnggg♡ Des-sama! It feels good, it feels so good..........ah, ah, ah, haaaan!"

I found that the more I raised my voice, the better it felt. My voice, however humiliating it was, invaded my ears and set me ablaze.

Des-sama sucked on the thing above my pussy.

"Hahhhh♡!"

An explosion of nerves gushed throughout my body and my spine buckled, as if I was about to explode.

But Des-sama didn't stop sucking on "that place", twirling his tongue around it, and then

--And then he starts crawling ......... in..........Des-sama's tongue is inside my vagina.........

"Hi, hiiii"

*slurped slurped* I moaned at "that place" I didn't even know existed. The tongue rubs up and down the slimey tongue trying to widen the hole, Des-sama sips, swallows, and licks something that overflows from it. My body was flushed to the point that it was getting numb, my crotch is being sucked on by my beloved and I continue to chirp in an embarrassing voice.

Oh, oh, ah .......It's coming! Something, something is coming! Oh, Des-sama! ahh.......nnghhh, nnghhh!"

--scary.

--I want it.

something is coming....Don't come.......please don't.....

"Nghhhhhhhh! Ahh, Des-sama! Finger!!"

His fingers invaded my pussy. Unlike his tongue, it was hard, rugged man's finger. His finger, from the one I had loved since I was a child. Finger!

"Ahhh, ahhh! Ahhhhhh!"

With a wet sound, Des-sama's finger teased inside of me and I squeeze it back tightly. Then I realize that he is pushing it deeper .......

"No, stop, Des-sama .......nnnnghhhh, nnnnghhhh!"

I clutched the sheets tightly. Des-sama fumbles around inside my vagina with his finger, his lips attached to something above my pussy, sucking and licking it.

I--I don't know anymore.

This, this feels so good.......

"Des-samaaaaa!!"

"Don't worry, Monica, you can cum. This is what I call cumming. Show me how cute you are, Monica. I want to see all of Monica."

His fingers and lips move even more eagerly, his tongue swirling wildly. And the gentle sound of his voice invades my ears.

"Ahhh, yaaaahhh ♡! Ahh, ahhh! cumming? Des-sama, is this cumming?"

"That's right, Monica, cum!!"

*nip*

And

As soon as Des-sama's teeth hit "that place", something pure white exploded in my head.

"Ahi! Ahhhhhhhh♡ cumming♡! cumming♡! I'm cumming!! Des-shaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

My hips convulsed as Des-sama sucked on me, Something spurted out into his face and Des-sama swallowed it gulp, gulp, gulp.

I was now nothing more than an offering to be eaten by Des-sama.

This is really like a sacrifice to the guardian deity.

--I was happy. But still, the flame in my heart swelled up, as if it was still not enough, and Des-sama ......

Des-sama is completely naked. His scent was now spread all over the room ......

"huuhhhh♡"

My stomach was aching and I don't know why. What is this? It's like my body is wishing with all its might to be eaten by Des-sama. That's what I want. The source of that scent, I want it so much. I..I..

"I want it ♡"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Monica ......"

"Des-sama.......I, I want, I want it......♡"

I never thought she could turn into this. Was it because of the estrus, or had my sexual skills improved?

If it was the latter, I would be very, very happy...she says she "wants" it, but I'm pretty sure Monica has no sexual knowledge. --may be.....I'm not sure.

I get off the bed and stand by her bedside, letting the dirty old man's pleasure flow through me. And then I seduce her with my towering thing.

"Haa.......so good, smells so good......."

--I knew it.

She always likes the smell of me, or at least she did when she met me this time. That and the sexual smell.

"Dejushama's smell, this is much, much more intense than before .......I want it so bad ......."

"Do you want get closer and sniff it??"

"C-can I? Then......,huff huff, sniff......♡"

Kuh, oh .......

Monica-chan presses her beautiful nose against my dick, sniffs it and rubs it to check its hardness and heat. The feeling is ticklish and sexual, of course, the girl enjoys the smell of my dick, lured by her favorite scent. It's rather nasty, more so than merely sexually aroused.

Getting increasingly harder, I jerk and react to the girl's breath as her nose nuzzles me, Dirty juice drips from the tip and touches Monica's well-defined nose.

""Wow ...... ♡ The smell is getting stronger and stronger ...... and the juices overflowing from the tip ...... his thing smells so good ......."

With her nose brushing up against the grotesque tip of my meat, I can't help but feel a tingle in my loins at the sight of this panting stunning girl.

"...... This is the liquid that comes out when a man is aroused............ Earlier I licked Monica's female parts and swallowed the juiceswhen Monica was aroused. So, if Monica wants...."

Then Monica turned her torrid, droopy twitching eyes upward and said

"I can lick it?"

--thump!

"Oh .......good ....... you can lick and suck it......but never, ever make your teeth touch it. It doesn't feel good, and in the case of men, it is quite scary."

"Yeah, all right....... *suck*."

"Oh!"

She sucked on the tip with no hesitation, and my hips almost jumped at the lewd sensation that came pouring into me. Then...

Monica kept kissing my erect penis and kept looking upward at me.

"Dez-sama, are you feeling good right now?"

"o-oh ......."

"Hah, I'm glad. And, you're so cute. *Slurp*!"

"Uuu!"

She sucks the contents from the tip. She uses her tongue to flick and suck at the source directly. It was a strong stimulation, but it's not enough.

--As I thought, she doesn't know how to pleasure a man.

"Monica, can you suck more? I want Monica to put my penis in your mouth."

"Nn......hfff?"

Monica began to swallow the grotesque meat rod as I told her to.

"Oooh ......"

The slick slime and girl's body heat enveloped me, as she sips and sucks.

"Keep going, move your tongue around and bob your face back and forth ......."

"Ngh, mmm .......*Slurp*, *Slurp*, *Slurp*......."

"Aaah, good, Monica, that feels good ......."

"Nnn ♡ , *Slurp*, *Slurp*"

--In all honesty, it was a bit tame and lacking in terms of pleasure. I've been sucked off by Charlotte and Katherine, two of the biggest stars in the industry, so I'm not sure what to expect here. But I was so happy to see my newbie, who had just started sucking my cock bury her nose in my pubic hair and sniffed me.

Nonetheless, this experience is so great because it is like I am teaching a girl who knows nothing about oral sex to do what I like, molding her into my woman.

It's so immoral.

But not enough to make me ejaculate. This girl seems to like sucking as much as Katherine does. Is she has a smell fetish? I want to make her swallow, or spray her, teach her the smell of my cum, but I'll leave that for a later time.

--later? Is there going to be a "later"?

This is just her using her first night right. but unlike the other woman, she doesn't really have a husband, and...

Well, I'll think about that later. For now...

"*slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*, *schlop*"

I know it was a shame to leave this mouth, but...

"Thank you, Monica. That's enough."

"Mmmm ......."

"That's okay. I'll let you suck again. Now let go of me."

"Pu-ha, hah-uh ......."

Even though she was reluctant to leave, she let go of my cock and releases my meat-pillar. It's coated in saliva, and it's so tingly it makes me feel quite regretful too. And so -I'll let you warm it up again.

I move between Monica's legs and the bed creak accusingly.

"Monica, I'm going to insert now, okay?"

"Fu~ah......inschrt?......ah yesh, lotion............"

Her eyes wander through the room with a debauched expression on her face.

Shudder, a naughty pleasure ran down this uncle's spine...

I shook my head."That's not necessary. I've already caressed Monica enough to get you wet. You can feel how wet you are, Monica."

I pressed the tip of my meat into the girl's innocent slit and rubbed it. Our lewd juices mixed together, and the sound of her and mine began to echo, almost like I had already inserted myself into her.

"Fu, ah ......."

"That sounds nice, but it's going to feel even better now." --then I realize. " ...... Oh, sorry, it might hurt at first."

Besides, her vagina hole is very small to begin with.

"If it hurts or is painful, tell me right away. I'll be as gentle as I can, but there's not much I can do." This is also my first time breaking the maiden membrane without lotion. I was a bit intimidated by the idea. But then I hear her words.

"Don't worry, I can take the pain if it's Des-sama ---I want it♡"

If she said that, my rational mind would explode!

But the dignity of a nobleman and the desire to treasure her stopped me. I wish I could act like a beast too, alright? Not because I'm a scared chicken alright?

"Okay." I said, moving my slimy tip to penetrate her entrance.

and

I lightly pushed her slit open with the tip of my meat.

"Huh! Ahhh .......Des-sama, you're so big ......,I am getting seed .......I'm so happy ......."

Monica undulates her hips, showing her excitement. --eh? Is I the one who's in trouble? Still.

"No, Monica. This is more than just seeding. It's called sex, or fuck."

"Sex? fuck?"

"Yes, it is. So, can you say, Please fuck me?"

--Oh, this is terrible.

I'm going to make a nice, innocent, clueless cousin girl say and do nasty things to me. There's no going back for me now.

"Yes, Des-sama, please fuck me........"

I can't go back now that she said that to me. I had always loved her as if she were my cousin, but she was also my woman, and now I am going to have sex with her.

And the muscular man's meat pushed her maidenhood passage open.

"Aghh! Aghhhh! Dez-sama, Dez-sama is so big ahhhhh! This is much thicker and harder than your finger, aghhhh!"

"Hang on Monica, oooh, so tight ......."

She is a virgin, after all. And Monica is the flower of this village. She clamps down with such force that it's as if she's going to rip it off. But it is still a woman's soft flesh no matter how strong or tight it was. --It's so nice. I push my hips forward to press down into her, to violate her, to conquer her, to make her my woman.

"Ugii!"

She screamed like a ... girl ....... probably, but thanks to my careful teasing, the lubrication was perfect. But her vagina has not loosened up which seems to be due to the fact that her virgin body was surprised by my penetration and tensed up.

"Monica, relax, this may be difficult, but you have to accept me and surrender yourself. You want to be mine, right?"

"Uuu, haa, haaah, ahhhh!"

She felt a little looser. This way, I can put it all at once.

*poke*

"Hiiiiiiiiii! Nnnggg!"

I closed her lips with mine as she let out a shriek. Then, Monica desperately sucking on my tongue, twisting it around.

"Hhhhhh, nnghhhh, nnghhhh ......"

There was a wetness between our crotches that is not love juices. I felt myself being squeezed tight, tortured by her strong pussy meat. I fully filled her deep inside, and I felt my lower head now kissing and cervix as well.

kuuuuh ...... this feels so good ....... this can make me ejaculate right away....

That might be true.....before I fucked Charlotte like crazy!

I've been trained enough not to ejaculate this easily even with this intense sensation, at least. Thank you, my rightful wife.

So I can afford to hold and fondle Monica while I insert it deep to the base, stroking her short flaxen hair, and let this girl who gave me her virginity do what she wants with my tongue.

"Hmmm, nnghhhh, mmmm........."

--Mmmm, It's fine now. Her vagina is painfully small after all.

I let Monica suck my lips and tongue as she pleased for a while, until we got used to each other's bodies. If she begged for my saliva, I let her swallow it, and if she writhed, I gently stroked the back of her head.

"Monica, I think you should feel better it now."

"Hah? Ngghhhh, mmmm.......... Aaahhh, Des-sama is rubbing inside my vagina ......."

"No, it was Monica who's moving."

I gave her a good bump and grind in the back of her vagina.

"Hmph♡"

Her sweet voice is too cute, and I can't get enough it. I started to slowly move inside of her.

"Ahh, ah♡, Des-sama, I'm filled with Des-sama♡."

"Yes, I'm filling you up. Also, this is just the beginning. The two of us are going to keep rubbing each other so that we both feel good, and I am going to ejaculate inside Monica's vagina. That is the seeding. I don't know if you will conceive just one time, so we will have to do it several times."

"s-several times ......."

I'm only moving my hips a little bit, just enough to let her loosen up. I wonder what will happen to Monica-chan when I pound away at her.

"You don't like it?"

I asked.

"I don't ...... hate it."

Her eyes lit up with a hint of shame.

"Not if you speak like the way you did earlier."

"Earlier?" --Oh.

"Des-sama, maybe earlier when you said 'I' (ore) , you were just being yourself. I do not dislike the way you always talk, but if I knew that you really talk like that ......"

She turns her eyes away from me, a little sulkily.

"Agh! Dez-sama is swelling up in my stomach......."

"Well of course, I would if you told me that, wouldn't I?"

Having said that.

"Ehehe ...... I like it."

Oi, I like it too, ya know? .....As I thought, this way of speaking is too much.

"But you can't tell anyone else, alright? It's part of the dignity of being a lord, okay?"

I don't think it's a big deal anymore - especially considering what I've been through with the villagers in this village - but a promise is a promise.

"It's a secret only in this bedroom. Then there's the fact that I held Monica like this, right? I don't know if you know this or not, but normal seeding is not like this. You apply lotion, insert, and ejaculate."-what a post-sex-education, I thought.

"Yes, I won't tell anyone. I won't tell them that I have sex with Des-sama......."

The girl's eyes have a sexy and mischievous shine to it.

...................

A case has been made!

But when you are fifteen years old in this world and in this village, She's considered an adult with this environment where you have to grow up fast, right?

So, is she trustworthy. How much is this going to cost for me.

"Don't tell anyone in the village, okay?"

Even then, It is just sex between mature adults.

--Then the bad lord said.

"Okay, Monica, I'm going to move now, does it hurt? If it hurts or is painful, tell me right away."

Being a chicken and a cheat, I double-check our agreement. I thrust into the tanned beauty's virgin pussy up to the base, maintaining the pressure. Then her cheeks flush and she says

"...... nn, it's alright, there is still a tingling, weird feeling, but it feels .......er....... better...... than before"

"kukuku."

"Eh? Why are you chuckling? Aa!, no! Des-sama, don't grind inside! mmm!"

I couldn't help but feel like messing with this girl.

"Speaking of which, Monica, how's your heat? --Well, you know that foggy, weird feeling."

It's weird that I can only describe it that way, but compared to the beginning, She seems to have calmed down a lot.......

"It's getting stronger."

"............"

"But it's not like the beginning. Des-sama kissed, licked and played with me and ........ah........well, like Des-sama said, I'm feeling restless, but also calm."

"You mean you're in heat, but you don't feel pain anymore?"

"Yes.......but if you stop fucking me, I'm going to be like that again ......."

I mean, doesn't that she simply wants me to fuck her over and over again?

--Gufufu.

It seemed like it was, but it wasn't, Monica seemed to be serious about it. This means that although she is calm while I'm having sex with her, it hasn't stopped yet.

Katherine told me that by having sex with her, I was supposed to cure both the 【madness】 and the magic I had poured into her.......

Well, whatever will be, will be.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Then I'm going to fuck you until you feels comfortable with it."

I pulled my hips back then slammed into her.

"Ahh! Ahhhh!"

"Does this feel good, Monica?"

"Yes, it feels good ...... but I think this one is a little uncomfortable ............."

"I told you, didn't I? I'm going to keep fucking you, drowning you in me."

"Ahh, ah ah, no, Des-sama, don't move, hmmm, ohhhhhhhh!"

" Your face is lovely, Monica, very sexy... just the way I like it... "

" hmmm, no! Don't look Des-sama, don't look at me ......♡"

I grabbed her wrists that hid her face from me, and I stared at the tanned face of the girl who was indulging in pleasure as I bucked my hips. But it's not enough.

*squish* *squish* *slap* I imprinted myself into her vagina, a passage that had never accepted anyone or anything Her vulva walls had become more accustomed to me than when I first inserted into her. Although she still clamped down on me forcefully and tightly, like a strong warrior girl, it seems to be loosening little by little, becoming softer, becoming more tender and comfortable with me.

--Aaahhh, I can't get enough of it. It's so yummy.......

*slap* *slap* *squish*

and frothy mixtures of our lewd fluids are overflowing from the burning vagina. My golden pubic hair and her pale flaxen hairs are decorated with white moose as they tangle with each other.

"Hah, ahhh, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"How about it Monica? Does it feels good?"

"Ngh, ungh....... yees ♡ it feels good ......what about Des-sama...."

"Oh, it feels crazy good, Monica's vagina is so good, it's like Monica squeezes and clamps my dick just like the way you always hug me."

The truth is that, in terms of pleasure alone, I naturally prefer Charlotte who I am more accustomed to. However, the sensation that I was fucking this virgin, the feeling that I was shaping the girl into my own with her first time, and above all, Monica always loved me. Such a girl was looking up at me with a debauched look on her face!

*Smack!* *Smack!*

At some point, I gradually move harder and faster. Monica's voice was getting sweeter and hotter - she was also undulating her hips on her own, possibly unconsciously.

"Oh, Monica ......"

I couldn't resist and extended my hand to her bulging breasts. I rubbed and squeezed her tits, I pinched the erect nipple, teased it, and sucked the other one, licking it and rolling it around with my tongue.

"Ah, Des Shama, Des Shama ... I need to get seeded first, before me breasts can.....hah ah anh!"

Monica ran her slender fingers around my back and rubbed it softly.

*Splash*

And then came the sound of liquid bursting from our coupling.

From her breasts where I pressed my face against them, I could taste the scent of the girl who was about to become a woman.

I licked her neck, and then put my lips on hers as I held her close to me.

"Nngh, mmm, mmm....."

The lewd moans escaping in time with the movement of my hips make it looks like I was playing her like a musical instrument.

"Nnnn, nnnn, nnnn, nnnn......."

I can feel that she's calling me. So I returned the call, and with a grunt, I slammed my hips into her, pushing her womb that was coming down to meet me.

"Hhhhhh, nnghhhh!"

And once she tightens her arms and vagina, my limit is near.

I'm fucking Monica, The girl I've always thought of as a cousin, the girl whose I've seen her growth since she was a little girl. and now I'm taking her virginity and planting my seed in her.

--no, it is to cure the abnormality of her body right? But I actually didn't know how to do it. The only thing I knew was that I want Monica to be healthy, I want her to be mine, to be my woman, and I want to make her drown in me.

Oh .....here it is. My seed was rising up out of my balls and into the girl's womb. Monica was clamping down on me, too - good, I'm going to ejaculate inside of her vagina, a lot, until she's pregnant. She hugged me and I continued to pound my hips into her.

--Cumming!

*Splurt!* *Splurt!* *Splurt!* *Splurt!* *Splurt!*

I ejaculated, pressing the head against Monica's cervix as hard as I could, my hips even bouncing in time with the pulsation of my ejaculation.

"Ahhh! Ahhhh! Oh, Des-sama! Des-sama's seed is inside my vagina, shooting inside my vagina, ahhhhh! It's so hot, so much ......, throb, throb, throb. I'm being drowned by Des-sama, I'm getting squishy..... hhmmm!"

*blub* *blub*

--the evidence of her fullness erupted from our joined parts. I pulsed in time with it, again and again, sending my own seed into her vagina, hoping she might be impregnated. -No, considering her special first-night rights, Monica must be impregnated properly. But for today, I'm going to stop at curing this in heat for now, and since I'm planning to stay over tomorrow - maybe, it's already today - maybe I can combine anal sex with Katherine and impregnation and...

I really shouldn't be thinking about such foolish and wicked thoughts.

--right? Because I should be thinking about---?

*Bam*!

And if I had ejaculated into Monica's vagina. Then....

suddenly it came occured.

／

"Hah? ...... eh? What is this ...... aaaaaaaah~~~~~~!"

My niece (imaginary) who was being penetrated to the root by me and ejaculated inside her vagina while bumping our pubic bone suddenly began to writhe under me.

She was screaming, drooling, and thrashing wildly with a dreadful look on her face, her eyes almost turning back into her head.

This is clearly not okay.

"Hey, Monica! What's wrong?

--What's going on?

"Ohhhhhh!? Ohohaaaaaahhh!

Her vagina tightened, wriggled, and begin to suck me up.

*Slurp*! *Slurp*!

My magical power (semen) is being absorbed into Monica's womb.

With a strong sucking.

--It feels good, to be honest....... But

If someone had been subjected to such an intense suction like this, not only a commoner but a nobleman would have been drained to death. However, I had been playing with magic since I was a child, and even though I could no longer use proper magic, I had a stupid (in fact, I actually was stupid) amount of magical power.

She might need to suck me three more times until it reaches the bottom, but I am a chicken and I surely didn't feel proud about it during this.

--Why, all of a sudden?

I mean, is Monica all right? With my energetic cock still inserted into her, her face is turned into ahega........

"----What?"

It's not ahegao face that concerned me anymore.

*flip*

Adorable triangular dog ears rose from the top of her head. The fur color is the same flaxen as her hair. And from around her hip.

*wag*

And here is a flaxen dog tail.

"Ua...aaaaaa"

Without any sense of dignity or pride left, My mouth hung open and I could not help but gasp at the change in my Monica cousin.

I can't even think of anything else to say except "Monster girl, moe".

Oh, I have done a terrible thing, not only did I take my niece's (imaginary) virginity ...... and seed her, not only did I ejaculate a lot in her vagina ....... Before she could give birth to a new life, she herself was reborn into another being instead....

--I can't face your parents anymore.......!

No, no, no, this isn't that bad.

"Hey, uh....... Monica ......?"

I am afraid.

My erect penis was still inside Monica's vagina. And Monica, too, would not let go of me with her vaginal muscles clamped around me like a vice. I was having a hard time getting out of---

"Wuff.....♡"

Oh, crap.......

My "chicken sense" crisis-sensing ability now alerts me to the Max! I didn't feel any of that with the bandit or the mage earlier, so I knew it must be from Monica. It's a relief that I didn't feel any life-threatening sense, though, I'm sure I deserved it.......

"Oh!"

I Gasped. her strong, supple legs wrapped around my waist. The locking became as tight as it could go.

"Kyahhhh♡!"

Monica (dog) was delighted. She pushed the lord straight down on the bed and rode him! And then

"Huh, Ahnn ♡ sho good! Des-sama's penis feels sho good!"

"Hey! Wait! Monica! Wait! Monica, woof woof stop! You just lost your virginity, you shouldn't move like you're on a rodeo machine! Wait! you might get injured"

Monica was on her knees, her pubic hairs were in full view, and she was shaking her ass as much as she could, almost matching Charlotte in terms of lewdness and intensity of movement!

The rocking was subtle, but her erect pink nipples are too seductive.

"I'm ...... happy. Des-sama is worried about me....... I'm fine! It doesn't hurt at all, I'm not in pain anymore! But I want more, Des-sama! Oh, Des-sama! I want more, more sex! Fuck me, Fuck me more! Ah! Deep! Soooo deep♡♡♡ Awoooooo!"

--the howl of a bitch.

Monica's hips wiggled wetly.

"Semen, seed, impregnate me, hurry, hurry, hurry!"

So tight.

It feels good.

......, Is this because 【Madness】 is finally taking root? In this way? So the rut is finally fully activated? Sure, I've thought Monica was kinda like a dog before, but I!

"Screw it, I'm not going to lose! You bitch! Don't you dare underestimate an adult, the Lord, and the husband of Charlotte the Lusty Witch!"

I bellowed at the bitch, caught her by the waist, and pounded her from the bottom over and over again.

Monica (dog) was whimpering and moaning in a very loud voice, while I was cumming in her vagina.

"Awooooo! Ahhhhhhhhhh! Des-sama is going wild inside my vagina...ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhh......♡"

She bends over on top of me and seems to be savoring the cum that is pouring into her womb. However, my assault is not over.

"uff!?"

I pull her hand and make her collapse on top of me. The scent of the bitch bursts out, and I take her pretty lips and slurp her spit.

"Here, Monica! You want my baby, right? You want to get impregnated, right? Then you need to tighten your pussy more. That's how you beg for your master's seed!"

I turned her over to the missionary position, spread her legs wide apart, and thrust my hips into her. I expanded her narrow vaginal canal into a shape that was only for me.

"Haaaaaaahh♡! Uuuu, haa, ahhh, A-Awooooo♡♡♡"

Even Charlotte, the Ero demon, has never been fucked this violently. But Monica is a resident of this battle-hardened macho village. --well, perhaps Charlotte can handle this too--but more importantly.......

My rutting dog-eared niece. A beautiful tan sporty girl with cute breasts.

My reason was finally shattered due to the words above. All of them were the equivalent of a heavyweight boxer's uppercut.

I was worried about her, who had been subjected to 【Madness】 by a strange mage, and knowing that the 【Recovery】 I had applied with it had rather the opposite effect, I was driven by a sense of guilt. To be frank, I had nothing but pleasant feelings for her during it, but she grew dog ears and even a dog tail after absorbing my sperm

If that lovely Monica walks up to me in heat, begging me to fuck her, to have sex with her...

--I had no choice but to fuck her to the hilt.

I fucked her in the missionary position, sucking on her swollen fruit and erect nipples to my heart's content, I even carved a number of hickeys on her neck to prove that she was mine. Monica was leg-locking me during all that. I ejaculated into the deepest part of her vagina. I swung my hips wildly without pulling out, and we entwined with our tongues as she bent her neck, ejaculated, and without pulling out I changed to a doggy position, *smack*, *smack*, *smack*!

Cum in her pussy, Cum in her pussy! Cum in her pussy!!

I didn't know what I was doing anymore. I grabbed the dog tail and held it up so that I could see both her holes, and she cried out in an uncontrollable voice and wet herself when I ejaculated.

The smell of urine is now in the air, and also the smell of her honey as she squirts it when her clitoris gets stimulated. I put my finger in her anus and use 【clean】, then I fucked her ass as well. After the penis was cleaned with her mouth, I let her drink from it. The tanned and still innocent face was bathed in the white fluid.

I smeared it all over her flaxen dog ears and tail.

I sprayed her tanned limbs all over, coating them with my desire to turn them white. Her puffy breasts, her pink nipples, her firm belly, her supple legs, her firm ass, even the pubic hairs.

She happily accepted all of it, We got all soggy with the mixture of male and female, sweat, drool, ass juices, and urine.

-- Ah, it's fertilized.

"Wa! ooooh----Oooowhooo♡♡♡"

The bitch, who had been able to successfully get impregnated, was howling with delight.

Finally, the heat had subsided, and she began to sleep peacefully in that state, just as the yellow sunlight began to shine through the curtains.

The room was filled with many lewd odors, swirling around like a miasma, and I was still erect with a sense of accomplishment after fucking her.

I thought to myself, I....win?

Before I had time to reflect on such things, my knees crumpled.

"Master!"

The maid rushed in at the perfect moment.

You bastard, You were peeping at me all this time while huffing and puffing, have you?

You slutty masochistic maid in a first-class maid skin!

I no longer understand what I'm thinking.

Katherine stopped as she was about to step into the room, muttering something like, "oof!"

【Clean】.

"It's not enough?"

【Clean】【Clean】【Clean】!

After that, she finally comes rushing in.

I bet if I were a vampire, I would have been reduced to ashes as it is.

Aaahhh, the sun is so, beautiful .......

And so, the second day of my official duties ai Moiré village officially began.

--It's hard work.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Desmond-sama is fucking a girl.

She had flaxen hair, brown-auburn eyes, dog ears, and a dog tail on her buttocks.

Is--is this a dream?

But it is so vivid and ......

"Aah! Wann, Awoooo!"

The girl appeared to be very, very much enjoying herself, and even Desmond-sama himself seemed...

"Ooh! Monica, that's a good squeeze! That's right, if you want my seed you better milk my cock even harder. Yes, the more you squeeze my dick, the more I'll pump my seed into you. I'm going to impregnate you with my seed! Get pregnant, Monicaaaaa!"

He looks very pleased.

"Kyahhhhhhhhhh ~~~~♡"

Desmond hugged the girl, lifted her hips up, and ejaculated into her vagina in ecstasy as the girl pressed down on him. His testicles tightened up and his cock bounced inside the girl's vagina as he repeatedly pumped his seed into her, over and over again.

But that was not the end of it.

"Monica, I won't pull this out until you're impregnated, okay?"

"Hah, huh! Nuuuuuwaa ♡"

Desmond kept his cock inside her pussy as he had said, and continued to fuck her in various positions...

"Ohhhh! I'm going to cum! cumming! I'm going to impregnate you this time, Monicaaaaah!"

"Afuuuuuuu ~~~~ n!"

She was on all fours, exactly like a dog, getting fucked from behind, her arms and legs stretched out, her back arched and her face drooling like a bitch.

--She gets impregnated.

"Okay, you've conceived. But it looks like your mating frenzy hasn't stopped yet. Well then, I guess I'll have to use this hole too."

And with these words, Desmond-sama was penetrated in an unclean hole.

There was no way that someone would enter such hole.......

As I thought, this is a dream.

However, after cleaning his penis with her mouth, Desmond carefully loosened her asshole, and even inserted his finger into it and using 【clean】. The procedure was too graphic and realistic to be a dream--Desmond-sama put his hard, hot, and most importantly, large penis into her asshole.

"Huh ♡ hawawa, waa♡ waooo~ ♡!"

What a surprise. Desmond's strong penis, the one that always makes me so happy, was entering and exiting the dog girl's rectum. I can almost hear the sound of her squeezing as he pushes it open up, letting even her pink flesh peek out.......

I envy you........

-Ha, no,....... Regardless of how ... wild ....things can get in the front hole.....but.....I mean....using other hole is too much.

And besides, this is just a dream.

Such a thing cannot be real.......

But Desmond looks so happy and comfortable .......and the girl who is getting fucked in the rear is also crying and screaming like an animal, as well as Desmond-sama himself, who is getting his dick wet in her anus.

And then Desmond ejaculated inside the girl's anus.

He thrust his cock into her up to the root stretching it with his cock, causing her anus to overflow with white fluid, a mixture of lewdness and impurity making her squirm and jerk.

The girl howls with delight as Desmond pours his essence into her intestine, and he shakes his hips again, pumping and pulls out just before he cum, shoos it on her back, lets her lick it, and smears it all over her body.

Oh, how envious......

I envy her so much, her body, her upper mouth, lower mouth, and her rear mouth, all coated with Desmond.......

--Hah

I couldn't help but let out a hot breath.

This must be a dream. I'm sure he must be enjoying Katherine by now - uggh, I wish I could have dressed up as a maid and followed him. I wanted to take care of Desmond and get punished for being so inappropriate and --No! that's wrong! I will do my job as a maid of course!

I can even make tea!

Just pour hot water over the leaves and when the color changes, it's ready to serve.

--I'd love to, but honestly, I can't.......

Ugh, I'm lonely. The warmth is not enough, and my womb is sad.........

Unknowingly, I reached my right finger to my own crotch and my left to the large breast that he always rubbed and sucked .......

--Mmmm...........

I shouldn't do this. Only Desmond's fingers, lips, and tongue can do that.......

I'm too lonely and this is just a silly dream I've seen.

In reality, something like this couldn't happen.

However, if I ask him to do it to me.....

I want him to try fucking me in the butt hole....... want to smear Desmond-sama's semen all over my body.......

Ha, haaaaa

I shuddered at the thought of it. I moved my hips around and remembered his beefy penis, the way it moved inside my vagina, the way he poured his seed into me .......the way it felt in my mouth, the hot, sticky stuff, and the smell ..........................

--gulp.

Ah ....Desmond-sama ...

I want to feel that thing in my mouth .......the feeling of it sliding down my throat and into my stomach ......

Oh, please thrust your penis into my pussy and make me feel good. Please penetrate my vagina, my mouth, my body, my butt, even if I can't conceive, I want to have your seed in me.

I will do whatever you want me to do, Desmond-sama, I will let you indulge me, I want to drown in you, ahhh .......

Ahhhh...n.........

Desmond-sama.

I want you to look at me with those blue eyes, whisper in my ear, twirl your tongue and make me salivate, use those big hands on my breasts, hips, legs, belly, crotch, nipples .......there is no place on my body that your fingers, lips and tongue haven't touched.

My body wants you with every bit of my being.......

I don't know what will happen to me if you don't come back soon............. and what I will do to you when you come back.............

Aaaaahhhh!

/

--ha.

When the lord's wife was too lonely because her husband had gone on an official business (affair trip) for two nights and three days, The lord's wife who cannot hold the heat of her burning body woke up in his bed.

Then, she said to herself

"Hah, ha.......I wasn't actually screaming just now, was I ?"

The room is still dark, and yet, a hint of morning crept in with the light of a whispering star. The lord's wife quickly uses 【Soundproof】 just to be sure.

Seeing that no one rushes in, --perhape no one has heard her distressing voice.

"I have to be more careful......."

Hoo~ she sigh, her big breasts resting on the her husband's bed. then her cheeks puffed out with a child-like face, which is hard to believe that she is twenty-nine years old.

*humph*

"It's because of Desmond-sama. Desmond-sama has been using my body a lot ...... every day."

-- Ehehe.

"This is because of all the things you have taught me. I am becoming more and more lewd. By Desmond-sama's fingers, lips, tongue ...... and even penis ......

"Huh, ahhhhh ......."

Whether it was because she had such a lewd dream, Charlotte lay writhing in her husband bed, wiggling and twisting her voluptuous twenty-nine year old body.

-Yes, this is the Lord's bedroom.

The wife who missed him so much, declared that she would sleep here today and went into Desmond's bed. He had not been sleeping in his own room recently because He had been playing with his wife in her exclusively.

But even if the Lord not use his bedroom, it is still has 【clean】 applied every now and then.

Although there are certain smells and signs that he has spent many years here, they are not enough.

"Hah...Desmond-sama.......if you want to fuck like that, you can fuck me.......I want to be treated roughly......... Even I have to admit that I'd like to be rough with you sometimes...."

The wife's lovely lips, which could be mistaken for those of a teenage girl, overflowed with the heat of a lustful mature woman.

"Uuu, Desmond-sama ......."

The lord's wife began to wriggle as if to mark his bedding with her scent, or let his faint lingering scent sink into her flesh.

And then

"Fu!?"

*puff*

Her face suddenly turned bright red.

Then she fearfully pulls her hands out......

*schlick*

".................."

She stretched out her finger, and it was wet. The wife finally realized that she was touching herself.

She was comforting herself on her own.......

I slept on his futon and had lewd dreams.

- and, unlike that dream, I can feel the heat......

Blushing at how shameless and humiliating it was to get so wet when he wasn't there. Then the lightning bolt of lust surged forth at the thought of secretly wetting his bedroom.

"Hah, hmmm, nn.......Desmond-sama......."

The lord's wife's tender fingers traced a lonely spot on her negligee. The sound was inaudible from beneath the cover. The lower half of her face was hidden by it, and her large emerald eyes closed as she sniffed it. Her beautifully shaped eyebrows arched.

"Ngghhhh ..............Desmond-sama .......hmmm ......."

Her forehead is tinged with a mist of sweat. Her platinum blonde wavy hair was resting on the pillow, the pillow that he usually rests on. Then, It was quickly pulled down and snuck under the covers.

It was tucked between her legs over her negligee.

"Oh, Desmond-sama .......yes a ...... ah, n......."

She shook her hips and the fabric wriggled.

As she rubbed her fingers over the cloth, a weak spark began to pulse through her body.

But this is not enough.......

The lord's wife rolled up the hem of her negligee and put his pillow down between her smooth, white thighs. She pushed it into her soaking wet underwear, and her fingers went in.

Ahhh a lewd sigh escaped her.

"Please stop, Desmond-sama........I am happy that you want me, but this is in a public, and every eye are... Aah, no, you can't do that, nnghhh! So embarrassing ♡"

The lord's wife suppressed her voice inside her husband's futon. Her first masturbation was a shameful play, a high-spec erotic play that could surprise even her husband.

"y-your fingers are crawling in ...... hi, nnnn.........m-my hips move on my own? don't say such a thing. There's no way....I did something like that ... Fuya ah ah! "

The lord's wife bit her husband's cover, and the pillow between her legs squeezed tight against her thighs. As if squeezing a moist sponge, the juices transferred from the panties to the pillow.

"Ha, ha, ha, Desmond-sama ....... You are so mean♡"

The wife large emerald eyes blazed with pleasure.

"Oh no .... everyone is watching ♡"

Two fingers sunk into her honey pot. The sensuality coming from the tips of her fingers made her feel ashamed, to think that she had always felt this kind of thing from her husband...

--I want him to see it, touch it, and feel it.

I want you to know how much I miss you, how much I love you, Desmond-sama ......

"Ahhhh, nnghhhh!"

As she rubbed the folds of her vagina, her finger became more and more sticky and entangled with the flowing nectar. As the finger sinks deeper, while imagining his meaty rod, she feels her own finger getting squeezed, almost as if it wants to be spoiled.

--Aaah, I want Desmond-sama's finger and penis ...... I can't help it.

"Hyaan ♡ Aaahhhhhh!"

The lewd sensations that gushed out of her made her eyes flicker.

She can't close her lips, letting her lewd and glamorous voice echo out with her lewd face. But.

--I'm not satisfied......It's like I'm missing something..... Desmond-sama

The lord's wife thought of a certain organ that used to penetrate her lower, lascivious mouth.

"No, Desmond-sama, if you shove it there, I'll...... Please don't be so mean .......huh? Beg for it? I want you to touch me gently......."

Hah, hah.

The lord's wife trembled and writhed.

She gradually moved up, tracing the contours of her own slit. Approaching the very edge, she wandered aimlessly with a wistful look, like a dog being told to wait for its master to come.

"Oh, please, Desmond-sama........please touch.... Charlotte's little pussy.........I don't care where I am now.............. even if Peter is watching, I will show him that I belong to Desmond-sama now........♡"

And

*Scloop*

"Ahh, ah! Thank you for the reward!♡"

In addition, She also uses another finger on her clitoris.

"Fuuuu, ahhh, kuuuu, Desmond-sama, ahhh, this is too much......."

Kyuuuuh, The wife's toes curl up and she curls herself up like a fetus.

"I'm cumming, Desmond-sama is the only one who can make me cum. The only one who made me cum for the first time is you.......Ah, ah,ah!

Aaaaahhhh ~~~~~~!"

The lord's wife curled up in his bed and twitched. She sprayed her cum on the pillow between her legs.

That pillow will surely give him a good lewd dream.

*huff* *huff*

The lord's wife looked at her own fingers with a lewd face.

Her lewd juices were entwined with her fingers.

"Ha, amu.......mmmm.......*suck*......."

As of late, she had used to cleaning his manhood that was covered with her own love juices. Remembering that it was covered with the juices of their lovemaking, she licked and sucked her own fingers.

But.

--It's not enough.

"Hmmm, mmmm, mmmm........ *lick*......*suck*.........."

The more she thinks of him, the more she can feel the difference between her finger and dick-Sama. It's not as big, it does not taste like him, his smell, his voice, his warmth.

"Uh-uh .......hmmm, *suck*......."

This charming scene was something no man can resist.

But this is a world without eroticism. Even if someone saw her no one would attack her, and no one but him was capable of soothing her burning body.

"Ha~ no~~ stop~~"

The lord's wife, with a troubled and wistful look of a mature woman, let her fingers sink into the cover once again.

She is twenty-nine years old with a mature body.

The wife who stays at home warms and wets her husbad's sheet, waits for the return of her beloved one while her body burns more and more in agony.

If he doesn't return soon, will Desmond be reduced to ashes because of her accumulated heat?

Not even she knows.

The lasciviousness continued until the maid knocked on the door. And it resumed again this evening.

The husband, who is fucking his dog-eared, dog-tailed niece (imaginary), is completely unaware of it.

The woman's body is on fire to the point that she cannot comfort herself anymore.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Thank you very much, Desmond-sama. You not only helped us with the device, but you also treated Monica and even seeded her. Here, Monica, you should thank him properly."

Two nights passed since my visit to the Moiré village.

I was being escorted off by the villagers before my return to Aldora where my beloved wife Charlotte was waiting for me.

The sky was blue and clear, and because of clear weather, the fences that bandits had broken yesterday were quickly restored to their original state.

The bandits had shrunk like a deflated balloon. I heard that Katherine, after recovering from her gaping anus, had put the 【seal】 handcuffs on them just in case and charged it with magic power. The same went for the mage. Later that evening I also went to recharged it.

--However, he shouted and whined that he was some sort of high-born nobility. He seemed to know my name but I don't know him at all! sorry!...... but if he is really a noble, then his house might cause problem to us later on....... what should I do.......

And...

Had she not been here for the visit, the process probably would have been a lot more time-consuming.

///

She is an over-qualified official who takes care of all the internal affairs of my territory, reducing my job to a mere signer. Before I knew it, she had come to visit Moiré village.

I was shocked when I wake up and her face was right in front of me.

--She is a beautiful woman.

She kept her silver lock tied and hanging down on both sides, the length of it was just past her chin. She has a beautiful face but has a stern aspect to it. Provided that she has steely eyes, with a monocle on her right eye and now are glaring down at me

"Haaa......." a long gasp escaped my lips, and I knew that a bit of my soul must have escaped along with it. Perhaps I was waking up in the middle of a nightmare. Or, if this was real, a nightmare would be much better, my chicken heart would stop beating again at the sight of her face.

As I held back that reaction. I got up in the late afternoon. And as soon as I did.

" Ok [1], You're up. The official duties do not include falling ill. Should you wish to, you must first notify me in writing. After strict screening and scheduling, I will ensure that you get proper rest, please take care of yourself and recover before you fall ill. If necessary, I will have them fetch first-class foods with nourishing and strengthening effects. As a lord, it is inexcusable to fall ill. Alright ?"

"A, Alright......"--I mean, I'm just getting up after a long night, how merciless...... Moreover, instead of letting me work, she took away my regular job and gave me everything I needed. This is why I'll never be able to explain why I wake up late.

" Okay " she nodded.

"So, Katherine, would you please continue to take care of our lord? I will be taking them and returning to Aldora first."

Liz was in her Parliamentary official uniform, consisting of white. It was prestigious and not overly flamboyant but the fine details showed the high standing of the wearer. Her build was small. To be honest, I think the word "Tiny" would be more appropriate, but there was no way I can say that.

Also, She was wearing short pants which gives the impression of being a small girl. but if you were to walk up to her, you would be confronted by a pair of tight, piercingly sharp eyes, which is not good for the heart. As for the size of her boobs, one can only guess.

"Got it."

Katherine, in her impeccable maid's outfit with a white brim on her head and the same expressionless face as usual - I can't believe this is the same woman who was gasping and moaning while her ass getting thoroughly fucked by me.... --She made a magnificent bow. Gracefully.

Her white brim was proudly displayed and together with her upswept reddish hair it looked like a crown.

--How can a maid wear a crown? I thought...

"What? Are you leaving already? Then why are you here......?"

"Perhaps you're worried about me?....Hii!"

With a sleep-filled mind, I spoke without thinking----fully wake up or not, my head is forced to wake up when I see the face of my natural enemy.

*Glare*

Her steely eyes glared at me.

"I only wondered if I was going to lose my job or not. Even though you are my lord, I will advise you not to have the wrong impression of me. ok? "

"O...Ok......"

" Ok "

How impolite of her, to confront her lord and superior like this....

"He not only deal with the bandits I reported to you, but also with the noble mage." and this too can be said about this capable maid -- I can't believe this is the same woman who was gasping and moan...(same sentence from above)

Katherine said in a frank and straightforward fashion, "I have gathered information about last night's events from the villagers, summarized them, and reported them to Randolph-sama and Parliamentary Officer Liz by means of the 【Call】 charm. And regarding the master's well-being, I was told that he used a great deal of his magic power to cure the curse on the village girl who get inflicted with【madness】and was sleeping from exhaustion. By the way, I have not reported this to The madam because she would have probably rushed over. Did I make any flaws in my judgment?"

"No, that's perfect , Katherine."

"My pleasure, Miss."

She bowed. Gracefully.

--Unh, so perfect. If The lord's wife had rushed here worrying about her husband who had collapsed after treating his niece (imaginary) from her rutting, I would have died a million times from the guilt alone. And from the way she was talking, I assume she didn't tell that I made Monica grow dog ears and tail.

Double perfect!

"So, What about this Monica?"

"She is still sleeping in the other room. All the mess from the procedure has been taken care of."

"Thank you." - Tripple Perfect! But having more than one perfect is a bit contradictory.

"You don't need to waste your kind words for me, master."

She bowed her head and her white brim fluttered. I have a feeling she is an expert at this.

--Hm?

I turned my attention to Liz, who was working on something. Because of her small frame, her movements were like a little child doing her best to organize things and it made me smile. If only her eyes weren't staring at me! If only that mouth stays shut!

"Parliamentary official Liz has been working in this room since she arrived here just before noon until master woke up. She is a very busy lady."

So, she even brought her regular work with her to take care of this additional problem in the village. Sorry............. In contrast to her working extra hard, I have been sleeping extra long because I was tired after having sex with a girl.......

"Well.......my apologies... If you have any documents that need my signature, give them to me. I will sign them immediately."

*Glare*

She then glared at me again with those steely eyes.

Hey, I'm your boss and your lord, if you glare at me like that you might be in big trouble you know?

--Actually I've never been stared at in the past. What is this guy talking about you ask? There have been many, many times when I received a cold-hearted stare on the job - but never a real, hard-on stare like this. But that's just because she has bad eyesight and is thinking a lot, which makes her look like she's glaring at people.

And because of this, even outstanding young women like herself had trouble getting along at work - a subordinate who kept glaring at her boss was kind of scary after all - The noble society was male-dominated, and as a Parliamentary official, she had to deal with many "womanly" accusations along with her colleagues. But Liz fights it head-on. And this is why many talented people, who have failed to adapt to the aristocratic society ended up in this territory.

Sometimes this makes me feel ashamed of myself because of their talent, but if this territory is enriched in return for my embarrassment, I am glad for it. The defense equipment and magic tools in this village are only possible with their help.

And the overly talented Parliamentary official, who will bites even her superiors mercilessly when it comes to her work - Even more, she comes from a noble family, and by nature of that- she has a commanding tone in her and it becomes even more blunt when she thinks she is right, and she makes no attempt to backing down at all.

No wonder she got fired. I hired her because she's good. --but.

"Don't get the wrong idea."

--Oh, it's rare to find a woman who fits that phrase as well as she does! I'm tempted to misjudge her just to hear that line over and over again, but I won't because I'm afraid.

"I have come only to do my business, and not to check on my lord, The bandits, whether they have nobles in their ranks or not, will be handled in the same way as usual.

If I may ask, do I need to add 'keeping tap of my lord health' on my work list?"

*Glare*

"And why is this happening if Katherine was with you? Please don't let this happen again."

Her eyes are now seriously glaring at-

--Katherine.

Her eye is on fire! And this seemed serious, unlike the one from earlier.......

"I am terribly sorry."

The first-class maid bowed deeply. Even the white brim seemed somewhat crestfallen.

"Wait, Liz. You can't blame Katherine for this. It's because I--"

Because I've worn her out. I can't say that I've been banging her ass and cumming deep inside her bowels.

Everything after that was also my own fault. --But I can't say that either.

".............I was so worried about Monica that I accidentally used the wrong amount of magic power. You know that I am not good about this, right Liz?"

"I know."

Do you know how hurt it was to get a quick answer right this?

"That's why you have us. Isn't that right, Katherine?"

"Yes, I will be very careful to ensure that this does not happen again."

"It's good that you understand, but please show me the results next time."

"Yes, miss."

-I knew it, this woman is relentless.......

Although I'm happy with what she says she's too serious or...... inflexible....... Her physique is so small that it could be described as "tiny" the pressure of those eyes is enormous.

However, the irritated first-class maid said.

"I am very sorry that I have caused the busy Parliamentary official Liz to be so concerned that she has to unwillingly travel here and has forgotten to reprimand me until now."

Politely, gracefully.

"I am ashamed of my own imprudence in causing you to travel here with so much paperwork, even though you could have handled it in Aldora as usual, regardless of whether there were nobles in the mix.

I've told miss Liz that the master's condition was due to a lack of magic power and that I would nurse him closely while he slept. But I was originally his wife's maid, This has caused more concern for her, and I can't make excuses for it.

Nevertheless, Even if I know you will not believe me, I insist that I care for Master, no less than Parliamentary official Liz does. I am now willing to protect Master even at the cost of my own body."

"That is a given. It's hard to doubt you when Randolph has sent you out on his behalf. -And then, please remember that I am concerned about my own work, which is never, ever about my lord."

"Let's just leave it at that."

"............"

"............"

Um........please stop staring at each other across my bed.

--Katherine, not that I mind, but do you happen to have something against Liz?

A cool, almost expressionless beauty, a first-class maid. and an overly competent official with a beautiful but steely eye. I don't think it's just because I'm a scared chicken but I think room temperature seems to be a couple of degrees.

"......Liz, thanks for rushing here............ Katherine, too, for the inconvenience. I'm fine, I can move on now."

You can recover from a loss of magic power with a good night's sleep.

Speaking of which, as usual

"Ho-ho, -- interesting."

The grandpa said as usual, and the Maid added.

"You're too kind." she said, bowing her head.

" Roger . Well then, take care of yourself my lord, I don't want to lose my work just yet."

"Yeah, I know. Liz is a workaholic, after all."

Speaking of which.

*Glare*

--I feel like I'm being stared at seriously even more.

"My lord, please study more and take care of yourself."

"Oh, oh......"

"With all due respect, I agree with that."

Eh? Even Katherine?

But Katherine's narrow eyes are also looking at Liz. She's still as cold as ever, huh? Then Liz turns to me.

"Have a nice day, my lord. I will be waiting for your return to Aldora. If you should fall ill again, please be prepared that I will personally take care of your health this time."

-Un, I need to be prepared for such a condition.

"The necessary signing will be done after you return. Ok ?"

"O-Ok"

Although her eyes were as if she was always glaring at me, her courtesy was formal and elegant, as a proud Parliamentary official of our territory. Even as she spoke, she kept her hands busy and finished off the large amount of paperwork, and then she was gone.

The crazed bandit and the noble mage were all packed into the transport wagon that was under the control of our house - that came later. They were taken to Dona and imprisoned after extensive interrogation.

If the interrogator is Grandpa Randolph and the Parliamentary official is the one who picks up the necessary information, I cannot help but feel pity for him, even though he is a bandit.

I don't feel any shame in not taking action myself, but as a lord, I have to make sure that my actions are strictly enforced, and I won't tolerate people who touch my people.

And so...

"Monica is sleeping in the other room?"

"Yes."

Katherine nodded.

It was not good if Katherine slept in the lord's bedroom while the lord slept in the guest room with village girl.

So now I'm sleeping in the lord's bedroom and Monica is in the guest room.

"I'll go check on her."

"Yes, but......." she said, a little hesitantly.

"Yes?"

"--Master, when we are alone, I wish to speak to you the same way when we're in bed last night."

Katherine!

"Okay." I nodded pleasantly with a dazed look on my face, "I'll get going then."

"Yes, I'll see you later, Master."

I was unexpectedly struck by her faint smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What's the matter, Monica? You've been awfully quiet today."

It was a beautiful sunny day, the villagers had come to see us off as I was about to get into the carriage.

Normally, she would have said.

"Thank you very much, Des-sama! Please come again, we'll be waiting for you!"

She was supposed to send me off with such energy and enthusiasm.

"Well, Desmond-sama did impregnated her, right? I should thank you. I heard that yesterday Desmond-sama seeded her so much that neither you nor she can get up....... I didn't realize that breeding and have such a side effect. I guess Desmond-sama's seed was that powerful. We couldn't even hold a proper wedding yesterday. Ha ha ha."

Father-in-law, please stop.

"Oh, ahhh ......." Monica blushed.

The usually cheerful and innocent girl squeezed the hem of her dress, tears welling up in the corners of her wet eyes. You're making this uncle so aroused you know? She even glances up at me with those puppy eyes!

I picked up a puppy and impregnated her, can I keep it?

--There was also a big discovery yesterday!

After Monica calmed down from our sex, it turned out she can make those dog ears and tail disappear and reappear at her will.

"Don't tell anyone in the village."

Katherine was the one who took care of the aftermath of the incident after I had taken Monica to her place.

She told the villagers that Monica's condition was due to something the mage had done before he fainted, and that it was an urgent matter and required special treatment. In other words, she needed to get a lot of 'injection'!

This is a common trick to explain nonsense to the clueless, but I can't help but admire her for being able to come up with such an explanation in this world without eroticism. Truly a first-rate maid and a potential first-rate anal masochist maid! But the truth is, it's all my fault for being an oaf.......

Well, as a reward, I'll let her suck and swallow as much cum as she wants, I'll also play thrust-thrust hah-hah with her asshole on our way back. Ah---It's a privilege to have a carriage.

It's only natural that he was curious about what I've done to his daughter. Not only is it inconceivable, but such a concept does not even exist in this world without sexual desire. Just use lotion, insert, ejaculate, insert, ejaculate. For them, it was just a cure and for the girl, it was the mating press she yearned for.

I saved her and impregnated her.

As expected of Desmond-sama, he can ejaculate so many times! Something that none of us can't do! how admirable!

Everyone was impressed and grateful, there was no one to criticize or condemn me. The only people who knew what was going on were me, Katherine, and Monica. A perfect sex crime had been accomplished.

But we had an consensual agreement of course (It getting more and more like a real criminal) And Monica--

"D-Des-sama..."

Monica walked up to me, still bright red and panting.

"T-T-Thank you...f-for....pouring....y-your seed......awawawa"

*puff* *puff*

The heat is so intense that someone might invent a steam engine just from seeing her. And someone else might see this as a robot that's on the verge of exploding from overheating.

--Oh no!

*Grab!*

I grab Monica's shoulder.

"Hofaaaaaaaah!"

As I squeeze her, she cried out like one of those squeaky toy.

I softly nudged Monica toward the carriage.

"I'm sorry, may I borrow Monica for a moment?"

"Huh?

"Yes, sure, but .......Monica, are you alright?"

The father-in-law looks at his daughter in surprise when she screams out.

--sorry, it's all my fault.

And also...

"Master, you are quite a sinful man."

Katherine followed suit.

／

"Um, Monica, can you calm down?"

"Ooo, I can't--...there's no way I can calm down! Moooo!"

And she turns into a cow while she's in a carriage? how?

By the way, I put 【soundproofing】 on this carriage as soon as we entered. No one can hear us from outside, and since the windows are shut, they can''t see inside either.

--Gufufu.

I am tempted to make the carriage creak and squeak......No, no, I can't do that. There are villagers outside, even my mother-in-law and father-in-law.

Once she was brought into the carriage, she crouched down like a house cat and sat down next to me.

Monica.

She is the daughter of the village chief, a lovely girl who has looked up to me since she was a child. She has a cheerful, tanned face with a sunny smile and a pair of twinkly eyes. Her flaxen hair was cut short and her tits were still in the process of growing. I learned that her nipples were slightly on the large side, and that the bush between her legs was still light.

"Uuuuu...... Des-sama is looking at me with those nasty eyes again......."

--Ugh, shit.

I almost look away.

However, I was hesitant to leave Monica in this state. After all, we couldn't talk much yesterday.

Yesterday after Liz left, had I waited next to Monica's bed for her to wake up, I would have been able to talk to her more.

///

"Oh, you're awake, Monica."

".................. (unfocused) ................... (gradually came to her sense) ............ Huh? Ah.......a...... u...... (her face is turning redder and redder as she looks at me) ."

I quickly put 【soundproofing】 on.

I had already been trained to noticed such a pattern by my righteous wife.

"Hwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa~~~~~~!!!"

I held her in my arms as she let out that howling cry until she calmed down.

As I cuddled her, I told her not to tell anyone about last night, that I was sorry for being so intense, and then I asked her if that part of her was hurt or not, and whether she can hide her ear and tail.

She hugged me.

She made strange noises like "fuhyaa" and "wahhh", but I was somewhat at ease that she seemed to understand what I was talking - after that, she went home with surprisingly steady steps! and in the end, the (formal) wedding ceremony with the guardian deity did not take place (that will be done at a later apparently, since there was no need for me to attend). And when I visited the village chief's house, she didn't come out to meet me.

--Well, I was well aware that this was far from the best scenerio, but ......

Thank goodness things turned out like this yesterday. She was also the daughter of the village chief, the woman I had the privilege to impregnate (although it is not proper for me to put it this way) - and also a devoted girl.

///

"Sorry."

I apologized.

"I couldn't help but look at Monica because you are so attractive." I said, hugging her shoulder.

"Wait, Des-sama, you don't have to......"

She stiffened up, but instead of being disgusted, she even seemed inclined to grind against me.

I rubbed her shoulder.

"Ugh, nn......." she blushed, nevertheless, I felt our affection rising as she accepted my touch.

The sweet scented of young maiden's hair.

The shoulders of a slender girl. She was only fifteen. In this world, it is a normal age to get married, - I had impregnated girls of her age before, but this was the first girl of her age I had ever had sex with since I had regained my memory of my previous life, and if I'm not mistaken, I had more intense sex with her than with Charlotte.

The thought of knowing that my child is already in her womb makes this uncle horny beyond belief!

--But I didn't have time for that.

"Monica, is your body okay? I'm sorry, I was too aggressive with you. I hope you didn't hate me because of it."

"Yes, it's fine, and I'm rather glad that Des-sama gives his all...............ugh............. so embarrassing......."

I can eat three bowls of rice with that face as a side dish.

--No..

"And I...I am such a bad girl....I...Uuu...."

Monica hides her face and mopes around. --Aaah, I am so sorry that I cannot 'play' with you here. But....

I'm glad..

I think.

Monica is such a loyal girl that she came to see me off, no matter how embarrassed she was. And she is such an honest girl too. I want to thank her parents for raising her to become such a good daughter, and that she is too good to be a bride for such a man. --And I also need to apologize.

But now that she likes me and I own her, I have no choice but to push on.

I pulled her shoulders into a tight hug.

"Des...sama ......?"

I look into her face, unable to resist the sound of her confused voice. I spoke with this blonde hair, blue eyes, and sweet nobleman smile.

"I'm fine even if Monica is a bad girl, that's how much I want you."

"Fuhyaaaa!" I grab her as hard as I can as she tries to run away.

Whoa, she's strong. 【physical enhancement】

I caught her firmly and she didn't move.

"Yaah .......so powerful ......♡"

Her eyes began to droop. Then I pulled her face close to mine.

"I want to tell you. Monica, I love you."

*chu*

And.

A light kiss.

--Oh, it's so soft and delicious.

"Haaah, ahhhhh........"

Her face turned bright red, her body relaxed and she began to surrender herself to me.

"Monica, being my bride meant you are different from the women who just sought my seed on the mere first-night rights. What I've done to other women was use lube, insert, ejaculate and that's it. But you, as one of my most precious women, so I gave you a taste of sexual pleasure--"

I put my lips to her ear. In doing so, the distance between us becomes such that she has

"I'm not going to stop with just last night. I will continue to have you. But how I have you is still a secret from everyone. Okay?"

"Y-yes........b-but ......."

"You don't like it? Are you so embarrassed that you don't want to do it anymore?"

Then she softly put her arms around my back. The girl's body heat sinks into me.

"No, I don't .....I want to d-do it.....are you really...."

"Yes, of course." I hugged her back as strongly as she hugged me. "Let's do it again. Besides - I'm sure the villagers will do well, but if there's anything you need, you can always come to me and ask me. Because my baby is already in your womb."

"Huh, a......."

I kissed her and sealed her lips tightly as she let out a series of hot breaths.

"Nn, nn, nn-uh .......chup, chup, ero .......chu, chupo ......."

Our tongues entwine, and we swallow each other saliva.

"Hahhhh ......"

Our lips parted, forming a somewhat sad silver bridge made from our saliva.

"I'll see you later, okay? Take care of yourself, Monica."

I patted her belly.

I stroked the area below it.

"...... Yes." Her cheeks are still red, but I could already see the strength in her eyes, her desire to protect her child.

We nuzzled and kissed each other once more, and finally, we got out of the carriage, holding hands.

"Monica seems to have calmed down. but please monitor her during this time."

"Of course."

"Because she's Desmond-sama's bride and she's going to have your baby after all!"

"But if it's really Desmond-sama's child, I think it will be born safe and sound no matter what happens."

"That's different!"

--Gehahahahahaha!

The villagers of Moiré village all laugh with a vulgar, yet friendly laugh. The men are all tanned, muscular, and bulky. The women are beautiful and toned with athletic bodies.

I have to admit, I'm not a fan of the gymnastic or the battle-junky gangly types, but they sure are nice to look at.

I like them.

Although it was only three days and two nights, it was so intense that I felt as if I had spent several weeks there. I will see them again.

I get into the carriage with Katherine, The lord's wife's maid, and we start to ride toward Aldora, where my wife is waiting for me.

Thinking of the warmth and touch of the young girl who is like a niece to me, who's also pregnant with my child, I--

"Master ......"

--Well, like they say, the journey is not over until you reach home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This spoiled maid, she was all over me as soon as I was done with Monica.

"Master......"

*Grinding*

She rubbed against me in the shaking carriage. She put her weight on me and stroked my arms.

--Aaah, she really is a naughty maid.

It seems the return trip back home is also an affair trip. I held her shoulder as she grinded against me.

I stroked her over her maid's uniform.

"Has Katherine been in heat too? I didn't put any 【recovery】 on you, did I?"

"Nn.......Master can drive me crazy just being around me....... my body was on fire after Master violated my unclean hole since the day before yesterday, and last night I was not able to embrace you in consideration of your health.......... And when we return to the house, it will be The Madam's turns."

Her sweet scent reached my nose. She put her head on my shoulder. I couldn't help but notice the folds of her white brim above her up-done reddish hair.

"I know very well that it is Madam that Master loves, but now......."

Ho, ho~.

Once I return to the mansion, I will have my legitimate wife.Her master love belongs to The lord's wife.

--The level of affair was higher than before.

Now that we are connected, even if it is only in the butt hole, is the distance between us getting closer?

I found myself getting a bit excited by this maid's lascivious awakening.

"Master was also in heat."

*rub*

Her fingers stroked my thigh. There was no way for me to hide my tent when she reached for the center of it.

Her supple fingers wiggle against my thigh in time with the rhythm of the carriage.

"That's natural. When an attractive woman like you smothers me...."

I gave her shoulder another squeeze.

"Thank you for your kind words."

She was cold, almost expressionless beauty with an almost impassive face that I would have previously been scared to look at. but - this almost expressionless now has a faint blush on her cheeks.

And she thrust out her lips as if begging...

"Nn.......chup, chup......."

"Katherine, stick out your tongue."

"Yesh, chertain..ly........ng, hmmm........"

And then in return, I also stick my tongue out.

and she sucked on it, smooching and sucking.

Our lips met, our tongues entwined, and we exchanged a plentiful amount of saliva. An illicit muddle dripped from our lips onto each other's chins.

With each jolt of the carriage, our lips pressed tightly and our teeth brushed lightly against each other.

Katherine started stroking my shaft. The hardening bulge showed that needy hands were too irresistible.

I stroked the small buds over her maid's uniform too. The size of this mature woman's bulge was an irresistible spice that heightened my sense of debauchery.

"Hmmm, hmmm......."

-- Gu fu fu,

Good, good.

"Katherine."

I told her what I had in mind. Then, without hesitation, she acts.

"-- Fu fu"

I let out another delighted gasp from my lips. In her maid's outfit, she put her hands on the seat and raised her ample hips high in the air.

Her skirt swayed as the carriage swayed, enticing and inviting any man.

"Nggh......."

"You have a nice ass."

*rub* *rub*

"You shouldn't waste your compliment words on me...."

Then I stroke her hips over her skirt.

*twitch, twitch*

The shaking is nice, quite different from the carriage.

I rub the maid's cushion with both hands.

--Yes, this is how inside a lord's carriage should be.

"Nnghhhh, nn......." her hips undulate, silently beg for more stimulation.

"Katherine is already feeling it? I've only just started touching you? Oh. You've probably been in heat this whole time. And you're also getting a lot more sensitive."

--I love it.

"Ahhh!"

I pushed the maid's hold with the finger that had been tracing the crack. The tingling through the cloth is like an invitation to go deeper.

"Katherine, roll up your skirt."

"Certainly, Master......."

With that, the classic maid's uniform is rolled up. Underneath, the maid's legs are wrapped in white socks and black panties. The holy area between them was divided vertically by a garter belt.

As always, a perfect execution. This is the proof that she is a first-class maid.

I invade the white holy area with my hands.

Smooth, slippery, and soft.

Silky to the touch, the elasticity of the woman's flesh is wonderful, as it pushes back when I press into it. I insert my fingers under the garter belt and move them upward, and I lose my patience.

"Katherine, Can you to put your legs up on the couch so that you can straddle my lap and get up a bit?"

"Yes, excuse me.......nn......."

While I was listening to the maid's consent, the Master did not stop moving his fingers.

Her plump hips approach my face.

"That's the best view I've ever seen."

"Y-you don't have to... um, ah..."

"I love the elasticity of this ass. And it looks wet over here, doesn't it?"

"Oh, ahhh......."

The master rubbed the white buttocks of the maid in black panties and spread them out. The maid's love juice slowly oozed out, making a lewd dark spot appear on her black panties.

"You're very tactful, Katherine. You are a first-rate maid. I can't believe you're offering your Master a beverage in the carriage. Now, will you let me have a drink?"

"Yes, excuse me, Master......."

"Mmm, alright then. Oops♡♡♡"

As the carriage shook, the maid's ass pressed against my face and provided me the ultimate luxurious airbags. This is the essential safety equipment for the lord's carriage. Inhaling the fragrance, I feel the steamy fragrance of sweat. The sweet and acidic scent of female flowers fills the nostrils and makes me feel as if I were in the middle of a glass of wine. The maid's buttocks soothe the anxiety of the journey and absorb the shock of any sudden accident.

However, it does not absorb the impact of pleasure.

"Chuu, chuu...... sips......"

I received love juice from the black panties while being pushed and rubbed by the white ass meat.

--Yes, yes, maid juice, delicious.

I ran my fingers like eagle claws over her voluptuous hips and ran my tongue over the source of the sticky nectar. I enjoyed the smell, the feel, I sucked and sucked at her vagina through the cloth. I clucked and teased her with my tongue, demanding more.

"Haa, nn, uh....hmm..."

The rhythm of the rocking carriage's and the panting of a lustful woman provided an BGM for the adulterous trip suitable for the lord of the house.

Umm, you're doing a great job.

And I believe that the secret of a good lord is to repay a good service with a reward.

I put my fingers on the black panties and exposed the hidden buttocks. I was so excited to see her garter belt, I didn't even think about taking it off. The garter belt and white socks remained in place even though the panties had been removed, leaving the panties on her thighs.

A lewd thread was drawn on the woman's skin and the panties.

The aroma of the woman's fragrance flooded out.

"looks delicious."

"P-Please enjoy."

The innocent, milky-pink slit twitched. The pussy flesh looks so voluptuous that it is like a fresh fruit.

Well then, I'm going to have it raw!

"Hamu, sips, sips, sips......"

"Hhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh!"

Licking all over the lewd slit, I feel the woman's heat. The stickiness, the warmth, the wetness, the sourness, the taste, it keeps flowing and gushing, it stains my mouth and pleases me. I can't stop my tongue and lips from tasting the maid's nectar. Fingers rubbed wildly on her twin rump meat, fingers sliding up and down her thighs, and I pressed the meat button with for a refill.

"Ah, ahhhhh! Master, Master ahhhh!"

Pricking her clit, I licked the masochistic maid's favorite hole, rubbing my saliva on its wrinkled folds.

"No, don't! Nngh, hah, I haven't use 【Clean】 yet.......nnn--, nngh......."

"Yes, I can taste Katherine's bitterness. Smooch."

"No, you can't!....Nhhhhh! Please forgive me! Master's mouth is dirty now....aaah"

Katherine shook her big ass as Master licked her anus. Without a care in the world, I swirled my tongue around. Despite some resistance, it seems that after my fuck battle with the rutting Monica, I've grown a spine or two. I can't help but feel that I've grown up in ways that I shouldn't have.......

"I wouldn't mind getting dirty with Katherine, you know? Chup, chup....... Eru......."

"Oh, no......fu.......Master's tongue is crawling inside me..... nnn......"

Katherine doesn't resist.

I loosened both the maid's front and back holes with plenty of saliva smeared all over them.

"Ha, ah......,Master.......you shouldn't......."

"Even Katherine used to be quiet, you know. Furthermore, you are pushing your butt so hard that it crushes your Master's face. Don't you think that's rude? You shameless bitch."

I rubbed and patted her ass.

"Oh, please forgive me.......I'm ready to accept your punishment......."

"Like this?"

*Slap!*

I slapped her big ass.

"Ahhhhhh!"

Pssshhhh, honey spurts out of her hole, feeding it directly on her Master's face.

---good meal~, thanks!

I can't help but have a disgusting smile stuck to my mouth "This is not a punishment but a reward for you, is it not? Well then, as a punishment, you're going to have to apply the 【clean】 yourself. Wherever you think it's needed, okay? Because it would be a reward if I do it."

"Yes...... ah............."

Then, to my surprise, this anal-loving masochistic maid thrust her own slender finger into her asshole and.

"【clean】. -- ah, ha, aaaah......."

A torrent of juice overflowed from her twitching labia.

What a wonderful maid! As a reward, I gave her another smack on the ass, and she arched her back with a cry of delight.

Then Katherine generously cleansed my tongue with her own, and she also use 【clean】 on my mouth, and with a practiced hand, she pulled down Master's pants and sucked on them generously.

"Nnn, nn..."

With that white throat moving up and down, milking me, I let her swallow the first three shots.

I also let her learn to open her mouth so that I could see whatever her Master had ejaculated in her mouth. My dick was soaked with the maid's saliva, including my balls and even my anus. She moistened Master's flower buds not as an act of revenge, but as exquisite service.

Then, she straddled on top of the towering pillar of flesh and drove it into her own rear....

*squish*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ah, anh! Master's...Master's thing is swelling in my rectum...Ooh, oooh........my anus is being stretched.......hmmm........into Master's shape........ Ahh. ahhhhh........."

The carriage filled with a lusty voice, befitting of an affair trip.

Slam, thump!

"Aku, fa, nuuuuuu..."

I give one order to Katherine.

"Don't move your hips Katherine. Or is this slutty maid taking pleasure over her Master's commands?"

"Such a thing.......never.......hah..............please forgive me, Master....... Oh.... Nnghhhh, nnghhh......."

Her sphincter muscles, which had been impaled with meat shaft clamped down on me, the stimulation which was so intense to the point that it was eating away at me made me want to buck my hips.

But this is not what I'm interested in this time.

--Well, maybe not exactly. This is where we remain still and let the vibrations of the carriage continue to pleasure us, feeling each other's bodies without engaging ourselves.

Our private parts are hidden from view by the skirt of the maid's uniform. No way, was the length of the skirt of the maid's outfit designed for this purpose? I thought irreverently, which could get me beaten to a pulp if I asked this to a person in charge of the prestige and the tradition.

But why is the secret under the maid's uniform so sexy?

A lecherous maid straddling her master's lap. Normally, Katherine is cold, beautiful, almost expressionless - and has been exclusive to the lord's wife since she was a little girl. But now she is tightly pressed against the master as she is penetrated up all the way to the bottom of her butt hole.

Even without moving, the rumbling and the vibrations of the carriage give her an irresistible sense of pure sensuality.

The maid is unable to close her lips, huffing and puffing, her eyes repeatedly begging for the Master's attention. Her eyebrows were slightly drawn together in a 八 figure.

"Mmmmm.......Master's penis is getting bigger again.............."

"How could it not swell? Katherine looks so nasty right now. So lewd......"

I lick her cheek.

"Hah...un.....Master......♡"

She stuck her tongue and licked my cheek in return. We exchanged tongues and saliva, while I enjoyed the aroma of her getting more raunchy. I ran my tongue along her neck, sucked on her, listening to her gasping voice, and then began to remove her maid's uniform while leaving a hickey on her.

The maid's clothes fell off, and her small but precious creamy white tits appeared.......

--bloop.

"Nuh.......ah, ah....... Master's touch is so vexing......."

"You don't like it?"

"No, I would like to keep stick together like this."

I look up at the woman's lips, her sweet breath escaping from them. I saw the flaming pink of her lust flicker.

"Katherine!"

"Aaah, Master.......♡"

Chup, chup, chup......

The sound of lewd water flooded inside the rumbling carriage, and the moans of the mesmerizing woman almost swept all of my rationality away.

"Ahh, ugh......."

"Katherine, don't rock your hips. You can hold on to me but you have to hold back. That will make you feel so much better when you come Chup, chup......"

Katherine was holding and scratching the back of my head while I'm sucking on her nipple, her hips squirming. Her lovely pink nipples now erected, and I poked them with the tip of my tongue, twirled my tongue around them.

"Chup, chup, chup." I sucked. I also pinch the opposite nipple with my fingers and pull it.

"Haaah....ah, ahhh...Master....... forgive me, uuu, please let me move. My whole body is on fire......and, my, my asshole is aching.......mmmmmm, Master, Master ah........forgive me.........♡"

Even though it was the rear hole I was plunging into, the muscles of the sphincter began to squeeze and squeeze, wriggling in a way that was rather luscious.

--Oh, this is good.......

But.

"Katherine wants to get plenty of love before we go back to the mansion, right? If so, hold off for now. A woman's pleasure is different from a man's in that it gradually increases in intensity, as opposed to a man's in that it just went in a flash. That is why it is said that once women get hot, it is hard for them to cool down."

A man's libido is like fire--it rises and is extinguished with a single swoop. I'm always fueled by magic, so that's good - but a woman's arousal is like water, they say.

The longer it simmers, the more tender it gets, and the longer it will stay.

"Master, are you trying to break me......?"

"I'm not going to break you. If I were to break you, I wouldn't be able to have you again." I licked her small, white breasts, stroked her back, and squeezed her ample ass as she engulfed my cock in hers.

Her voice overflowed with debauchery and the tightness became tighter.

"I'm not done with you yet, Katherine. I'm going to make you drown in me even more."

At the mention of it, her arms tightened around me, clinging to me tightly.

"Yes, thank you very much."

The sound of her voice in my ear was filled with a hint of sickening ecstasy.

"But, I'm already..."

--I am being drowned and made crazy by Master.

"I yearn for you, Master. I wish to be embraced by Master when we return to the mansion, even if it's only for a moment. I'm so happy...... to have you swell up in my bowels......."

I hugged her back tightly.

Katherine hugged me back.

Even though I have a legitimate wife and love her the most, my heart overflows with love for this maid.

We were guided by the bouncing carriage, we continued to stroke each other except for our genitals, not moving our hips, letting the vibrations guide us.

Then.

"Katherine, I'm going to cum, alright?"

"-♡--♡n♡♡"

Eventually, Katherine slowly elevated, and when I saw that she was not going to come down from there, I shot my load there, throbbing as I touched her wall, Once I ejaculated so much that I thought I would fill her anal cavity, I felt the refreshing sensation in my testicles.

Katherine no longer screamed but was simply lost in debauchery, clinging to me tightly as she received the ejaculate in her ass. And she kept taking it in. Her cheeks sweaty, and she was breathing heavily. The scent of her lewdness was radiating from her.

-Ah, it was too much to resist.

Once I pulled my manhood out of her body with a slurp, she use her mouth to clean me up, even though she was still wobbly.

She is a first-class maid, after all.

As a reward, I made her swallow some fresh seed, and lend her the Master's lap.

We are already close to Aldora.

With my clothes in place and 【clean】 applied - Katherine looked disappointed - I stroked the reddish hair of the maid on my lap who had done so much, and occasionally played with her tits. I returned safely from my three-day, two-night affair trip - or official business.

But...

The trip, which lasted three days and two nights, ended up being an adulterous trip, including the aftermath, before and after we returned home.

And my "chicken sense" was informing me of the strange feeling.

／

"Welcome back, Desmond-sama. How were your official duties after the incident?"

"I'm back. Everything's been fine since then. No problems after you brought him back here?

"No problem. Everything has been dealt with."

We arrived at our mansion at sunset.

When I got out of the carriage, I was greeted by a voice that sounded like austere, matured scotch.

Who could it be but Randolph Steiner, our scary chief butler?

He is the old man who has been asked by my father to keep an eye on me, with stroked romance gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and a mustache. From the outside, he looks like a kind grandfather who is happy to see his grandchildren return home.

--Well, that's from the outside!

It is true that he has been my father's servant since I was a child, so I could have seen him as my grandfather.......

"Everything is in good order."

I don't know what he did to the bandits and the mages - and I don't want to know.

He must have obtained information in eventuality, on top of all the other things that I can't describe. I let him do as he please as I had given up on it already. He reports to me properly. Still, I don't know how much of it has been disclosed.

For the time being, nothing "objectively" negative has happened to me so far. As far as I'm concerned.

"Grandpa, please don't do this! I don't want that! I know what you're doing for me, but I've had enough, I'm not going to crawl in there anymore......."

He is always ready to help.

Even when we were improving the soil in Aldora, I wondered how to incorporate magic into the land. --And when I asked him.

"Then let's go hunt some beasts. We can use it as fertilizer, right?"

"Uh, yes......."

"Let's go, Desmond-sama. You may not be able to kill a man, but you can kill a demonic beast that threatens this land."

It's too much of a cop-out for a conversation between a grandfather (imaginary) and his grandson.

If I politely and stubbornly declined it, he will, as if in retaliation, lose his stopper. (Although I doubt whether I could play the role of a stopper) and the rank of that magical beast which I think I've seen a glimpse of in an illustrated book........was something like.......

Alright, let's pretend I never saw it!

Although I didn't think there were such demonic beasts in this territory, I might need to remember that if I wanted to protect the people of the territory.

"Let's just say that it was you who hunted down the mighty ones. Sir"

".................."

This territory could have been made peaceful by his hand.

It was too scary that this old man was trying to invite his precious lord to such a hunt (perhaps it was better to call it a massacre).

He was dressed in a tailcoat-like butler's uniform, and although he was a butler, he had the appearance of a master.

And.

"I am glad to hear that you have returned safely."

*Stare*

Here stands the most powerful Parliamentary official of the domain, glaring at her lord, who has returned home safely. --No, it was just that the sharpness of those eyes was too strong, she was not actually glaring at the lord.

She has a beautiful face. Her silver hair hung down on either side of her head. Although she is 24 years old, her physique is "small" and although she is dressed in a formal government uniform with white as its base color, she looks almost like a child in those short pants............but But if you look at her eyes, she is indeed an adult woman.

There's no way I can look at her tits. Then, then she said.

"Is something wrong, Katherine? Do you have a cold? If it's a cold, this is a serious problem."

*Stare*

Her eyes were not glaring at the maid standing next to me, she just keep looking without saying anything.

--Hmmm? Are you worried about her? I mean, maybe these two are surprisingly close......?

"No, it's not a cold, but rather a lack of energy. As for the explanation, it can be said say that Master made me drunk."

*Glare*

The narrow eyes of the maid made me feel a bit nervous. Indeed, I had made her so horny with the fake Polynesian sex, I even applied a light 【Recovery】 while I was tending to her body.

As a result, the white cheeks of the first-class maid had a faint, glowing blush, and although her footing was a little shaky, she had plenty of strength.

--Katherine.......it's a good thing that no one here knows what that means right now, but......

Grandpa Randolph's gray eyes were staring at me.

I couldn't help but feel a trickle of cold sweat run down my spine.

As I recall, Grandpa was aware of it......

"You must be tired, Miss Katherine. Fortunately, The lord's wife wants to meet Desmond-sama. We will take over from here."

"Thank you for your kindness. I am deeply sorry, I have to leave it to you."

The first-class maid, who suffered from having her asshole impaled by me, decided to take a rest before her first-class looks fell off.

Some may ask that whether a first-class maid who is stripped of her act is still a first-class maid, And I am the one who makes her go crazy.

--Aaah, what a sinful man I am.

So, you see--?

Grandpa, stop looking at Katherine those curious eyes. Then there's Liz who came to greet me, but when she found out I was safe she quickly withdrew with Katherine. The other maids and butlers also quickly leave with my luggage. Even though I know that's the usual thing, don't you miss me a little? The commoners are friendlier and more attentive to me than the people in my home.......

And considering their status as nobles and commoners, it almost brings a tear to my eye.

--Well, that's okay, I have Charlotte!

That being said....

"................... Hey, Randolph."

"What is it, Desmond-sama?"

"................... Charlotte didn't come out to meet me, I take?"

I know I asked something embarrassing, but I couldn't help but ask. Even if that one is Grandpa Randolph! Because there was no one else I could ask, distance-wise.

And then Randolph said.

"--Ho-ho, Miss is waiting for you in the bedroom. You better get going."

"--I understand."

Thank goodness there was no one else around.

Because I had to work very hard to keep my cheeks from loosening up and skipping along the hallway (leaving aside the fact that I can't skip very well).

--Gufufu,

My sweet little thing, she can't wait to warm my bed. She is a perfect example of a righteous wife, isn't she?

I suppressed my excitement and quickly walks to my bedroom in a hurry as if it was an evacuation drill.

"Good luck."

So there was no way he could have heard the encouraging words of the "gray hound" who had fought many battles in his career.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

--I'm going to get killed!

That's what I really thought at that moment.

I was in my bedroom, where my beloved wife was said to be waiting for me. and the moment I twisted the handle of the door...

Suddenly it was pushed open, and as quickly as I could, I used my 【Physical enhancement】to regain my balance, which according to Grandpa it should be automatically activated, but before I could do so, I was dragged into the bedroom by someone from the other side.

Even the "chicken sense" did not react until the door was opened.--Well, it didn't seem like it was a life-threatening event, To be honest, I feel something vaguely there, and perhaps, just perhaps, I was enjoying it half-heartedly, But I never thought it would go this far!

The bedroom was like it was on fire, and for a moment, I thought I was being dragged into the flame because I thought I saw something like smoke.

But I was wrong, maybe it wouldn't be wrong if I called it a flame of lust. The room was filled with a lewd fragrance.

One breath in and all reason evaporates in a dizzying daze, making it seem as if this world without any eroticism immediately went into a heat wave. The scent of a woman is beyond overwhelming. I cannot believe that this is a man's bedroom, even if I am the owner of it.

And speaking of the person who dragged me into such a bottomless pit of lust.

The lord's wife put her hands on her cheeks and smiled with a debauched smile. Her wavy platinum blonde hair glistened bewitchingly, her large emerald eyes gone misty with a pink haze, I think I also see a heart symbol visible behind them. Then, there's also the breathing of an animal.

--Oh, crap! Doggy Monica looks cute compared to this! --I mean, she is cute too but...

"I-I'm going to get eaten......"

"Ha... that's right, ah..." The lord's wife's slender shoulders trembled with madness and lust. "I'm going to eat Desmond-sama......Haaa....like this......*lick* *lick*"

"O, uuu......".

I simply cannot do anything but moan when Charlotte, who is fully rutting (crazed), licks my face thoroughly. hair, ears, even eyes! And her eyes! My nostrils are sticky, saliva is repeatedly dripped into my mouth and I have to swallow it.

True humiliation!

"Oh, Desmond-sama is so excited, isn't he?"

My hardened, raging muscle trembled beneath her wiggling hips.

"Now, let me strip you off..."

With that, Charlotte did what, oh...what's she doing!

She began to undress me using only her mouth.

Charlotte, who could neither undress nor wear clothes by herself, has mysteriously mastered the craft to an amazing level.

*huff* *huff*

My beloved wife removed her husband's clothes while breathing like an animal.

"Fuuu, *sniff* *sniff*...... hah...... ah, Desmond-sama's smell........this is what I wanted..........mmmm........ Hah, I'm so excited, woof♡."

She is even more desperate than Monica. I bury my face in her chest, and while she's cooing over me, she quickly strips me until there's only the part below the waist left.

"Fuuu-aah......I think I'm going to cum just like this.." Charlotte kissed my neck.

"............ I can smell Katherine on you."

*stiff*

"Oh, uh, t-that's, Charlotte......."

No, this is not right, this adulterous trip of mine has been approved by my rightful wife already.

But

This....is this what it feels like when being caught cheating? And The wife is in full heat mode........Is this going to kill me? Like, maybe she's going to milk me to death or something.......

--*twitch*!

"Now I'm going to have to diligently reapply my scent........"

Oh.......now that's quite horrifying.......

The sun was almost down, the sky was gradually turning from red to a deep blue, and the first star was shining outside the window as if glaring at me from the shadows of the bushes. Nocturnal nympho is coming after me now.

I am no longer a carp on the chopping block, but a poor little rabbit being slaughtered by a lion. Given that my wife is doing everything in her power to lick me, I feel compelled to give her a good meal.

"...... Aha ah, Charlotte.......yes. Repaint the guilty, sinful me with your fragrance."

The lord's wife giggled. She is so beautiful.

"Of course. Desmond-sama is my master(husband) after all."

Whoa, that "master" was kinda like Katherine. I wonder if it was on purpose?

"*suck* *lick*"

"Kuhhhh, ahhh........."

I screamed pitifully when she sucked me on my nipples. Her dainty lips and tongue gave off too much extreme lewdness, causing the male's body ablaze.

"Hmm, you already feel it........how lovely. Your nipples are so erect.......I'll make you cry more and more......."

"Ohhhhhh......."

With a wet sound, she suck my nipple and twirled her tongue around it. Moreover, the other nipple was rubbed with a light fingernail.

With a churping and licking sound, she sucked me to the nipple and twirled her tongue around it. And the other nipple was gently rubbed by her fingernail.

"Kuk, kuuh, uuuu......" I make a shameful and embarrassing sound.

"You look adorable, Desmond-sama......."

"Oh oh......"--so good, it's embarrassing. But I want more.......

My wife's caresses are passionate and soothing. She's crawling all over my body.

She sniffed my armpits, licked them, and even teased and sucked my navel. My tented crotch no longer hurt. Nevertheless, Charlotte still sucked and licked me as she had declared earlier to heighten my libido.

And then, with a familiar click, she started unbuckling my belt, and then she started to grip my meat rod, which was still trapped in my underwear.

"Oh my♡"

Uwaaaaa........how embarrassing.............. Why do I feel such a sense of shame even though she has already seen it so many times?

Was it because I was doing it with another woman --- I shouldn't think about it.

"Ooooh!"

Charlotte groped me. She scooped up my balls and sucked and squeezed the pole as if to inspect its shape. The pole was already overflowing with embarrassing juices from its tip.

--Ahhhhhh, this feeling. This delightfulness......The pleasure of being handled by my beloved wife.......

"Mmmm, I can feel it. Your testicles are nice and firm.......Desmond-sama, you cum in the carriage with Katherine, didn't you?"

"----yes."

"Still, this weight. It's really nice."

"I'm happy to hear you say it." --really.

The wife Charlotte twirled my filthy juices around her tender fingers and moved them up and down, smearing them on the pole. She already knows my weak spot. She made a ring with her index finger and thumb to hook around my glans and squeezed it.

"Is it feels good, Desmond-sama♡?"

"Yes, it feels really good. But Charlotte looks like she feels good too. While working with my dick, you raise your big ass up - waving it around, it's so cute."

"Jeez♡"

"Kuhhhh!"

She squeezed me hard.

Her shapely nose came closer and closer to the towering meat root.

"Kun-kun, suu, haa, it smells so good. I can't get enough of it... ♡"

"Kuhhhh, oooh........"

The woman's hot breath engulfs my cock. She rubs slowly and moves around, yet she doesn't quite get where I want her to be.

"Ugh, oooh.......Charlotte......."

"Hmmm, what's wrong?"

She smiled mischievously like a bratty girl - yet her mouth was curled lewdly as she tormented her man, her large emerald eyes sent a seductive upward glance at me.

"Chu"

"Kuh!"

My hips bounced as she kissed the glands.

"Rero.....*lick*"

"Uuuu, oh..."

Charlotte's pink tongue moved up and down the backside, slithering like a slug, and then she took my balls in her mouth.

*Roll, roll, roll......*

Both at once. They roll around in the hot mouth of the beautiful woman.

She licked and licked, then she goes lower with dizzying lewdness.......

"No, Charlotte, that part is dirty.......oh......."

Although I said that, I was looking forward to it,--- but Charlotte didn't touch me there, and when she moved on to my thighs, I let out a whimper.

"Chu *lick* *lick*......"

She licks all over my thighs like I always did to her, leaving a hickey on it. I couldn't help but be mesmerized by my wife's hot and glamorous state.

And then, to my surprise.

"Haaa~ mu......."

"Ah..... no, Charlotte, a woman like you shouldn't do something like that..."

"Chup..."

Nevertheless she sucked and licked my toes. It would have been acceptable for me to suck and lick Charlotte's feet to the point of licking the dirt off her toenails, but the reverse wasn't quite right.

"It's a foot that has undergone a lot of work. I like it. *lick*......"

"Hiii....."

I felt so much sense of sacrilege that my butt muscles tightened and my testicles were pulled up involuntarily.

Oh, what a delightful, dominant feeling this is....... Charlotte, the noble Charlotte-chan, was on my feet.......

Of course, I had not taken a bath since I came back. After my affair with Katherine, I applied a "Clean" so I didn't get all sweaty and smelly like I did in the old world, but even so, it's not like I didn't sweat at all when I got here from the carriage...

She's doing it...

"Chu, *suck*......"

With great care and dedication.

After cleaning my feet with her lips and tongue, she went back up again, crawling her tongue all over the part she already licked. Then.

"Desmond-sama, please open your thighs."

N...No way.

The anticipation, the shame, and the voice of the debauched bitch in heat.

"Oh, Desmond-sama, this thing is twitching, so cute."

As I thought.

"Wait....... ah, ooh......."

"Chup, chup, chup.......chup......."

W-What the hell.....was this a result of leaving women unattended at home?

I felt Charlotte's tongue, and those lips touching my dirty hole.

I had fingered and licked her, but this had never been done to me before. During our affair trip, I was able to finger, tongue and penetrate my maid and cousin's (imaginary) anus to my heart's content, but.......

While my skill and interest had been rising, this is the first time.....ha....to think that I was about to be sulled.

"Au, oooh."

This is bad, why is this so good. A feeling of violation and immorality join hands to do a tap dance in the minefield, slowly but surely stepping deeper and deeper into the trench. When my anus is licked, my balls touch Charlotte-chan's nose, and my pole swells up even more with a jerk.

Then, here comes her slender fingers.

She wraps her fingers around my manhood and starts to jerk it.

"Oooh, oooh, oooh........."

"*suck*, *suck*, *lick*, *suck*......."

My anus was soaked with Charlotte's saliva, my lower belly was slick with my own juices.

I was left to her mercy.

"Kuu..............Charlotte.......Kuu......, suck my dick, then I want you to insert your finger in my anus......."

Charlotte looked up from between my legs. she looked up at me with her big emerald eyes and said

"Very well♡"

Charlotte did as she was told and sucked my nearly exploding manhood into her mouth.

*Schlop*

"Uuu, kuuuu......"

"Hmm, *Schlop* *Schlop* *suck* *suck*"

The lord's wife's fingers crept in through the back door, and I clamped on it. Her fingers wriggled. Towering cock went into her soft lips, and her pretty, adorable, twenty-nine year old face that could rival a teenage girl, went up and down on the grotesque meat pole. Her saliva was dripping.

Her big emerald eyes fixed on me, staring.

"Like this? Or here?"

She shakes her face up and down and twirls her tongue around, drooling as she fondled my dirty hole.

"Whoa, oh.......ohoh.......Charlotte.......please use 【clean】 first."

Hiyan!

I restrained myself from crying that out loud. Because there's no demand for such things.

--I see, this is what it feels like to be fucked in the anus. Next time, I will give Katherine a couple of orgasms in a row, I thought.

But I was wrong to think that.

"Ohhhh!"

Her fingers crawled in more and more. All the way to the base.

Her emerald gazing at me, as if she was complaining. So you know.......

"Juupu, *suck*, *suck*, *schlick*..."

Oh........you're brilliant as usual. Katherine who loves to suck my cock is good, but this "Desmond-sama" blowjob stands out in a different way. --if may say so, it was....penetrating.

She pulled her mouth away and stopped when only the tip remained in her mouth and relentlessly tortured my weak spot, licked and lapped at the glans with her pink tongue while stroking it with one hand.

*Suuuck*

And then sucked the contents out.

Even though she was not a maid but a wife, she was the daughter of a noble in this world where there is no sexual desire. Considering that she was doing it for me, as a man and as a lord, I was beyond overwhelmed with emotion.

"Charlotte.......can you please touch the wall on the side of my abdomen? There should be a bump there......."

"Hmm? Mmmmmm......" Charlotte began to swallow the meat root deeper.

"hmmm, ummm......."

That alone is a tremendously erotic sensation, and yet, my beloved wife's slender fingers are lolling around in the husband's anus.

--Yes, prostate.

I knew about it, but I had never had anyone do it to me, or even touched it myself. I've heard it can be very, very effective....

Well, I admit that I was quite afraid to tell this Eros fairy about it, but once I my ass was opened, I couldn't help but be interested in it.......

"Uguuu!"

The lord's wife's lovely fingers had finally found "The thing". But I soon regretted telling her.

my head lift up, my hips bucking and my back bending to the point of nearly breaking.

*nub* *nub*......

"Fu---uuu! Uhaa, uuuuuuu!"!"

The lord's wife scraped at it even more in response to my extraordinary reaction.

N--No don't..... I-I'm getting poke that s......。

Oh, damn it!

"Nnnn!"

The lord's wife's large emerald eyes grew so large that they almost popped out. She took the swollen and raging meat into her mouth and received my ejaculation in her throat with an intense determination not to let out even a drop of the spill out.

My rod bounced with a jerk.

Every time she rubbed it, the cock erupt out a stream of cum.

"Nku, n....n..."

The lord's wife's beautiful and fine throat moves up and down, gulping.

It was so intense that it seemed to resonate from the bottom of my abdomen to my brain. But even so, the feeling of Charlotte's mouth was still making me feel a thrill of excitement, it was also giving me a sense of deep emotion that I have returned to her.

"Hah, oh, ooooh......."

I let my beloved wife swallow my cum into her mouth for the first time in several days.

--Ah, I'm back........

I am back to this lovely but erotic fairy, the lecherous wife of mine.......

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*pop*

The wife let go of my meat stick from her lovely lips.

With an ecstatic look on her face, her lips pressed, her blushing white cheeks and large emerald eyes moist with lust and passion. My penis stayed stiff at the sight of her.

"That was delicious."

"It sure did........"

But.

"I can't marry anymore......."

"What are you talking about, I am Desmond-sama's wife, remember?"

Waa.....so cool. *badump*

Although she was able to wear simple clothes, But ever since I started sharing the floor with her, it had been my job to both put them on and take them off.......

While admiring her development, I am also fascinated by her stunning nude body, appearing with a sound of her clothes brushing against the floor.

Her body is fair, ripe, and flaring out like dynamite, seemingly ready to explode at any moment. At twenty-nine years of age, she has a mature and voluptuous body. Although she looked cute and young, her nude figure gave off a scent of sexiness that could make anyone ejaculate just by looking at her.

When she took off her white bra, her huge tits sprang out. Despite their size, they did not lose their shape in the slightest and puffed out beautifully, with a pink peak sitting at the tip of them. It was not only beautiful, but also extremely sexy. The white pantie was already so wet that I can a see crack, and when I took it off, a sticky thread form between her and the underware.

*Thump, thump, thump*

My heart was pounding in sync with my rod.

"Desmond-sama~"

I gulped at the sound of her sweet voice.

A woman's vertical slit spewing lewd nectar. The cute milky pink lips twitches. Even her darker platinum-blonde hair below was soaking wet.

And the scent of a woman's desire reach me.

-No, I had already been enveloped by it all over my body when I was in this room. The predator, of course, had to be her, even though it was me, the male baring his fangs.

"Do you want to lick it, Desmond-sama?"

"No, I want to drink it. I want to taste Charlotte in heat."

"Now......♡" She walked over to my head and sat down without hesitation.

"Please enjoy your meal. Ahh.....ah! Already!"

I devoured my wife's honey pot as I felt the woman's honey juices overwhelm me in a blaze of lust. The scent of the woman's sweet and sour taste choked me. The platinum blonde's hair prickled against me. But it was no longer soggy and wet. Charlotte wiggled her hips and let me kiss her lower lips as if she was marking me.

I inserted my tongue just as she wanted, and deeply kissed her.

I move my tongue and enjoy the taste of my wife for the first time in a few days, as she cries out in pleasure.

We licked, slurped, and swallowed each other in a six-nine position, She aligned her vagina on top of the hard, hot meat stick. and moved her hips as she was smearing love juice on them.

"Aaah, hunn.......I can feel Desmond-sama........ This, this is it.......this is what I wanted.......nnnn, nnnn......."

"Charlotte, you've been holding so much."

I grabbed her huge tits, which were swaying and jiggling as she leaned forward, and gave them a rough squeeze.

"Nyaaaa...... ahhhhh...... hiii♡"

She shuddered and shook her breasts when I pinched her nipples. Her eyes were all blistered and burning. No matter how pretty and beautiful she originally was, now she is..

"I'm sorry, I'll do my best to fuck you for all the time you've been missing me."

"I'm so happy, Desmond.......♡"

As she brought her body down on me while I rubbed her bountiful twin dunes, we passionately pressed our lips against each other and sucked each other's tongues. I, in turn, rubbed my own cock against the hot labia that were pressed against me.

--I realize that. the one who was going to get fucked senseless is me.......

"Even little Desmond-sama wants me♡"

The woman's desire made me feel slipperily. I shuddered pitifully, twitching and quivering like a little rabbit before being eaten.

"Of course I did, I want to embrace you, Charlotte."

"I'm so glad ......"

Then she lightly lifted her hips and

The flesh of the man and the woman combined.

"Ah, ah, fu-ahhh..."

Charlotte closed her eyes and exhaled passionately, feeling the man's tool as they dug peeper, closing into her womb. The folds of her vagina were sweetly entwined and squeezed me.

"Aaah, Charlotte's pussy .......so good......"

Oh crap, I don't want to hold back, I want to ejaculate right now.......

"Desmond-sama ♡......♡"

"Oh." It doing it once with Katherine is bad already. But."Charlotte, come closer."

"Yes......."

She did as she asked, and the massive flesh was squished against my chest. On the tip of them was a stiff flower bud. I grab her plump, bouncy buttocks. Lifting her up and dove deep into her as she floods me with hot juices.

Her hungry womb was going down.

I pressed the tip of my cock against her cervix and rubbed it, Charlotte clung to me tightly and screamed uncontrollably.

Sweaty skin rubbed against each other, the aroma of sexual pleasure overflowed from the ripe woman's body to me.

We rubbed against each other, wiggling and rubbing, marking the reunion of our physical bodies.

"Is this what you want?" he said, lightly pumping the meat rod that was now lodged in the woman's honey pot.

"Hah, n.......yes, oh.......this is what I wanted.......but, but it's not that I only want a penis. I can't live without you, Desmond-sama... Ahn ♡ Desmond-sama is swelling up again...... ♡ ♡"

--Gufufu!

I feel like I'm about to overflow with indecent pleasure. However, my chest feels much warmer. And of course, the wriggling folds of her flesh are making my lower body throbbing, but I can't help it.

I reach my arm up to Charlotte's slender back and stroke her soothingly.

"I'm sorry I made you feel lonely. Let's spend the rest of the day together."

"Yes.......♡ I'm so happy."

I gently purred my sweet voice into her ear, gently stroked her wavy, platinum blonde hair, and held her close to me. Apparently, she calmed down when I penetrated her?

I thought it was usually the other way around, but - Oh well, we're speaking of Charlotte here. Maybe, if I pull this out, she'll attack me again.......

But I don't care!

" Charlotte, let's just stay like this and not move for a while." I said, my fingers stroking her back and buttocks in a romantic way. "I hadn't done this before, but the sexual arts do have a method that makes the two of us feel good even more."

That had been proven with Katherine.

"How lovely, ♡ Yes........I wish I could stay like this........and feel Desmond-sama........."

The lord's wife's woman's flesh wriggled and embraced the meaty rod. The superb meat hole that wriggled even though she didn't move her hips is a superb tool capable of killing a man, this is not a joke. This thing makes me want to forcibly shake my hips even if it's already wrung dry.

Furthermore, once it was wrapped around me in a loving embrace. It's so irresistible even if I wasn't thrusting into it.

For a while, the two of us stayed motionless, letting our body heat, sweat, breath, and heartbeats meld with each other. Then suddenly, as if she had come to her senses.

"Welcome home, Desmond-sama, I am terribly sorry. As your wife, I should have been the first to greet you, but............ that...I....I was so lonely, While I was in Desmond-sama's bed, I......"

I felt the honey flooding out of the flesh pot that was still plugged by me.

No way.......!

"Charlotte, what were you doing on my bed?"

"Fue!?"

--Oh, oh, oh! This is!

I was so thrilled that I was tempted to shake my hips, but I held back.

"Nuh-uh.......Desmond-sama has swelled up again......."

"Of course I am!"

I hugged her tightly, firm but tender.

"Nnuuh...♡"

My heart was pounding, but perhaps it was Charlotte's heart. It was like I felt her heartbeat coming directly from behind her ample breasts as she writhed with shame and pleasure. At the same time, the male organ that had settled upon her womb also pulsed. The folds of the woman's flesh wriggled and twirled as she writhed in debauchery.

"I'm home."

I said.

I had forgotten to say it because the heat was so much, so I let myself be carried away just like her.

Besides, Charlotte had never welcomed me home before, and even after she had accepted me, we usually went out together. This was my first "welcome home" and "Welcome back", but I'm sure I'll be able to do it many times in the future.....hm? Considering this incident, it is better to bring her instead? unless there is a very serious matter of course. But that might makes it less enjoyable....

"Welcome back. --I'm so glad you're back."

I'd like to see this happy face again.

I'd gladly take it even if she attacks me again!

"Hah, n.......humuh♡ Chupu......♡"

We engaged our upper and lower lips of each other. Our tongues entwined, and we exchanged saliva.

Her arousal was directly transmitted through my throbbing member, and I expressed my feelings to her as I swelled.

"I'm here, Charlotte. So what were you doing on my bed?"

"Fue!?"

"Fue!?" She said it a second time.

I didn't forget that easily, you know?--Gufufu.

Well, I know what to expect, don't I? In this world without sexual desire, such an act is not usually performed, but considering The lord's wife's shamefulness and her unlimited sexual desire, I don't think it's surprising that she reached there out of her loneliness.

After all, she is an erotic fairy.

She can do what other women cannot do. and I adore it!

"Well, that.......I do it with myself......."

Gufufu--I knew it.

Well, of course.

"You're such a bad girl, doing it in someone's bed - I'll have to ask you to show me how you did it later, won't I?"

"Fu, fuaaaah..."

--un, so cute.

I can't get enough of the horny bitch mode she was in, but this is the real Charlotte. I held her close, ruffled her wavy platinum blonde hair, and whispered in her ear.

"How about I give you a reward if you show me how Charlotte takes care of herself?"

I poked the innermost part of her vagina. *Cuun♡*, her vaginal muscles contracted, almost causing me to moan.

"......... yes♡."

--Gufufu. But.

"That's a good girl, by the way."

"What is it?" Even though she's accepted my thing up to the base, that face is still very, very cute.

"Let's keep saying, 'I'm home' and 'welcome home'."

Having said that.

"--Fufu. alright, Welcome home, Desmond-sama."

"I'm home, My lovely wife Charlotte"

"Hmm......♡ Welcome home, my dearest husband♡"

"I'm home."

"Hmm, it's quite nice. You look so red, Husband."

"You're the one speaking."

"Such things.......Ah.... maybe you're right."

"--Oh, cute."

"Cute is...... not something you say to a lady."

"Still, you're cute, didn't Emily say that to you before? And You didn't react much then."

"Well, it's not only that, it's something a child said."

"Well, then I'll keep saying it as an adult." I whisper sweetly in her ear. "Charlotte is cute, cute......"

"Yah, noo......"

"moaning won't spare you. cute, I love you, cute Charlotte."

"Oh, mmmm, I love you too, Desmond-sama........I love you....... ♡."

We both smiled with our foreheads pressed against each other.

It is embarrassing and awkward, but I can't help but smile. I loved her too much.

We flirted so much for a while that I almost puked sugar.

We changed positions, caressing and flirting by rubbing her tits, playing with her clitoris, and, incidentally, her anus. She was shy, but she was easily accepting my fingers.

--Gwahhhh, the fruits of my labor. I'm going to have Charlotte's anus. If she really doesn't like it, then I'll have no choice but to blame myself, so I'll be very careful.

With our sexes entwined, we slowly set each other's bodies on fire, and our hearts were the first to be consumed by each other's passion.

"Mmmm, mmmm, chuu.........."

Charlotte was on her back and I was on my side, our legs tangled together as I penetrated her.

Her pink tongue flickers and my tongue entwines with hers. I rub and enjoy her plump, fantastically rounded breasts, which lightly bounce even when she's on her back, and occasionally play with her nipples, clenching them. also the clit.

"Hah, un.......no more.......Desmond-sama didn't come here just to see me, right? Did you want my tits?" My ears go crazy with the wet sounds from her lips as she continues to writhe.

I scraped her with my hard, swollen dick and poked it deep inside her vagina. But to be honest, I no longer feel anything, it has melted together to the point that I wonder if my meat stick is really there.

"Nyaaah, nnghhhh........."

"Charlotte, I need your saliva."

"Nnhhhhh......♡"

And she wriggled her pretty lips.

"Desmond-sama, please open your mouth."

"aaaa."

*dips*

"Mmm....... that's delicious."

"Please give me some too...... Desmond-sama... aaaa......."

To Charlotte-chan, who opened her mouth like a baby bird, I gave her a generous amount of saliva and then put my lips on hers.

"Nnghh.......nn.......nnghh.......nnghh...... pu......,so much ♡ I might be drowned by Desmond-sama at this rate."

"Don't you want to drown in me?"

"I want to♡♡♡"

"I want to be drowned by you, too."

"Ahh, Desmond-sama......♡"

Her big emerald eyes now are so deep like an abyss and had a pink heart mark inside them.

So we remained penetrated - it's okay, the 【Physical enhancement (sex)】 allows me to continue to penetrate her with my cock without deflating - We entwined and caressed each other, giggled and played all the while.

As we did so, gradually....

"Ha, ha.......n......aaah......."

Charlotte's body burned like water on the verge of boiling.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahh, ah, aaaa! I'm going to cum! I'm cumming! Desmond-sama! No~!"

Seizing the opportunity, I held her on her side and swing my hips. I pounded my cock into Charlotte's soft, wet vagina, which was spilling honey all over. I pinched her light pink nipples and rubbed her full breasts, which were bouncing wildly.

I won't stop shaking my hips even if I cum!

"Haaaaahhhh!" Our overflowing lewd juices frothed up as we both came.

The lubrication is superb with the thick of the secreted love lotion. The soft, burning folds of her tender folds become like a different creature, wriggling, squirming, and contracting repeatedly to squeeze every drop of sperm out of me, while its owner squealed uncontrollably.

*Flop* *Flop* *Flop* *Flop* *Flop*

*Flop* *Flop* *Flop* *Flop* *Flop*

The baby seed that had been simmering in my testicles was eager to say "I'm home" to her.

"Oh, kuuuuuuh! Charlotte! I'm going to...I'm cumming! I'm going to say "I'm home" deep inside Charlotte's pussy, lots and lots of it!"

She bent her back and I pressed my lips tightly against hers, sucking and twirling my tongue around hers.

I was already ----

*Splat*,*Splurt*!

"Ahan ♡ Aaaaa!!!"

I slammed into her cervix and ejaculated so much I wondered whether it was safe to do this. It felt as if my entire body had turned into a penis, sending semen into Charlotte's womb.

--The feeling wasn't bad, but it was not pleasant either.

I kept pumping into Charlotte's cervix so much and so fast that I thought I had become a semen generator.

"Fuuuu~uuunn, nn, nnuuuuuunn♡"

And by the same measure, Charlotte was a semen milker.

Neither of us had a shred of sense left, jerking and twitching, she sucking on my mouth, slurping my spit, and undulating her hips, all while she's still cumming. She was squeezing my load with her twitching folds, making it harder and harder for me to stop ejaculating - It's like I'm peeing all of my insides out.

I also had Polynesian sex with Katherine, but the amount of cum is exceeded that. I was seriously worried about getting milked dry.

--Still...This is......

In the midst of the tremendous pleasure I was experiencing. I am certain of something.

I had an inkling of it, but.........

--After having sex with other girls, I was now confident about it.

I was using my own magic power to 【enhance】 - no, I was using 【enhance (sex)】to keeping myself erect after orgasm, refilling my semen immediately, increasing my hardness, and increasing my growth rate (depending on the girl). Whether it was for Katherine, or Monica.

But when doing it with my rightful wife, my beloved wife, Charlotte--

The magic power was coming from her, and I was being forced to use 【physical enhancement (sex)】!

Actually, it seems like that's only possible because I want it too, but.......what a naughty wife you are, as expected of the Eros Fairy! She keeps pouring her own magic power into me, keeping my boners making me cum.

Moreover, most of the magic power that I use now is from Chalotte's. Judging from the flow of magic power, the semen that she made me create and poured into her body didn't seem to be absorbed as her own magic power that's returned to its source. It simply getting sucked into Charlotte's womb as cum, not magic.

In other words, while I was mixing her magic power with my own and pumping it into her womb. Charlotte was stimulating me to get erect and creamed her, she wasn't just milking me like a succubus slut, but using her own magic power to create my semen that poured into her womb.

What's going on?

Nevertheless, while all the pool of cum was still in her womb.

"Fuuu~--unnn♡!"

As Charlotte's orgasm spurted out. I kept fucking her, driving her into the bed even if she's still cumming. I swung my hips and pumped more seed into her pussy.

This is out of control. --I think I'd already lost my mind - and maybe Charlotte too.

Still, my "chicken sense" didn't react, and I couldn't help but want to fulfill her request with everything I had.

In a sense, I was in a state of 【frenzy(sex)】.

However, this was only because we both wanted it that way.

The woman's lust fuels the man, and then she takes all of the man's desire...

*Flop* *Flop* *Flop* *Flop*

I shook my hips wildly.

"Ahhh, aaaaan! Please, please cum inside, inside my womb, wa ~aaaan!"

Charlotte was screaming in a half-crazed state of pure ecstacy.

Her well-shaped eyebrows were arched in a 八 shape, her big emerald eyes were glistening with tears in the corners. Every time it pounded the back of her vagina, I orgasmed, shooting out my load. Pouring the combined sperm of two people, a loving couple, into her womb.

Pushing up her plump, fleshy thighs, I slammed my hip down, reaching all the way to the deepest part of her. Our fingers intertwined tightly in a lover's grip, her magic flowed from our clenched palms. Our hips slammed into each other, pubic bone against pubic bone, the spark of pleasure it creates is like flint struck against steel. No, it was like meteor impact.

When I brought my body down, Charlotte wrapped her legs around my waist, arm over my shoulder and clinging to me. I scooped her up, her back now not touching the bed, our sweaty skin touching, our lips, tongues, and saliva seeking each other.

Her huge meat bounced against my chest. Her nipples fueled my beastly desire and provoked my rational mind.

I bucked my hips.

I make her squeal.

I cum inside her womb.

The woman's charming voice filled my ears. I kept pumping and pumping, I shot so much that I thought I was going to swell her infertile womb with my semen.

And then, she said.

"Please, do it with my butthole too..."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes........ah, I know I sound crazy, but I had a dream that Desmond is ruining a girl with dog ears in her mouth, her pussy, and her ass, I felt so.....so envious. Ahh,Desmond-sama, please, please don't hate me for being such a selfish woman....... I want Desmond-sama to take every part of my body. All over my body, outside, inside, hair, skin, vagina, butt, mouth, nose, ears...... all of it, I want to give it to Desmond-sama. Waht a shameless woman I am, I know you might appalled me, but....."

I was absorbed in the flesh of a woman named Charlotte. I was addicted.

Is this real, or was it all a dream? a delusional, imaginary, idealistic, otherworldly dream?

--Whatever it is, it doesn't matter.

The important thing is that she truly wants to be mine, and I truly desire to make her mine.

I want to fulfill her fantasy.

I want to fuck her to exhaustion.

I want to impregnate her

I want her to bear my child.

I want her, she's mine, she's mine, she's mine, she, she's mine, she's mine, mine! mine!!

"Charlotte!!!!"

"Aaaaaaahh!!!"

I attack her from behind, getting her on all fours, and pushed all the way in at once, which was frothing white with our lewd juices, into a hole where it was supposed to be. She cried out with pleasure.

*Squish*

The meat hole tightened around the meat pole that had been relentlessly penetrating her, I was glad I trained her for this. Even though it was still tight, she welcomed me. I ejaculated in her bowels like I was peeing, which surprised me. I was pouring a thick, sticky mess into her intestines - or so it seemed.

I say "it seemed" because I had no idea what was going on.

I pumped it in, filling her more and more, then I pulled out, and my stiff cock spurted out a torrent of white magma which I it smeared all over her ample, smooth, bouncy, white ass.

I brought my sticky fingers to her mouth while continuing to fuck her front hole.

"Mmmm, slurp .......slurp ......."

Without hesitation, she cleans my fingers.

While my beloved wife licked and sucked my cum-covered finger, I used my other hand to smear cum on her voluptuous breasts and play with her nipples.

She remained on all fours, sucking my fingers, moaning and shaking her ass. She slammed her big, huge ass into me, begging me to shoot my load into her vagina again.

I cum right then and there.

Drooling from the sheer pleasure, I pulled out and penetrated her back hole, then pulled out and penetrated her front hole, cum, then sprayed her. I smeared it all over her clean, white skin, and then as if I was applying some kind of beauty treatment, I coated her platinum blonde hair with my cum as well.

I just can't resist.

She seemed unable to resist it either, as she began to slurp on my towering cock.

I ejaculated into the slippery, writhing, burning tongue of a woman, until white stuff gushed out of her nostrils.

I smeared it on her cheeks. Then coat her lovely face with it.

--Ahhhhhhh, I see.

I think.

This is a dream.

It has to be.

A nightmare, but the best kind.

Forgetting that we were rational beings, just a man and a woman, a mass of flesh that fits together perfectly, filling the parts of us that are missing.

This can only be a dream.

I felt like I had done something similar to Monica, but not as extreme as this. She was both satisfied and exhausted, and I had burned up as white ashes before we got this far.

This is a lustful miracle that was only possible through the joint efforts of Charlotte and me.

Although I already poured my magic into Charlotte to the point of being exhausted, the amount of magic I was currently using was more than I had ever used in the past.......

"Anh, anh, anh, anh, anh, anh, ahhhhh!"

She was soaked with the bodily fluids of both men and women. She has an ecstatic look on her face that made me think she was going insane. She was rubbing her own voluptuous breasts, squeezing her nipples, rubbing her clitoris, and shaking her hips wildly and lustily.

Next, I push her down and start to shake my hips.

On top, bottom, front hole, back.

*splurt* *splurt* *spluuuuuurt!*

It is ridiculous to count or even think about how many times I orgasm. The only thing that matters is that, now there is a man and a woman loving each other.

Regardless of whether it is currently, morning, or day.

Evening, night.

How many?

How many hours have passed since we start?

No, how days, and nights?

Or perhaps not even a day, a night, or an hour had passed.

Before me there is only her, and in front of her is only me. No, maybe there was neither of us here, only flesh and lust.

But one thing I was certain.

I, she, we are...

"I love you, Desmond-sama."

"I love you, too, Charlotte......."

""Always---""

*Ta-thump*

*Ta-thump*

Then, I thought I can hear the sound of new life in my ears.

◇

The womb, which had been tightly sealed, opens.

The problem wasn't on the door, but the key.

There was simply not sufficient.

That "blood" desire, was too enormous.

In this world without sexual desire, there was no male that can satisfy that desire.

But not the one who's from the other world.

It was neither a play of the gods who had too much time on their hands, nor it was someone who summoned him, but something that slipped and blended in. Or perhaps, he simply woke up here.

But he was here, met her. And now, all this time of intimate bliss and debauchery, as if seven days and seven nights had been condensed and finally fulfilled all of its requirements for body and soul.

Her womb opens.

The womb of the Ero lineage, something that was supposed to be lost....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

--Hmm?

Where am I?

and I don't know which is which.........bright or dark, up or down, left or right.

All I know is that I'm swaying, and this place, this ocean is making me feel warm and peaceful, and I'm enveloped by it.

*churn*

*churn*

*churn* *churn* *churn*

Very, gentle vibrations rippled through the sea that enveloped me.

It smells sweet.

It smelled salty.

--Or maybe not.

It is different.

Taste?

Bitter? Sour? Spicy? Sweet? Salty? --Delicious?

Something I don't know and I wouldn't mind not knowing, I don't care if any of this is actually real.

......It's like, I want to be here forever.

But...

Nevertheless, I can't stay here...... forever.

I only curled up and just kept on rocking and swaying.

I can still clench my hand, and if I had a hand to clench, I had to use it.

Raise it high? Shake it?

No. If I still have limb, they must be for.

Surely, it must be for.

To go up.

It shall be born.

And it's not me that has to be born.

I have done my part.

Therefore, the next step is to bring life to the next one.......

／

" Mm, nnnnn........morning......"

There was already light from outside. A pleasant morning wake up...

I'm not sure I can call it that.

"So hot, humid too.....Oh gosh, the smells...... so sticky and crusty.................... 【clean】."

It's great to see her happy, as she is still pressing down on me and letting out a cute breath while she's asleep. Even if I'd rather keep her looking happy with our sticky, dried-up juice all over her for an hour or so, but--,

I am also too sticky and dirty.

Thanks to the Clean, the sticky, crusty, and smell of lovemaking that was like a miasma, had been cleared away.

"It doesn't work with just one time? How much did I release it?"

After increasing the magic power it was finally cleaned up. I hope I can enjoy putting semen on Charlotte again in the future.

--*stiff*

And just as I thought, my morning wood is still remained inside her body. Even though she was asleep, the woman's enchanting flesh was still wriggling and clamping down on my flesh.

"Ha.......it feels so good.............."

It is a pleasant sensation, I want to stay still and surrender to the blissful sense of comfort.

I also want to get up and continue to fill her up with cum.

I stroked her smooth back lewdly and kneaded her plump ass.

"Hmm, fuuu.......Desmond-sama........ Hahn......."

Fufufu, my still sleeping wife called out my name and breathed sweetly.

Oh dear, I want to do this forever.......

And I want to do this while fucking her butt too.

I mean, we did anal yesterday, didn't we? I also ejaculated so much in her......

--No, I was so out of it yesterday that I don't know what I was doing -- although I'm pretty certain I did something, - but the details of it are fuzzy. I think I did everything I can think of, at least three times as much of what I did to Monica, and as if that wasn't enough........I feel so intoxicated like I was having a wet dream.

--Hm? I had a feeling that there was something in it that I couldn't help but be surprised and appalled if it was real.......

--Nope, I can't remember that one either.

The only thing that is certain now is the pleasure and weight of my beloved wife who is gradually undulating herself, pleasuring me, with my morning wood deep inside her pussy.

Even if it all turned out to be a dream, I would have died of not having enough blood reach my brain at this rate.

"Nghhhh, haaaan......."

Charlotte's moan became sweet and hot.

What a needy wife she is.

I couldn't stop myself from caressing her platinum blonde hair gently.

"Desmond-sam.......I love you, I love you so much......."

"Me too. I love you, Charlotte."

"Mmm, nuh-uh......."

The undulation of her hips was getting more and more aggressive. Even though I just use 【clean】, the overflowing love juice quickly soaked our pubic hairs.

"You little nympho."

"Haaaaahhhh!"

I grabbed her slender hips and pushed my cock up into her. I felt the soft, squishy sensation as the folds of her vagina clamped down on me and her cervix sucked on my cock.

*Plop* *Plop* *Bump* *Bump*

It was her favorite, lewd morning wake-up call.

Charlotte was asleep and crying with a lovely voice.

I held her close and put my lips to that pretty ear.

"I'm going to cum, Charlotte, your favorite morning milk. I'm going to pour so much into your lower mouth, that it will overflow. --You'll get impregnated by my first shot of the day. I'm going to impregnate you, get pregnant Charlotte......."

"Nhhh, nn, nnuuuu..."

In her sleep, my wife, who was now being poured with male lust into her womb, squeezed me with her velvety soft wall to the rhythm of my pulses. I kept ejaculating, with every squeeze, filling her womb to the brim.

Then, I suddenly noticed "the thing".

I became aware of it.

"---- what?"

At that moment, I don't know how to describe my feelings.

Awestruck, excited, grateful, blessed, delighted, anxious, doubtful, touched, surprised, thankful, happy, happy, happy!

There's someone in there?

No, I wasn't quite grown up enough to be a person.......but there is--!

--My baby.

It was not a dream.

This feeling, this child in her womb now, is mine. I have finally impregnated Charlotte. I had finally pried open the womb of this woman who thought she wasn't fertile!

I have finally made her pregnant!

Unexpected, I held her in my arms as she slept happily on top of me. I kissed her face. I was crying too, I think.

"Nnghhhh, n.......hmmm.......what's going on, Desmond-sama......."

She got up.

My beloved wife, who is now pregnant with my child, woke up.

Her large emerald eyes, mature at the age of twenty-nine but still innocent, were staring at me curiously.

"Eh!? Are you crying? What's going on........did you have a bad dream or .........fue!?

She let out a cute voice startled voice as I hugged her tightly.

I rained kisses down on her.

"Oh, Nhnm, you're so eager......fufu, it can't be helped. It's okay, you can pamper me as you want.......Because Desmond-sama is my baby too. Oh, do you want to suck on my breasts? Nuuuu! Ah! You're really licking it....you suck it so hard....ahhh....it feels good... Aaann, Desmond-sama is swelled up in my vagina, ah. You already do it once, didn't you? Ahhhh! Again, you cum again.....I'm milking you while you're sucking my breasts...Nnnnn....... My womb is full of Desmond-sama's offspring. Even though can't get pregnant, Desmond-sama's seed is enough to make my womb swell up! Ngh.......it feels so good......."

she said.

".................."

And then she stopped.

"..................? ..........................................---- eh?"

Cute, so cute, but.......

I stared into those big emerald eyes with my blue eyes.

For us, time stopped.

".................."

".................."

----*drop*

Clear precious jewels spilled out onto me. One after another, it overflowed, then burst out.

And so it eventually got to the point where...

"Ugh, ugh, ugh, uwaaaaaa............."

She clung to my neck. Her ample maternal flesh that finally was able to fulfill her role was squashed by my chest. It is so bouncy.

"De- De- Deh, Deshmondshaamaa.......I -I ---I am wah ~~~~!"

I could hear her feelings by the voice playing in my ear.

Some people say that seeing someone more flustered than you will helps to calm you down, which is half true. I hugged her back and stroked her hair to soothe her, but I couldn't stop the tears from falling from my eyes either.

"You have done well, Charlotte......."

I whispered in her ear.

"N-No, not me, It's Desmond-sama, doing it over and over again until I was conceived. Uuuuaaaaa! I-I will give birth to this child, even if it costs me my life!"

I hugged her tightly.

"No, you won't. I want this child too, but--I already told you, I do not want to lose you. I don't want that baby to take you away from me. You belong to me."

Charlotte's clinging arms tightened.

"It's.....It's too much.....too much!! I'm so....so happy.....hicc.....uuuuuu"

She continued to cry hysterically as she clung to me, I held her close and stroked her hair until she stopped crying.

Throughout all of this, my penis remained erect and still inside her vagina, and her flesh was still squeezing me.

--That's typical of Charlotte.

But is it safe for a mother to be this needy?

Well, as a father, I'm the one who needs to work hard.

My beloved wife keeps crying as she clings on top of me.

Her body is as slender yet voluptuous as usual, and her weight is light.

Yes, nothing has changed.

She has been and always will be, my beloved wife.

"Uuuuu, aaaaaaaaaa~~~~!"

Her cries continued to echo in my ears for a long, long time, almost to the point of blaring through my eardrums.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh, ugh.......I'm So embarrassed, to think that I show you my embarrassing side like this.............."

Charlotte sits next to me on the bed, her cheeks and the area under her eyes are bright red.

-I'd say it's too late for that.......... And now we're still naked.

Her delicate shoulders, the soft warmth of a woman's body, and the sense of embarrassment that enveloped us made my stupidly horny son cheer up her as if it were happy that it get her impregnated.

"My my." Charlotte spotted it. And Those big emerald eyes turn mischievous like a cat's eyes.

"Umm...a.....you see...."

"Fufu, Desmond-sama is so energetic, You just impregnated me, and yet you are already......hard......."

"Ooooh......"

Once she poked it with her soft fingertips, the little boy with the swollen and reddened head that get teased by a grown-up woman instantly acted spoiled, seeking her attention.

"Ugh.......Charlotte, you are going to be a mother now, are you not? This....this is too much...."--Haa that feels so good.......

"--Fufu, therefore. I will be the mother of this child, but I am still Desmond-sama's... Isn't that what Desmond-sama said? Therefore, I must prove that I am still, and always will be yours..."

"Charlotte, ...... You're just acting shy a moment ago."

"Uuuuuuu... Desmond-sama..."

With her face red to the ears, she rubbed and stroked against her own belly. She was pouting, but her words were filled with happiness.

"Aah, he teased your mother again, your father is such a terrible man......"

"Hey, don't teach baby weird stuff."

"Hah.......Desmond-sama......."

I kisses her neck, and the corners of her eyes immediately began to droop.

"Is this the look of a bullied woman? This is not the face of a mother. This is the look of a woman begging to be teased, isn't it?" I crawl my tongue like a red slug on her neck.

"Aaa, ahhh......"

She writhes and wriggles as she squeezes my angry dick.

"Oh.......Charlotte.......if you keep it like that, I'm tempted to take you again.............At least until the pregnancy is stable......."

While I was very happy that Charlotte get pregnant, I realized that I wouldn't be able to have sex with her. I have to wait until her pregnancy is stable and as long as I didn't do anything too violent. It's very unfortunate!

Well, it's not impossible if I don't do it in that hole, but it's still hard...

"It'll be fine."

"-What?"

*silent*

"Ah, well, I'm told it's usually not okay, but...." she said, a bit flustered.

--Unh, so cute.

Though, Charlotte quickly regained her composure with a serious face transforming to the noble mode in her bedchamber with her beloved husband having a serious pillow talk.

"I already know that even with the nobleman's seed, no matter how potent the magic is inside, an intense impact will cause it to drift away. However, with this kind of, unusual, intense........"

And she turns bright red. Would you believe it? This woman is going to be 30 years old with a child next year.

This is truly a fantasy. If she keeps acting like this and now that it looks like she can have children now, wouldn't that mean she's going to keep getting pregnant? I am very sure of that!

--Not only that, but I think Charlotte is not the only one who can't stand it. -Guh- I wondered how many times I'm going to be a dad in this lifetime, even though I already am to one.......

However, this world, was an Otherworldly Fantasy, So even these words of Charlotte's may be valid - or are they?

"B-But!" She said, her voice raised adorably with a flush in her cheeks.

--Ohhhhhh, this girl is so cute however she reacts.......

It is becoming less and less difficult to say how cute she is.

"This child, this child was made by...... such extremely intense breeding. I think that.......it should be fine even if Desmond-sama performs the sexual technique on me, but not too intense... Still, I-I think you still have to pour energy into my womb... I-I think it's better that way...I-I'm very aware that I'm saying something strange, but for some reason, I really believe it......"

Her blushing face was so red with shame that I wanted to lick it off and swipe it away with my tongue, but she was crestfallen at the end, thinking about what she would do if I didn't believe her.

Sorry, Charlotte, but that face alone is enough sidedishes for three bowls of rice.

--I mean, not that.

I was beyond happy that she wanted to have sex with me so badly, But...."unusual" and "intense breeding" is too much......the word was enough to make me want to do an unusual and intense breeding again, although when you put it that way, it makes sense.

This world is no sexual desire and She's a woman who can not be impregnated unless she had been fuck so intensely, with that, I think that the reason she has not been impregnated so far is not just a matter of male-female reproductive function.

Add to the fact that I have been doing my best to do idiotic things like 【physical enhancement (sex)】 in which I use my magical energy to increase my vigor. Charlotte even feeding me with her magic and begging me to mess her up even more. In other words, I converted magic power of both of us into energy and cum to send it into her womb.

It was truly a collaborative effort between husband and wife.

Finally, the baby was conceived in such a way.

There was no way I could dismiss Charlotte's claims. Besides, having a 'feel' about it was an important factor. After all, in this fantasy world, there exists something called "magic" that is not "science".

"Desmond-sama.......please believe me."

Charlotte let go of the fingers that had been fondling me and grabbed my hand, letting me touch her lower abdomen.

"--really..."

" Right?" Charlotte looked genuinely pleased.

Though, I have said the feel is important, I'm not quite sure about it now --It felt too small, But I somehow knew that Charlotte was telling the truth.

Furthermore, this feeling is telling me that if I don't get too intense, it's okay to have sex with her. Because it's the child of two magic wielders, plus it's in the womb of that said magic wielder's mama so it's protected by "magic", this fantasy world energy. In fantasy-scientific terms, Since the embryo was fertilized in such a way, and it's a child of the lascivious Charlotte's mama who couldn't conceive normally, it's okay to do it in the same way.

Moreover, I have a feeling that it is better to pour my cum while adoring this new mommy.

--Kinda.

That's very frightening, I thought.......

"So you weren't just saying this because you have a child in your womb and you want to have sex with me."

"No, I wasn't."

"I see, so Charlotte didn't want to have sex with me........"

"No! I want to have sex with Desmond-sama even if I am pregnant!"

"O-oh..."

What a mom.

"Kuku" -- but I'm fine with her being honest. And I'm also happy.

"Aaaa, Desmond-sama is laughing....bad person."

The lord's wife looks at me angrily with her cheeks puffed out. she's so adorable. I can't believe that she has my baby in her womb.

"Kyah!"

--I can only describe this scream with the word "cute ".

I pushed my wife down on the bed, but with extreme care.

As soon as our skin touched, her mouth relaxes and her eyes become vacant. This is not the mother's face.

"Thank goodness, I think I wouldn't be able to stand it if I couldn't do it with Charlotte"

"You don't have to.......Desmond-sama, you can have sex with another woman."

Charlotte's naughty look was mesmerizing.

--Ah, this is good too....... But

"Uh....that's true, but the one I love the most is Charlotte."

Then.

Charlotte smiles.

Kindly and lovingly.

Now, that is the look of a woman and a mother.

"I'm glad, Desmond-sama, that you are already so smitten with me."

"Yes, I am. I'm so addicted to you that I can't breathe without Charlotte."

I wrapped my arms around her, buried my face in her hair, and sniff her sweet scent. I might not even be able to really breathe anymore without her.

"Yan♡"

Charlotte squealed with ticklish joy. Her fingers were once again wrapped around my penis, and she begins to work on it, stroking it with a skillful hand.

"Please, Desmond-sama.......I can't live without you....... Besides, please feed our baby."

She was giggling and her mouth was smoldering with lewdness.

--Oh, this is bad, I just got a serious thrill. What if this becomes a habit?

In that case --I'll have Charlotte take the blame then. --gufufu.

"Ahh, ah.......Desmond-sama is going in, ah....... Ahhhh, uhn......."

Even though she already had our child in her womb, Charlotte Mama began to wiggle her beautiful and voluptuous body lustfully.

She rocked her plump, huge twin mounds and wiggled her hips in pleasure. I was careful not to pound her too hard, I kept moving back and forth inside her vagina, which trembled and clenched with delight.

My beloved wife is so amorous.

I am moved, wondering if such a beautiful creature could really exist in this world.

With my hands on her spread thighs, exposed her flirtatious flesh that was now blushing. The platinum blonde's bush was sopping wet, and her clitoris and her nipples are erect.

I felt rather reverent, even regal, despite the fact that I was doing such a disgusting thing.

I gently nudged her cervix, scraping the walls of her vagina. She twisted, chirped, cried, and clamped down on me.

"I'm going to cum, I'm going to pour a lot of cum into Charlotte's pregnant pussy."

"Yes, yes, yesh, please, deshmond-shaamaa......"

"Uh-ohh."

"Ahh, ahhhhh! Oh, here it comes........Desmond-sama's hot, thick seed mmm, our child is so happy."

Charlotte's hips bucked up. It is as if she is trying to squeeze all the remaining cum out of my testicles.

She never changes.

I was about to smile at that--and...

--I drop my gaze down as it appeared on her lower abdomen.

While continuing to ejaculate in her vagina.

This is....

"Eh?....... Womb tatto (lewd⠀crest)......?"

---- seriously?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The flickering flame was the only light that illuminated the presence in the shadows in the inner sanctum of the somber church, where not even sunlight could reach.

The echoes of the chanting filled the place. But the repeated rumbling chanting has something more than the severity of the scripture, its like a slimy, writhing worm--

"Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"

It was the sound of a woman's charming voice.

Furthermore, the voice belongs to a girl who still retains some youthful innocence.

The torch flicked.

The girl was on a circular platform. Her age was most likely that of a teenager. Her long blonde hair was fluttering, her lips opened, and her voice was an unrestrained groan.

The platform on which she lay was an altar of sanctuary.

Surrounding the girl was a group of people in black robes, sitting on the floor and chanting verses. They could see every inch of the girl's beauty.

If Desmond sees it, he'll say that this is like a love hotel bed.

"Huh, ah, ahhhhh! so good, it feels good!"

The girl's fingers were touching her private part. The other hand was digging into her heaving breast, toying with and rubbing the pinkish flower bud.

The wet sound was leaking out from her private part. The thin, golden pubic hair made it clear that she didn't experience a man yet. The girl's fingers kneaded the inside of her lower lips, causing them to twitch and drip out honey.

Her hips buckled up, causing her body to arch like a bridge.

*Squish* *Squish* *Squish*

The honey pot squirted out its lascivious liquids, leaving a wet spot on the bed sheet that covered the altar.

Her golden eyebrows furrowed, her blue eyes watering, and her slack mouth spilled out drool that oozed with a certain sweetness and fragrance.

"Haaaah, aaaah, so good......no, it's coming..... almost there! huuuuu!!~~"

The finger that dipped into her honey pot was wriggling adeptly. She also reached her fine hand to squeeze the pink pearl that swelled up and showed its cute little head.

"Aaaah! Haaaa, hah, so good, so good!"

With each thrust, her hips bucked more and more violently. Her blond locks twisted and flailed like a snake that urged her to become more and more lecherous.

*Splat* *Splat* *Splat*

More and more droplets of honey spurted from the girl's slit.

The overlapping echoes of chanting penetrated her flesh, causing her skin, blood, flesh, organs, bones, and womb to shake, trembling her body from within.

Keeping her finger in her private, the girl shudders, her limbs stiffening, her eyes rolling up.

The torches continue to flick across her white body. She felt the gazes of those surrounding her. Every part of her body is exposed. The woman continued to drip her fingers into the inside of her body.

Her whole body was sweating.

A woman's lust was overflowing, enough to make even a young girl like her squirm.

Yet, there was not the slightest hint of lust in any of their eyes as they watched her. Only awe, solemnity, pity, and sadness for those who have been chosen by "God".

She, the holy saint, a holy maiden chosen by "God" wholeheartedly takes on the carnal desires that might have befallen them and shows the horror of such desires through her own body.

This innocent and pure woman, she displays such shameful and vile behavior once she has surrendered to the carnal desire, the lust of the flesh is truly a horrifying thing.

Not even a brute behaves in such a manner.

Truly the act of an animal.

If sexual lust still remained in this world, no matter how well-trained a high priest might be, their snake wouldn't be able to resist the lasciviousness of a holy, lewd, holy maiden.

But it has none.

No matter how much the seductive girl in front of them sprinkled lewd aromas, moaned, and squirmed, it was impossible for their bodies to respond to them.

They just continued to solemnly chant the scripture.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh~~~~!"

The bodies of the girl began to twitch and spasm violently.

A black-robed figure approached the altar somberly, holding up a golden cup.

Like a clergyman bowing before God.

The voice of the chanting is increasingly louder, low and deep, but nothing overshadows the white and golden hair maiden whose charms are glistening in the torchlight. This was not a dark ritual but rather a sacred one. They're wearing black robes just to reflect their position.

The person holding the chalice moved reverently near the saint's crotch, which was opened into a M shape. It glistened enchantment in the light of the flames. For generations, this golden chalice had held the unclean secretions of many holy maidens.

The holy maiden spread her legs wide, thrusting her hips out as she went into her final spurt.

*Splish* *Splish*

*Splat* *Splat*

The echoes of the chant intensify, and the girl's charming voice echoes loudly.

*Swish*

and the torch crackle.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, I-I-it's coming coming coming coming coming coming---"

The holy maiden shuddered, and her lovely, innocent flesh--which had been prepared by her nightly <holy duties> was now blazingly red. her small petals now exposed for everyone to see.

*plop♡*

Her virgin flesh was spread out and the flame of the torch make it look like a piece of glistening fruit, even the proof of her innocence was fully visible. It was soaked, dripping, and burning red.

Receiving it was the <sex chalice> which had been continuously refined by the water of many saints of the past, projected her flirtatious flesh, including her virgin membrane.

Her blue eyes caught its reflection. The sight was too indecent even for the eyes of the girl who was dazed by pleasure, yet it was of herself, a servant of "God".

Instantly, the remaining shreds of reason in the girl sparked.

She sees everything. Her vagina that was soaked wet and redden from pleasure, her virgin membrane that had not yet been broken, her pink anus, her wiggling hips, her erect nipples, And, the female with that making a silly face.

All the high priests stared at it with awe and pity in their eyes.

There is no lust in them.

However, for God's chosen saint, it's a different matter.

"No, no......"

Don't look.

Please look.

Don't come.

Please come closer.

Stop.

Please.

---- more.

"Aaaaaaahhhh~~~~!"

The sex chalice raised up toward the pubic area as the saint dam exploded.

Psshhhhhh, nectar gushed out.

*Splash* *Splaaaash*!

It was a powerful squirt.

The saint's belly was jerking and giving flirtatious spasms.

The one holding the cup has his black robe soaked with holy fluid, yet, he received it reverently without flinching.

The saint was breathing heavily in a state of euphoria, her cherry-red shoulders lift up and down.

Her nipples were erect, her sweat-soaked limbs turning weak as her labia twitched.

*Squish* *Squish*

The remains of her dirty juice were spilling onto the sheets.

The one who had received the holy water respectfully held up the cup, drew it back, and then pressed their lips against it and gulped.

"A, aaa..."

With a shudder, the holy maiden's limbs jerked.

The cup was passed to those surrounding the altar, one after the other.

*gulp*

*gulp*

Their throat is making a sound with the liquid of the saint.

"Hah, ha, ha......"

The saint, who was now being served her own holy water, had a blush on her cheeks. Her blue eyes were moist but her drooling mouth was upturned.

The source was beginning to secrete new nectar again. She plunged her upper body down onto the sheets and raised her buttocks high, revealing her blushing slit.

She stretched out her finger.

and sank it in.

*Squish* *Squish*

"Ah, ah..."

Immediately, the wet, lewd sound resumed, and the girl's uncontrollable moaning filled the space.

*gulp*

*gulp*

Those around her drink the holy water, making the girl their accessory. However, there is no such thing as a lustful desire among them except for the saint.

This was a sacred ceremony.

She was chosen by a "god" to have carnal cravings. The concept that normally degrades human beings into beasts. Humans are prone to sin, and it is God's mercy that has taken away the sin of "carnal desire" that allows people to remain free from making more sins.

Only the holy maidens knew what "lust" and "sexual desire" are.

Like anyone else, she cannot make those who see her feel "lust" for her.

But still.

They behold her shameful and deviant state.

Nothing will ever match the image of "sin" than to have such a pure and innocent face so thoroughly smeared with lust, to have one's finger repeatedly reach into the private places of the body. All the priests that swallow her gushing holy fluids are staring at her and thinking.

Thank you, God, for saving us.

She is the "saint" who was chosen to show the embodiment of "sin" with her own body.

And by taking the "sin" leaked from the "saint" into their bodies, they had proved that they are the holy servants of "God".

This was the most sacred sacrament and teaching handed down in the <Eros church>

The sound of the holy maiden panting, the wet sound, and the sound of cracking fire entwine.

They may have used the word "eros" but they have no idea what it means, regardless of whether it is vulgar or perverse. They call themselves the "Eros church" and as servants of "God" they are nothing but a devout believers who are subject to "sin."

"Ahhhh, ahhhhhhh!"

She was on all fours, her upper body sprawled on the sheet, her buttocks raised high, her slender white body trembled and quivered in the Pose of <female asking for copulation>

Her lower abdomen twitched.

The sweet, sour, and fragrant scent of the saint's virgin liquid soaked the sheets.

Saint Christina Arnest.

And That is her holy sinful task.

"Haa......."

After finishing her holy duties, Christina cleansed herself and returned to her room. It was a simple room, designed for the purpose of maintaining purity and simplicity. There was only a bed, a desk, a chair, and a modest dresser.

It was more like a servant's room than a saint's room, even if the residence was large.

she lets out one gloomy sigh.

Her cute, melancholy face makes one want to care and love her - but this beautiful girl is not thinking about love at all....

She wears an elegant white robe embroidered with gold silk, and her hair, which reaches her waist, is clean, pure, and untainted. When the golden hair rubbed against Her robe, one could almost imagine hearing the sound of the beautiful strings. She has the face of a lovely 14-year-old girl that still retains innocence, which promises that she will grow into an extremely beautiful woman in the future. But then again, her moist blue eyes and cherry-red white cheeks already exuded a woman's sex appeal that could be described as alluring.

The lingering scent of the sacred task was still lingering in the immature girl's body.

--Aaah, it was so embarrassing.

--But it feels so good.......

She ran her white fingers over her breasts and tried to fondle them. Her still-developed breasts were not something that can catch the eye once they were wrapped in the thick robe. --But the breath that escaped her lips was not one of sensuality but of sorrow. The same thing happened when she tried it on her abdomen.

"I want it........" a sad voice slipped out.

"That feels nice, but it's not enough..."

Christina began to roll up the hem of her robe. The girl's legs are thin. The cloth covering it was as white as the robe, but more exquisite and decorated with intricate patterns of gold threads like a work of art. The girl's fingers crawled along her thigh. Her tender fingers plucked at the silk- a touch that she herself thought was disgusting.

"No, I can't, I can't feel it......."

Sadly, the girl's slender fingertips slip and crawl to the place where she is supposed to feel pleasure. But it does not give her the sensation she desires. She feels a sense of immorality from doing something so immodest at first, but the heightened excitement only makes the sadness worse.

There, it was protected by holy underwear which could be described as saintly.

In order for her to give her holy duty, she had to accumulate feeling and release it. Currently, there was no burning passion that consumed and made her writhe. But because of this, the existence of something smoldering deep in her is becoming more and more apparent........

A holy relic. The <holy underwear> and <holy bra> were woven from sacred cloth, designed to block out sexual stimulation to the wearer and to discourage any indecent behavior except when it was permitted. -She wears them -- she was forced to wear them. So that she won't be carried away by her carnal desires, as a saint chosen by the god Eros, she has to carry the flame of lust in her body.

She is unable to release the heat until she is undressed by the Pope personally during the ritual. Underneath her body, the sacred chamber was tormented by a constant hunger for pleasure - she was not allowed to undress even for bathing or excretion.

The relic always kept her clean regularly applying 【Clean】 and 【Purification】on her. There are rumors that the saint never uses the restroom, a notion that praises her hygiene and is undoubtedly correct in the fact that she does not.

She pondered what their response would be if they discovered that, as a sort of retaliation, she has gotten into the habit of releasing it during an important ceremony?

"Aah!"

Christina groaned sadly and touched the center of her "holy underwear." even though she knew it was futile. She wants to do it, She wants to do it so much, she can't stand it.

With her inexperienced body, the Holy Maiden of the Eros church burns herself in a lustful flame.

Then, suddenly, an epiphany came to her.

A message - a prophecy from "God".

She hurriedly adjusted her dress and kneeled down. Her heart, which had been fogged with pink mist is now clear.

"Yes, everything is according to the will of Lord Eros."

Saint Christina Arnest rose to her feet in reverence. She is no longer a young woman struggling over her "carnal passions," but an Eros church saint, an earthly servant of the god Eros. Her beautiful blue eyes now focused on a mission from "God."

"I will find those whose origins are related to Eros right away."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Having finally knocked her up, Charlotte's lower abdomen had what could only be described as a womb tattoo.

Charlotte mommy informed me that the kid required extra nutrients from daddy, so I put a lot more into her.

And of all things, it was a pinkish purple tattoo with "D" in the shape of a heart in the middle and wings.

crap, isn't this too crazy? it is right?

But why exactly?

Nothing like it has ever happened to any of the females I've slept with so far. Monica, who was impregnated may have turned into a monster girl......but it was the outcome of a sequence of undesirable circumstances. ----Furthermore, her body did not have such a crazy-looking pattern appearing after the deed.

"Umm, Charlotte, do you know what this is?"

I touch the mark.

"Nyahhhh, nnnnggg♡"

I can't believe that my child--even it's still a fertilized egg--is already in there.

But now is not the time to get all excited about it.

As soon as I touched it, Charlotte let out a moan, and the crest glowed faintly, as if in response to her pleasure. My penis was buried in her vagina as I patted her soft lower abdomen. I can still feel how hard I was behind that soft belly.

--Hey, this is surely a womb tattoo isn't it?.

" Hyaa......." the twenty-nine-year-old gave out a lovely squeak as I touched her abdomen.

"fuh?" And then she made another very, very adorable sound.

Again, I wonder if my kids will have a hard time if their mom keeps acting like this....

"Desmond-sama?"

"No no no, don't look at me like that okay? I just notice it too."

The question was not, "What have you done to me?" And more like "what did you do to me? (excited)" She was looking at me in the eyes with such anticipation and excitement.

"This, shape......."

She started stroking the shape of the obscene crest and joined me in touching it.

"[D]......from Desmond-sama......."

No, if it wasn't me......! --no? But thinking about it, I'm the only one....

"【Analysis】"

Charlotte Mama then cast a magic.

Ah, I can't use that one.

I wish I was able to use that and figure it out on my own.......and then.

"Fu....fuhyaaaaa"

Charlotte squealed, a mixture of delight and embarrassment.

"What's wrong? Did you learn something?"

"Yes, yes.......wa-.......but, that's.......that's......."

Without thinking, I drew my face closer to her. Because my tool was still buried in her, I felt my head crush into the depths of her on the spur of the moment.

"Haaaaahhh ♡" The lewd tattoo growing intensely.

"Tell me. I'm an incapable man who can't use 【Analysis】."

"No, that's not true.......Ah, please don't push, Desmond-sama ♡ Hah.......De, Desmond-sama is not unworthy...... hmmm....After all, you gave me a child....... and, before that, you made me yours, Un, naaaahh"

It's almost intoxicating to interrogate her while simultaneously penetrating and crushing her insides.

*squish*

Oh.......Charlotte also tightened her grip on me....... I can't stop myself.

"That's definitely true, but what does that have to do with...... this?"

I rubbed the womb tattoo with my meaty shaft from the other side, that is, from the inside of her womb. As the glow increases, the more I get carried away.

*Slick*

"Nyaah, ah, ahhh....yaah, the line is shining......so obscenely...,Hee, I can see that it's enjoying being bullied by Desmond-sama........I'm so embarrassed........" she said with pleasure.

"Now, tell me what you discover, Charlotte, since I already know that this obviously glows when Charlotte is ecstatic," I demand. *squish* --haa, that feels good.......

"Nyaaaaa....But this is you're doing, don't you know~♡? this is like proof that I am now Desmond-sama's property. Oh, if you keep rubbing me......, Anh! please stop hitting my womb ♡"

"But I've never seen anything like this before" -Monica didn't have it either.

"Anh, - hmmm."

And Charlotte's mouth twisted. Beaming and with happiness and lasciviousness.

"So, this is the only seal.......... Ahhhh....... I'm so happy Desmond-sama........"

"hey, Charlotte........we're not done talking yet.......... mmuu, ng, chu..."

She pulled me closer to her seemingly overcome with emotion, and she took my lips. Her tongue slipped in and I responded by twirling our tongues together. As we swallowed each other's saliva, she clung to my waist from underneath in a 【great hold】position and bucked her hips.

--Oh, I feel so good.......this girl, really, she's the best. As expected of my beloved wife.......

I gyrated my hips and dug my fingers into the large breasts that were pressing against my chest.

"Nnghhhh, nnghhhh........puaaaah........it feels so good........ This is the proof that I, and I alone, am Desmond-sama's....... ♡" says Charlotte, who is looking very happy.

"--To be honest, there wasn't much that I learned from the 【Analysis】. Only that this is a proof that I belong to Desmond-sama in both body and soul........and that it will grow if I get aroused........ah! Ah, no! You're thumping my womb again... it's not fair...... It's going to shine even brighter...nuuuu..."

Although it's glowing with a pinkish purple light, it must have been a pale one at first. But when I ejaculated into her vagina, it turned into a deeper shade.

"Geez......Now I ended up being a toy for Desmond-sama too, haven't I? You are such a terrible man♡"

"Your words don't match your face and actions, Charlotte."

I pushed the head into her cervix, shoving it inside her womb and ejaculating so that the fertilized egg senses the presence of daddy. Her cunt wriggled as she squeezed me, milking my sperm.

--Ahhhhh, I'm so happy.

And what makes me happy even more is that she has the most blissful look I've ever seen on her face.

"--I'm happy, but isn't this quite troublesome?"

"It's okay, from 【Analysis】, it seems I'll be able to keep it hidden if I want to....if I'm not too aroused........ Haa.......Desmond-sama's stuff is so hot......... oooh........ " The womb tattoo shone with ever-increasing brilliance.

What a convenient womb tattoo. Besides.

"So you mean there's no way for you to hide it rightnow? "I started undulating my hips with a giggle.

"Haaahhhhhh.......please stop, Desmond-sama.....♡"

Now that s a look begging for more fucking.

"Oh, and later, as it turns out, I really do have Desmond-sama's child in my womb...... *pop*."

"Charlotte, you are doing this on purpose." her face was so filled with happiness as she charmed me with a mischievous, girlish expression. "You can't stop me now, can you?"

"Oh no~ Desmond-sama is going to violate me. I'm going to break♡"

I knew we are going to make out again in the morning, but...

"Speaking of which, Katherine didn't come to wake us up. Maybe she knew we were going to do this and left us alone?"

At this point in time, it seems like it's about time for that potential cock sleeve and anal-loving first-class maid Katherine to come over. But

".......It looks like Desmond-sama and Katherine are getting along."

"Umm......."

The lord's wife tightened her vagina and puffed out her cheeks. So good, but...... scary!

"O-oh.......well........"

I never thought I would be reminded of the sense of having an affair in a place like this. In a place like this, where I had impregnated Charlotte and carved a womb tattoo on her lower abdomen!

My pathetic chicken heart is shaking and wobbling.

Then...

"It's all right, Desmond-sama has already given me proof that he loves me the most."

Thank goodness! I'm so glad it didn't turn into that kind of situation where she says she's useless or something now that she's been conceived! --Well, it probably wouldn't have happened in the first place.

"Desmond-sama, I wish I can accompany you on your duties. Can I dress up as a maid and follow you if we don't have to visit with the lord and lady?"

Charlotte-chan sulkily put her fingers on my chest and started to circles around.

--Aha, that's lovely........

"That can't be helped, I would love to !"

The lord's wife tenderly smiled at her mighty husband, as if to say, You're the one who can't help. But in this circumstance, neither of them could. --Gufufu.

"I know you would say so. Now, Desmond-sama, would you like to tell me a story about your visit?"

Charlotte (twenty-nine years old) pleaded me with a charming expression, and I couldn't stop talking to her while lying alongside her and caressing her stomach.

But as we chatted, her lovely face gradually changed.

"Ah, I didn't know Katherine hadn't told me such an important thing......."

--Oh crap!

◇

Meanwhile --

When the master of the house was assaulted by Madam in his bedroom. In Randolph's private room, Katherine who had not told Madam that her husband had passed out during a visit reported to the head butler Randolph about what happened to Monica, which was hidden from the rest of the house.

About her 【beastification】, which she did not report by using【communication】...

An icy maid with reddish hair pulled up and narrow eyes sat in a chair, facing an old butler with gray hair combed up, with the same color bushy eyebrows and mustache. The seemingly good-natured old gentleman had wide gray eyes that even had a glint of mystery to them.

It was an unusual expression for the old man.

"is it true, Miss Katherine?"

"Yes, it is true."

...

"I never thought that Monica-sama would be turned into a beast demihuman.......even though it was a combination of various factors, such as........."

The good-natured Randolph said.

Although it'd be more appropriate to call him "Gray Hound" now.

Hoho, that's interesting.

He cannot have said such things any longer.

Randolph is Monica's instructor. And he regularly goes to Moiré to train the villagers. With his observations and interactions, he might notice it from Monica.

"I won't tell anyone in the village."

But it is not something that can be hidden easily. At any moment, she might blurt out something even now, for example.

"Is Desmond-sama's offspring doing well? I hope there are no aftereffects from that time."

If you ask Monica anything like that, she may easily reveal it if you dig deeper. Monica is honest and still blushes when she thinking of that time after all.

If she tried to keep the matter from Randolph, it would be exposed anyway, and if Randolph started to investigate on his own, the situation might progress without her knowledge. Not only that, but Katherine thought that if she reported it honestly, the situation may be changed around for the better.

Monica's 【beastification】 was probably an interesting topic to Randolph.

--Interesting.

Even though she had been raised as the second daughter's maid of the old noble Terrace house and also knowledgeable in magic and actual combat, but it cannot compare to the "Gray Hound".

By informing him, his interest in Desmond would grow, and if anything were to happen to Monica in the future, she might want his assistance and might not be ready to manage it without him. At that point, he might be able to take appropriate action.

Katherine was sure he would be able to handle the situation.

But this "Gray Hound" is quite scary.

He nodded his head in contemplation. One wondered what he was thinking about and what he had decided. He's still the same veteran gentleman, but by the look in his eyes, his act has changed completely.

"I thank you for your report." the old butler stated quietly, "I will accept this. I will not make things worse for Desmond-sama, nor for Monica-sama."

"I thank you for your kindness." the maid's white brim shifted.

Katherine did not receive a concrete response, but to Katherine, it seems like a trustworthy word. The old man may be a crook, but he is still a knight. The words he spoke could not be faulted. Besides--

She had come to believe that he and she share the same feelings, despite the differences in their nature. Perhaps it's totally wrong. However, She could not help but think that.

"But, Miss Katherine, your face is finer today." said the old man, his face breaking into a smile.

Katherine couldn't help but tilt her head.

"- fine, sir?"

The old gentleman nodded. "Your expression is softer, I wonder if it's something about Desmond-sama?"

"----"

In fact--There was --

She was sucked and gulped down a lot of him, had my butt slapped, fucked silly, and stuffed to the brim.

"............ yes." the maid's cheeks were lightly flushed. Even if it remains almost expressionless. "Master is quite a sinful and terrible man."

"--Hmm." the old butler raised his bushy eyebrow, "Hoho, -- interesting. Then I wonder if it won't be long before Miss Katherine has a child."

"That would be--"

Katherine paused for a moment.

"The madam is not pregnant yet."

"--Hmmm, yes. That's a bit impolite of me. But at my age, I am looking forward to the birth of a new generation. I would appreciate it if you could pass it off as the ramblings of an old man."

"I'm afraid I must refuse."

"- why"

This was impolite of her since this was her master's chief butler, or rather his guardian from ish family, and a man who had been knighted and given a title of a nobleman.

But Randolph seemed very amused.

"It will be more interesting that way, and - you never know what the future will bring after all."

"Ho!"

Randolph's mouth twisted.

"Hoho. Indeed, indeed, you are right. Never know what the future will bring. You've got one over on me. -The future of an old man with not much time left and a maiden are different, or should I say, a maiden in love?"

"That's just my thinking." Katherine bowed her head.

Politely, gracefully.

"Hoho, hohoho."

The elderly man's cheerful voice that filled Randolph's room didn't stop for quite a while. However, it was true that no one could predict the future.

The next morning, expecting The lord's wife to have sex with her husband, Katherine had done a marvelous job in telling the other servants to refrain from calling on the two of them. However, She has no idea that the husband had told his wife in pillow talk that he had fallen ill there. When the wife looks upset, he made an excuse that Katherine was just trying not to worry Charlotte. But how she'll handle it?

Katherine has no idea what the future will bring.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Katherine, I assume you're prepared?"

Charlotte said. She is now in the lord's bedroom. It is midday after lunch, but somehow I can't help but feel a chill in the air. —Katherine, Charlotte's personal maid, sat in the w-position on the lord's bed, which was slightly larger than a normal bed. She's in her maid's uniform and taking off her shoes at the request of The Madam.

She is a maid with lovely, graceful features. Her brown eyes are nearly expressionless as always, yet there seems to be a hint of anticipation in them.

But now it's not the time to think about her beauty.

As for why she's in this state.

"Excuse me." She said, and then followed the commands.

"Take off your shoes."

"Get on the bed."

Now back to the presence...

"Prepared.....?"

Then, Katherine's narrowed eyes turn to me.

I quickly averted my eyes. I am thrilled and excited about Charlotte's punishment, but as the one who caused this situation, there was no way I can look at the first-rate maid with her superb "sense intent" skills...

".....If I have done anything that displeased The lord's wife, I am happy to do anything to compensate."

While seating, the first-class maid bowed. Gracefully and condescendingly.

The white brim flutters over her reddish hair, which is tied up in an updo.

But she seems to be enjoying it.

And there is no way Charlotte doesn't notice this.

Hmmm...

She creased her brow and said.

"You don't appear to be sorry, you didn't notify me about Desmond-sama had gotten ill during the trip - It seems like you still don't know your place."

That's right, this morning I slipped during pillow talk, and because of that, she found out about the fact that her husband had been unwell during the trip, and Katherine had played a role in it without informing her...well, the fault does not rest solely with Katherine. I mean, it's really entirely my fault!

Not only that, but I told her a lot more.

--what? There's no reason to keep it secret!

I told her about Katherine's blowjob and anal, about my cousin (imaginary) Monica. But I kept quiet about the fact that I made her grow dog ears and tail.

--I want to keep it secret, but......

"So, dog's ears and tail.....I don't think its really possible, but...."

"Eh!?" that's all I can utter.

"As I thought. That wasn't a dream after all."

Apparently, my wife awakened the ability to mentally linked with me when that tattoo appeared - so it means that she was able to know about her husband's adultery act right away.......It's good that I told her the truth....... If I half-heartedly concealed it or lied about it then.....

--*shiver*!

"......While left me to stay at home,.....all those time......You and Katherine.....in the carriage.............."

--This is when the punishment comes in, isn't it?

"Um....... Charlotte, please be gentle, will you?"

"Of course. Please don't worry, Desmond-sama. I have no intention of hurting Katherine. Also, Desmond-sama will be very pleased with the punishment.

--Yes, please, please punish me to your heart's content!

As for how are we in this situation..

We both had a late breakfast this morning, then I do my official duties as always.

I'm dealing with necessary paperwork as usual with Charlotte and Katherine in the office, and for some reason, Liz brought them to me herself with her typical scary-looking eyes, despite the fact that they are usually brought in before I got into the room. After finishing the task, my wife quickly brought Katherine into my room in the afternoon.

The lord's wife was most likely planning some sort of punishment during all those time in the office, but the way she acted as if nothing had occurred reminded me of how frightening women can be.

And now.

"Roll up your skirt, Katherine."

The wife, who typically has an image of a young girl with her flowing platinum blonde hair and huge green eyes, suddenly oozing with a mature sex appeal. She's dressed in a white gown that reveals a portion of her skin and has her huge breast pushed up. Aside from that, she looks elegant and graceful.

"...... Yes."

The first-class maid on the bed begins to raise her skirt.

Her appearance is as cold and beautiful as ever, with narrowed brown eyes, and a faint blush around them - although it is the result of an adulterous trip with her Master, I, the said foolish Master, cannot help but feel something in my trousers stiffens.

Then Charlotte-sama's white cheeks are blushing like a blooming rose.

"Katherine, why did you wear such underwear?"

Even I froze at that.

My goodness, Katherine is wearing tiny little black lingerie! Her red pubic hairs peeking out slightly from the top of it, this is too much. And on top of that, she still wears white socks and a garter belt.

--You are doing a good job.

Then, the maid's brown eyes sent me a meaningful glance.......

Master and the maid communicate with each other with their eyes.

"Desmond-sama ordered you to do this?"

"No, I didn't!"

"No, I chose to do this myself." said the maid.

Fuu.

"I improvised by using undergarment with string and small piece of cloth. I heard that the sexual technique also has some things related to underwear - It seems like master seemed to like it. I am relieved."

--No, no, no, I'm not relieved at all.

Geez.

Now the emerald eyes fixed on me.

"N, no, I mean......."

"To have only Katherine learn such a thing. How sneaky......."

"............ uh........"

Then Katherine chimes in. "Master planned to teach me about the art of lingerie. I was intending on contacting a lingerie store and having them design the underwear to his liking."

"Count me in too!"

Even her sheer energy is so cute.....

And then the maid added, "Of course, Let's discuss the schedule later."

"Fufu, I'm looking forward to it."

"Thank you very much."

While undergoing the supposed punishment, The wife and the first-class maid are having a conversation on the bed. The maid then gently bowed her head while still keeping her skirt up. Exposing her small black string undies with red pubic hair peeking out—

-- *Puff*! (vomiting blood) I also probably have a nosebleed right now. But, despite the Lord of the house's distress, the two of them start to enjoy each other's company.

Then.

Cough.

The Madam coughed once.

--So cute.

But it's not the time to think about that.

"Then you don't need to wear your old underwear anymore."

"Eh?"

I exclaimed. Un--un, Even though it's isn't necessary, my wife climbed onto the bed in front of me, directly facing my blue eyes.

*swish*

The maid tugged on the thread of her black panties, which had been modified especially for her master.

Her red pubic hairs are now fully visible.

"My my, Katherine, you are already leaking your shameful juices. You must adore your "master" very much."

"Yes........that's correct........"

"Oh"

--Umm, this, this is okay, right? I'm taking so much mental damage here. She even went out of her way by using the word "master" to imitate Katherine. As for me, the cause of all evil, I am willing to act as Katherine's shield and endure a naughty punishment from The wife all by myself - and if she really wants to hurt Katherine, I will........no.

"Do you choose Katherine over me, Desmond-sama?"

If she said that to me, I wouldn't be able to take sides!

My balance swings between fear, subservience, and chivalry. You can say it's a three-way battle.

If I choose one side, I might lose the other. Still, only my core continues to stand erect splendidly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Dear Katherine, I haven't seen you in a little while, and you've already become this naughty?"

My beloved wife spread her maid's legs, pulled her skirt high, and buried her face between her silky thighs.

Deep inside, I was horrified, but the sight of these two gorgeous women who had grown up together since childhood doing this is so perverse that I couldn't help but stare at them, the tip of my crotch is beginning to ooze with precum.

"Hmmm, looked at you, you're already this wet."

"Ahh......Mistress......."

"Oh, you feel embarrassed? I even kissed and touched your breasts last time, but Katherine didn't seem to be bothered at all - the only thing you feel ashamed about was when I examined your urethra, but it's not the same like this one wasn't it? What exactly did Desmond-sama do to you I wonder?"

"Ah!"

--Wow........

Charlotte yanked on Katherine's crimson pubic hair. Even though she didn't use enough force to pull it out, it appears that the stimulation worked quite well.

The maid's narrow eyes looked at me as if appealing to me for something.

The only thing the lord can do is avert his eyes.

--I'm sorry, I spewed it all out.......

Of course, a first-class maid notices this.

"Wow, look at this, Desmond-sama, the juices are starting to flow. She clearly enjoys being humiliated."

*stiff*

We shuddered as we stared at each other. Of course, the wife is able to catch it easily.

"Desmond-sama, please have a look," she said without looking at me.

"Ah, ah......"--, I can't resist the voice of a young noblewoman, can I?

I peeking into it.

*Schlop* ♡

The lord's wife pushed the maid's lower lips wide open.

Two milky pink petals. --Oh......how beautiful.......

"The nectar is already dripping-- It's so hot and slippery."

"Ah, please stop, it's dirty... hah..."

My wife may or may not have put her anger into this. Even if she wasn't, it was still quite humiliating.

"Oooh, oooh......." I heard a faint moan from the maid.

"Uh...... Katherine? If it's really painful, I'll ask Charlotte to get gentler if you want?"

"N-no.......I am prepared to take my punishment for the displeasure of Mistress....... please understand."

--Okey dokey, you mean you don't have a problem with it? Do you want her to go harder?

Even if I don't good at sensing others' intentions, but as the Master, I can understand this much.

"Charlotte, let's work together." --- I'm quite a bad person.

But I already know how important it is to be honest and open.

"Yes, husband."

Me from the left side and The madam from the right side. We worked on Katherine's slutty slit together as husband and wife.

*spread*♡

"Hah, ahhh........."

The cold, almost expressionless beauty of the maid is suddenly tinged with passionate hue.

Her lips trembled as a hot, sweet breath escaped her half-open mouth. Her brows slightly arched upward.

"It seems to be getting stickier." The wife's large, emerald eyes reflected an obscene whitish-pink sight.

"Ah, Katherine is getting aroused. Look, the naughty little spot here is starting to twitch."

"Nah!"

A swollen bean is revealed as she lifts the skin at the top of the slit.

"Look, It's so naughty..."

I can't even stand when my wife openly says dirty things like this, but then again.

"Charlotte is naughty too, though it's a bit different. It twitches like this and spills out nectar when you get aroused."

""hyaa.....♡""

My wife remembered the things that I always did to her as I teased Katherine's labia. They both let out a moan.

"It was the first time Charlotte ever play with someone else's, right? You have to be careful, okay? Its shape might change if you treat it roughly."

Huh? Maybe it would be okay with the healing magic. Even so, I must remind her to play with it gently.

Tracing the contours of the twitching vagina, another torrent of nectar begins to overflow.

"Hey Charlotte, What's the matter?" She looked a little hesitant.

"Umm...that.............my shape hasn't changed, has it......?"

That hesitancy alone was enough side dish to eat with three bowls of rice. I had to keep my mouth from smiling.

"It's okay, I'm careful, And No matter how Charlotte's pussy looks I'll still love you okay?"

The lovely wifey cheeks flushed. I'm as smitten by this sight as always. Even if we're in front of the maid's pussy now.

"I'm so happy, Desmond-sama♡... Hmmm, chuu"

We kissed in front of a fountain of love----no, a maid's fountain.

I bet Katherine, the Masochist maid, is happy that there's someone kissing passionately between her spreading legs, the most embarrassing place for a woman. She drooled from the corners of her mouth as she moaned softly in ecstasy.

--She's so happy...this girl...

"Nn, nu....chuu...--fufu"

My wife giggled, then scrunching her shapely nose.

"Oh I'm smelling something naughty --Oh, my? The liquid is getting much more cloudy than before, isn't it? It tastes funny and it's very sticky too....... Katherine is in heat now, it seems."

Katherine squealed, almost a scream.

"When was the last time Katherine made such a lovely sound? So adorable. Katherine always does everything so perfectly...... I've always wondered how I can help her. I am so glad that Desmond-sama has awakened Katherine. -- I always wanted to see how cute she can be."

"Ah, hah, Mistress.......please stop.......nya......."

"Oh, aren't you a cutie?"

--Uh........my crotch hurts...... the Lord gets a special seat to watch Madam and the maid's affair. The pink lower lips and pink tongue interweave, creating an entrancing yet obscene sight as Charlotte's tongue lasciviously licks and traces the contour of the maid's slit.

"Chup, chup, chup."

"Ahhh, ah.......hah.......Mistress, ah.......Charlotte-sama......"

The pink petals twitch and get pampered by The lord's wife.

"Ahhhh!!!!" Mistress slurped the maid's juices, and Katherine's voice lost her cool.

With her lips and tongue, Charlotte goes down on her servant, who had been serving her since she was a child, making deliberate, nasty noises. The female's sultriness turned into a spark of passion, she flicks her wet tongue while the fluids turned white and sticky..

"Here, Desmond-sama, join us."

"Oh, oh.......yes, please. I'd love to."

"Desmond-sama, your tone has changed. —..."

"Hyaaaa!"

*Slurp*

Her cute tongue dived into the maid's honey pot.

"Ahh, ah, ah, Charlotte-sama tongue is.......ah, ah, ah!"

The maid's limbs trembled and shiver while her mistress's tongue wriggled inside her vagina. the somewhat sweet aura seems to be emitting from the maid.

"*lick*, *lick*, *Slurp*, *Slurp*, nggg....... It tastes so, naughty......."

Charlotte's lovely white cheeks blushed like a flower - yet her gorgeous appearance was baffling, exuding luscious sex appeal. The lord's wife continued to torture the maid's private regions.

"His tone has changed.......It seems that Desmond-sama has already given his heart to Katherine."

Ugh, I'm scared, A woman's power of observation is scary.

Although things have changed in modern society in my previous life, but in the past, women, unlike men, need to raise children. The division of roles that established by the evolution, race, and gender differences before the development of civilization, or back to the time before people raise some concerns. It is believed that human women who have evolved in this way have an eye for observation, allowing them to identify anomalies in their packs and offspring instantly.

If you're using it like this.......

"I don't blame you." Charlotte continued.

Even if she didn't blame me, I think there's definitely pressure in her words.

"It's good that Desmond-sama and Katherine are getting to know each other. -but it's just that....I didn't know about it......"

*Jerk* *jerk*, *trembling*......

"Desmond-sama? Can we three enjoy each other company?"

"Yes, it'd be my honor."

"fufu"

Together with my scary, smiling wife, I reach my tongue into the maid's lewd part.

Though I can't help but feel terrified...

Aaahhh, the taste of the bitch in heat mixed with wife's saliva is so delicious!

"Ahhhh....... ahhh, haaaaan!"

With the moaning masochistic maid as background music, who was clearly enjoying herself, my beloved wife and I licked her from both sides. Two wriggling tongues touched and intertwined with each other.

"*lick*, *Slop*, *lick* *lick*......"

Charlotte, you are trying to touch my tongue? --Ghufu.

Well then, I twirled my tongue with her, sucked Katherine's nectar from the source. I mix it with my saliva and let Charlotte drink it.

She, in return, let me drink the mixture of her saliva and maid's nectar.

Tongues entwined, we touched the maid's private part and sucked each other.

Charlotte's tongue and lips and the maid's lower lips.

It is too good to be true! And then I, we, held the maid's thighs up.

Katherine is the star of the show now.

This naughty masochist maid!

The couple tasted the masochist maid's nectar. Then we both lick the swollen clit as well...

"Haaaaahhh! Master, Mistress! that place is........."

We both continue to lick Katherine, the anal-loving maid.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Nuufu, unn, *slurp*, *slurp*..."

"Aaahhh, Katherine, very good..."

"Nn, Nn, Nn,*sluuuurp*...*slurp*♡"

The Lord's bedroom is filled with lewd wet noises. I sit on the bed with my legs spread, exposing only my penis through my pants for the maid to play.

As expected of the cocksucking-lover Katherine.

Such passionate steamy passion pleases both her lord and herself.

She is a maid with a spirit of service.

Her beautiful lips pull me into her mouth, and she shakes her head with a sensual look on her face. Her tongue twirls around the thick, hot meat shaft. The wonderful feelings made me jolt my hip.

"*slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*!"

She even rolls her tongue.

"Fuu, ah......."

She withdraws her mouth to reveal a grotesque, veiny meat rod. A patch of golden pubic hair covers its base. *suck* *suck* Katherine, a first-rate maid who enjoys sucking, drew until only the tip of her master's cock was in her mouth and swirled her tongue around while looking up with her narrow brown eyes.

My hips buckled as a result of the sensation.

I gasped and gripped the sheets tightly as her tongue teased the head of my shaft.

---- and

"Fuuuu, nn, nnuuuu..."

Katherine moaned as she took my cock in her mouth. The groans resonated through my core, giving me the sense of an electric current rushing through me. But this is......

The maid started shaking her buttocks while passionately sucking my cock. My darling is on the opposite side.

The lord's wife pulled up her maid's skirt. - then she brought her lovely beautiful face there and wiggled her fingers into it.......- it's okay! I've already warned her not to break her virgin membrane.

Is this Katherine's punishment? No, I'm afraid it's a reward.

"Katherine, your mouth is closed; lick my balls too."

"Pu~ah."

She let go of my cock.

Suddenly, dropping her face down underneath the wet pole. Her pink tongue licked and darted about.

"*Shlurp*-*Shlurp*-*Shlurp*"

She began sucking on my sags. The narrow brown eyes cocked upward. She then took my testicles in her mouth.

--Ha, good.......Katherine's sucking skill is so good.......

"Nnghhhh!"

Katherine then moaned as well.

My wife's face was buried in the maid's ass. I know she's been teasing her back there, but...

*Stiff*

Her big emerald eyes are staring back at me.

"Oooh!"

The maid's tongue slipped under my ball sack, past my ass, and dug into my rectum.

"Does it feel good, master?"

She lets out a moan as my wife licks her and gives her husband a glare. ――Oh, so this is what Katherine trying to.......

"Ugh..." My chin rose.

The maid's tongue then crept up and sucked my tip, which was now overflowing with precum, into her mouth.

"*Shlurp*-*Shlurp*-*Shlurp*♪..."

"Oh, that feels so good......" I couldn't stop myself from reaching for Katherine's head.

I comb the hair of a first-class redhead maid, which is adorned with a white brim.

"Mmmmmm, mmmm, mmmm.........."

Katherine moved her head frantically as drool dripped from her mouth. In the furnace of ecstasy, my cock shook and jerked. I squirm and scratch the maid's head.

"Fuuuuuuuu, hmmmmm.........."

Her moan was tinged with distress - or, more accurately, with ecstasy.

—The lord's wife had her face buried in the maid's ass. How could she not be ecstatic by this? But with her husband getting so comfortable with another woman.

*stiff*

Her emerald eyes are staring at me again.

Scary!

"Nuuuu, nfuuuuuuuu!"

Katherine's ecstasy was sent straight into me via her body, demonstrating the supremacy of the wife's punishment.

--Aaah, I can't hold back any longer.......

I just want to keep going.......

It would have been a shame to my reputation as a lord if I continued to endure it.

All right!

I grabbed the maid's head as she was tormented by the madam while diligently serving her lord.

"Let's move on, Katherine. Is your throat ready? If you're really uncomfortable, you can slap my thighs."

She was already well aware of what I am about to do to her. She glanced up at me, then I saw a pink heart beneath those brown eyes—

"Nnghhhhhhhhhhhh♡"

*schlop*!

I forced my manhood into the maid's lovely face all the way to the base. The inside of her throat tightened up so much that I couldn't contain myself. I rocked her head. I used her throat like I was masturbating.

"Nn♡Nn♡nguuuuuuu, fuuuuuuuuuuu♡!"

Katherine did not slap my thighs. The maid's lips are getting defiled by her Lord's thick male organ sliding in and out at a searing pace.

Glancing over, Charlotte is pouting with envy.

--Oh, she's so cute.

But can I use cute in this case?

The gorgeous mouth of the usually almost expressionless beauty is now being used for such an outrageous thing. Katherine's eyes contain a jumble of pleasure, lusciousness, and humiliation.

There was nothing I could do to stop my desire. I shook the maid's head. The groans and saliva awoke my dominance, urging me to release my sperm!

"Ugh! I'm close Katherine! I'm going to shoot directly into your throat! Swallow it all!!

"Nnnnghhhh! hummm♡!"

"Oh, I'm cumming......."

The meat cannon clogged the maid's mouth. I am pouring it into the maid's throat. It feels so good, I can't stop. Katherine's face was crushed against my pubic bone, she continued to press her face against mine as she continued to gulp. This masochist maid is too much

The thick, master's seed ran down the maid's throat and into her stomach without her having to swallow it. It should have hurt, but......

"Fuu Fuu"

The maid snorted loudly yet did not escape her Master's cock.

"Desmond-sama......."

-- Oh crap! I was so absorbed in the maid that I forgot about my wife!

"No Charlotte, this-this is......you see....I'm punishing Katherine......" I said.

This pathetic excuse shouldn't work.....but.

Charlotte groaned, still in ecstasy.

"Then I want you to punish me too!"

It worked...

"How envious of you, to have Desmond-sama treat you like that... Hmph, *Shlurp*...... *Shlurp*."

My cheeks are being held by a spoilt wife on both sides. then her mouth..

upper lip.

lower lip.

tongue, lips, the back of my lips, gums, teeth, the back of my teeth.

The slutty slug crawls all over my mouth, pouring her sweet saliva all over me, I'm drowning in my beloved lewd wife......-- then

"Mmmmggg!"

"*Slurp*-*Slurp*." Katherine's tongue and lips are starting to work again.

My hands, which had been restraining the masochistic maid's head, are now removed, and she regained her mobility. The towering pillars of flesh are still standing tall with the help of 【physical enhancement (sex)】, While it is customary for a noble to have much expendable magic power, I am the only one who uses it like this. Nevertheless, it is still sensitive after ejaculation.......

"*Slurp*, *Slurp*......." Katherine's oral ministration sent out a sharp sensation.

"Please give me more, Master....... Master's....warmth...... *Shlurp*, *Shlurp*....... "

"Oh......."--this needy girl.......

I was experiencing a storm of ecstasy. -The top mouth is still being sucked by my wife, while the lower head was in the maid's mouth.

"Nnghhhh, nnghhhh........."

The lord's wife thoroughly sucked my lips, forced me to slurp up her tasty saliva to renew my ejaculation, and then she also slurped up my spit.

Her slender fingers grabbed my hand. And then, to my surprise, brought it to her bountiful breasts. My fingers sunk it as if it were a conditioned reflex, enjoying the faint moan that echoed into my mouth, while my other hand gripped her ample buttocks.

"Nnnn.......hmmm♡"

Charlotte moved her curvy body. She rubs her breasts and buttocks against my fingers, as if she was the one who did the groping. I sucked her mouth as she covered me, her wavy platinum blonde hair brushed against my cheek, filling my nostrils with the burning scent of my wife, I was accustomed to the scent, yet I was completely unable to resist.

――I am getting dizzy.

Even though the cocksucking-loving maid is furiously moving her jizz-covered face....which is undoubtedly a wonderful sensation, I hungrily grope Charlotte's beautiful mounds as I lift the hem of her gown.

I want her.

The beloved wife who bore my child.

"Nnghhhh, n♡"

I twirl my tongue and she welcomes me with delight.

I tasted the inside of her mouth and rubbed her ass with my fingers that I slipped under her underware.

"Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm♡"

My hunger was insatiable even as the woman's passion spilled into my lips in the form of saliva. I slipped down her underwear and rubbed her firm ass with both hands.

and lightly slapped it.

"Oh, ah♡........."

Charlotte shivered in my arms as if she were electrified.

*slap* *slap*

The lord's wife's ass elasticity was transmitted to my palm in waves. I wriggled and squeezed somewhat roughly, I sunk my fingers into her cheeks and spread them apart. I slid his fingers inside her thighs. *squish*♡

It was already wet there.

I made it known to The lord's wife and traced it back to its source the entrance to the woman's swamp, which was so hot that it almost burned me then smeared it on her white thighs.

Slippery, slippery.

And.

"Nnghhhh, nnghhhh♡!"

My head was being scratched by Charlotte as she pushed her lips to mine. She stirred my blonde hair like I had done to Katherine before, and she undulated her hips as she took my fingers into her pussy.

*Squish* *Squish*

The lord's wife was already soggy and wet.

*Flop* *Flop*

"I want something thicker…"

her folds tightened and undulated.

--Kuu, I thought, I can climax with just this.......

--there's no way to do it since I am getting sucked by Katherine right not, But!

"Fugyaaaa!?"

--Gufufu, she's so cute.

Even though she was this thirsty, Charlotte was still Charlotte.

"Aaah, oh, Desmond-sama......."

However, to having her ass on top of my head and immediately beginning to shake it. How cute and naughty of her

"Charlotte, you lick me along with Katherine. I'll lick you too."

"Oh, haaaaan......."

I let her upper body fall toward my crotch and her ass dropped to my face. My nose was immediately blasted by Charlotte's sweet and sour sexual odor.

"Charlotte's pussy is already twitching, isn't it? So beautiful. It smells as good as ever, *lick*"

"Such a thing......hwaan!" --*sniff* *snff*, chu-chu, chu-

Gasping and rubbing her folds against my lips, Charlotte sniffed and began to twirl her tongue around my raging flesh rod.

"Nyah.......-- fufu. Katherine and I are going to make Desmond-sama feel so good together."

"Yes, let's make him feel good together....... Charlotte-sama. *slurp*......."

――Oh, kuuu......,

I want make Charlotte feel good, but if I get caught in these lovely maidens' tongues, I won't be able to do anything else. And Charlotte, whether intentionally or unintentionally—in this case, as a husband I'd like to vote for unintentionally —is making me have trouble breathing due to her huge ass, which is now fully exposed.

Katherine Punishment?

what is that?

I've already forgotten about that.

I am the one getting punished and disciplined.

Her nectar was pouring into my mouth.

Charlotte is drowning me (physically).

Still, I can't help but dive my tongue in, sucking and slurping her nectar.

"Nah, Nh, Haaan... Chu, rero..."

"Charlotte-sama is making an ungraceful face. Master's penis also twitched and moved so happily.......*slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*......."

The lips and tongue of my beloved wife and her servant are entwined and devoured my thing.

My testicles are now tightening, simmering with my baby batter.

"Ugh......"

I grunted.

"Charlotte, move off to the side a little. Katherine, turn your ass over here."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What else can I call this sight other than heavenly?

"Ngg, ngg, *slurrp*......"

"chu....... chu...... chu...... chhw......"

Two bums swing while sucking on my core.

My wife's lovely ass is on the right, with her white dress folded up. The maid's lovely butt is on the left, her black maid's skirt rolled up. Both have the finest ass, Charlotte's are soft and plump, whilst Katherine's are firm and huge. The maid was also dressed in white stockings and garter belts.

--I can't get enough of it.

A milky pink flower was already blooming and dripping nectar in the valley between the four flesh mounds. Platinum blonde for Charlotte and red for Katherine. They were both a shade darker, damp and soggy.

The pedals twitched and wriggled, enticing the male.

"Aah, this is so good..."

"Reroo, reroo reroo......"

What's more, They're shaking their ass on top of me as I'm lying on my back.

The picture of the two beautiful women licking me from the left and right is perfectly reflected in my blue eyes.

"Hmmm, Desmond-sama's penis looks so nice." Lady Charlotte's tongue licked up the right side.

"Yes, a lot of juice is leaked from here... *sluuurp*, chuu..."

Katherine's petal-like lips rained kisses down on the glans.

"Come on Katherine, I didn't suck it earlier. It should be my turn to get Desmond-sama's juices this time."

"I beg your pardon."

"Ohhhh......" Katherine's lips slid down the pole, and now The Lord's wife's lips slowly move. A drop of desire cascades from the tip.

--*schurb*!

"Kuhhhh, Charlotte oh......"

"*slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*......"

Kuhhh, it feels so good.......

"Master, let me serve you too."

Although her cold good looks were as expressionless as ever, and her tone of voice was equally nonchalant, I could tell Katherine was sulking by the redness around her eyes and the little shift in intonation. --Mmmm, no bad at all.

"Chhw....... humuh....... *sluuurp*......."

Katherine licking my balls and stats sucks on them.

"Aaah, Katherine...... ohhh! Charlotte ohhh!"

"Habuuh!"

and the lady of the house had me in her mouth.

"*slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*!"

She sucked and licked around the whole girth of the glans.

Kuh, kuh........

These two females are competing with each other to make me happy...... Will my body be able to hold up?

I couldn't help but twist my mouth into a smile.

Big pairs of hips are waving and shaking.

--Yeah, I guess I should give them a reward.

"Fuuuuh! Nnnnggggg ♡!"

"Agh, hah....... haha......."

I rubbed and stroked their asses. The wife's plump and soft ass, and the maid's tight and firm ass. Both of them had the most exquisite skin to the touch, but the feel of their flesh are completely different.

*touch* *touch*

*sqeeze* *sqeeze*

I fondled it roughly with my fingers. When I spread the cheeks, delicious nectar dripped from their petals. The girls wiggled their huge asses, wanting me to rub them and make them feel more. Now it's like they're rubbing it against my hands.

"Hm ♡♡"

"Chu♡♡"

They both kiss my shaft - the lips of the beautiful woman sucking on one ugly flesh. A stream of male liquid overflow. They both made a cute kissing face while keeping their eyes locked on me.

What a lewd scene this is! --this is incredible!

I'm going to keep pressing "like" until the screen shatters! But this scene should only be burnt in my mind, there's no way I'm going to show this to anyone. Well, there is no way I could do that in this world anyway.

"Chuuw, chuu"

"schrup......"

Fuaaaa....... What the....... two beautiful woman's tongues are entwined around my shaft, and they seem to don't mind it when it touches each other. I shivered with delight as their tongue probed about.

-while rubbing both of their asses.

"Hyaaan♡!"

"Ahhh, haaaa......"

I stroked them, and let my fingers play with the wet petals, smearing each of them with the lascivious drops that drip down their thighs.

The women's desire that is transmitted through my fingertips is so strong that it's almost burning me. The flame lingers on the sticky nectar and clings to my fingers.

I traced each slimy delicious pink flesh in a vertical line. They both moaned in pleasure, and the vein on the pillar of flesh that was being licked became more pronounced.

"Ahh♡♡"

"Haaannn♡"

*shlick*!

I sank my fingers into each honey pot. Aah, my fingertips feel numb. They both chirped and clamped down on me. Their tunnel tightened, and the folds of their flesh wriggled against my fingers. The nectar slid down my fingers and the girls wiggled their asses while sucking me.

I wiggled my fingers, making them squish and wiggle.

"Aha, Desmond........ feels so good........ Hammu."

"Master, Master, you....... nnghhh, nn.......guuuhh."

--Gufufu.

I cannot make sense of their words anymore.

"Hammu, jyuu, jyuu......."

"*slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*......."

Oh..... you two are so good.......

Charlotte sucked me into her mouth and move her head, Katherine licked it and licked my balls sometimes. I was losing my mind, I don't want to lose, so I put my focus on their honey pot too...

*shlick* *shlick* *shlick* *shlick* *shlick* *shlick*

The folds of flesh wriggled and tangled around my fingers. The vulva is tightening, and the sweet numbness is almost taking my fingers off.

"Nnghhhh! Nnnnvuhh♡!

"Fuuuuuhh♡ Choooooo, chubba......"

"Kuhhhh, ughhhh!"

I fingered them hard, but my head was already thrown back. The anal-loving maid Katherine wriggled her way closer to my ass. She enjoys being licked there as well as licking it.

"Mmmmmm, *lick*, *lick*."

Charlotte's lips glide over my flesh. Drowning me in her hot female flesh, it entwined me and sucked me. My muscles shook. My testicles are tightened, and I can hear the beast howling from within my balls, yearning to make a move on this woman, these women, to have let them drink it and fuck them.

But--I'm going to lose!

I flexed my first joint in their holes. The girls' backs arched as they moaned in delight. A stream of lewd liquid burst from the two caves.

"Charlotte, Katherine, get your pussy closer. I'm going to lick you both!"

I screamed like a barking dog as my crotch was painfully erected to the limit.

"Nnnn....... hmmm♡"

"Hann♡"

They sucked on my cock, wiggling their ass, and pulled it up. Then, to my surprise, they dexterously lined up in mid-air in sync and lowered it straight down on my face.

What kind of pervert phenomenal is this?

Their movement almost mirrored, what a noble—no, a lewd mind?

I don't care what it is. What was important was that my wife and the maid's slutty slit and their bush are now spreading all over my field of vision, and the smell of two kinds of bitches in heat hit me.

"*schlick* *schlick* *schlick* *schlick* *schlick* *lick* *lick*!"

"Nyuuuuuu unnn!"

Charlotte still sucked feverishly.

"Huh, uh, ah, eruuuu, uuuuuuuu!"

Katherine wiggled her tongue as she invaded my anus.

I vigorously rub their swollen clits, licked them, ate their pussy - and then plunged my fingers into their pucker hole.

【Clean】【Clean】【Clean-----】!

""huum, Nuuuuuuu~~~~~~♡♡♡! ""

Oooohh~~~~! here it comes~~~~!

*splurt* *splurt* *splurt* *spluuuurt*

I was showered with two lewd blasts of liquid.

While I was ejaculating in Charlotte's mouth. I turn my gaze from under the two's buttocks. From this view, I can see Charlotte's valley dripping and her neck gulping movement with my cock still in her mouth at the same time.

The pulsing flesh was pouring my sperm into the lips of the gorgeous woman who was now holding my cock. My loving wife's velvety throat is flooded with cum every time I shudder.

"......ngg.......ngg......"

There was no way I was going to stop cumming after seeing this.

Breathing hard, I was gasping for air - and they might need it, too. But Katherine is licking my anus, and Charlotte has a dick in her mouth and wouldn't let go. Although she was drooling, no white goo was spilling out of her mouth.

--Ha, is this what happiness is?

My blue eyes become unfocused after a feeling of intense ejaculation.

Then.

"Nnnn, nnnn, nnnn......."

-- F-fu ~oooooo....... Charlotte....you.... you're making Katherine swallow my cum mouth-to-mouth.......

Her emerald eyes that I was enthralled with are sending me a look. Normally, they are big and round, but now they are narrowed bewitchingly.

I was surprised. Katherine also has narrowed brown eyes, but it is different.

I knew it, my wife, dangerous......

"Nnnn, nn......."

Schlub, Schlub......

The shape of Katherine's cheeks is shifted by the lord's wife's tongue. She is smearing it in her mouth.......

I watch the scene, mesmerized. Then I licked off the love juices of the two beauties that sprayed on my face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Huh, ahhhhh!"

*squeak* *squeak* *squeak*

My bed creaked with a voice that sounded like a bug.

"Ahh, ahhhhh! Desmond-sama, rubs me.... there, there, there, more there.....ah, ahhh..."

Her panties had been removed, but her bra stayed, and I was sliding it downwards. Her plump, top-heavy flesh, so full that it was about to burst at any moment was bouncing and dancing lewdly as I thrust my hips in and out of her.

Her crotch was spread wide into an M-shape. Her honey spills when I push in. When I tried to pull out, it clung to me, refusing to let me go........ I can see her slippery and moist inner wall visible between my thrust, clinging to me, just like the owner.

Her pussy opening tightens, the folds of her flesh squirm, and if I push it all the way in, the middle and the back part are tightened♡ with love. When I press her cervix, it sticks to me, as she begins squeezing and milking my cum.

Her big emerald eye drooped. Her lips refused to close as she keeps moaning. She was too lovely. I moved the hands that had been gripping her thighs to her heaving breasts.

Her pink nipples stand erected from her lovely areola. I delicately stroked and squeezed them, letting the naughty flesh linger between the base of my fingers. The whole essence of motherhood was embodied in this sweet tenderness that seems to embrace me. The child in Charlotte's womb must be satisfied with this.

These tits belong to daddy first!

"Oh Ahhh, Desmond-sama, your hands are too naughty. geez♡"

"It's not my fault, you know. It's Charlotte's tits fault."

I squeeze her erect nipples and pull them from the base.

"Ah, ahhhhh! Noo....It's....it's coming off ♡"

Charlotte's hips swayed and twisted like a seductive white snake. A white, sticky mixture of our field was all over her thick, platinum-blonde bush I was penetrating her.

And on her lower abdomen--

"Haahhh, ahhh.......no, I can't.......I can't control it........"

-- that tattoo.

It was a peach-purple. Of all things, it contains my initials "D" shaped like a heart, and even has wings. It gave off a lascivious glow and appeared on Charlotte's snow-white skin.

"Charlotte-sama.....is that......."

And.

The maid had been observing our romance up until this point with her cold and almost expressionless face, - but... We already knew too well her body was on fire - her narrow brown eyes started shifting.

Isn't she cute? --Gufufu.

Once more, the wife of the lord has been turned into a wounded animal. Given the fact that my "chicken sense" did not respond. I was excited and happy inside.

The lord's wife rubbed the skin on top of her womb while grinning dreamily.

"Desmond-sama has engraved it on me.... as a symbol that my body and soul are now owned by Desmond-sama."

*pat* *pat*

Her graceful hand caressed her womb tattoo, which was getting more and more luminous. Although it appears erotic, her soft touch contains a hint of tenderness.

More than humiliated, I was terrified of Katherine's response. I can't help but get a slight chill coming from Charlotte?

And.

The maid's brown narrow eyes stared at me.

"I'm envious."

She said.

"Mmm, Desmond-sama? Did you just swell up inside my vagina?"

"A..ahaha......"

--I can't do anything but chuckle nervously, damn it!

This may have been what they called a "popularity tax" but how could a lord have to pay a tax? Their reaction, while pleasant, was not without a sense of dread. I couldn't help but feel terrified.

You see, even that purple-pink glow of the lewd crest is often the same color as the eyes of an anime heroine character that's madly in love......

-- *shudder*!

If that's the case!

"Kyah!........you can't do that, Desmond-sama ah♡♡"

I fell over and put my face in Charlotte mama's big boobs. I licked her plump breasts while smashing my hips with hers. The scent of her bosoms, her skin, and the tangy flavor of sweat from our lovemaking was irresistible

*rub* *rub* *smooch* *smooch* *smooch*

I sucked the tip of it into my mouth as well.

*suck* *suck*, *lick lick lick lick*

"Ah, ah, aaanh! Desmond-sama sure likes my boobs♡ Hah... please.... love me more..."

Charlotte held the back of my head. Ah, I'm drowning in her boobs...

"I guess master likes big breasts, after all."

".................."--Er....Katherine? I have my face buried in my wife's tits right now, so I can't see your face. Additionally, my wife's intent to suffocate me in her tits seemed to have increased, somehow?

"Yes, he is"

"---- No, They are neither good nor bad boobs..."

"So what about my chests? is it not your favorite?"

--Wife!? I tried my best to say out loud......."Yes, it's my favorite. I like it. I really love it so much.."

"I'm glad."

The wife said.

"What about mine? You've been fondled it a lot in our travels, are you saying that you don't like it?"

--Umm, Well........My wife still pushes my head into her tits, which frightens me quite a bit........."Oh, of course, I like it......."

"I'm relieved."

"Desmond-sama?"

--Scary, scary, scary!

Because I can't see her face, I have to guess her emotions from her voice alone, which makes her voice frightening.

I have no choice but to devote myself to The lady of the house!

"Kyaah ♡♡!"

There's a sweetness in her voice. At least half of it indicated that she was just playing with me, but what about the other half? I don't want to think about scary things anymore!

Man! shut up and shake your hips!

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah..."

As I smashed my hips into hers, her hips undulated, squirming below me, as the walls of her vagina trembled. I started to experience a wonderful sensation as if it is a living thing. I completely pressed against her and rubbed my man's skin against her soft skin that turn sweaty with love. Charlotte also held me, her voluptuous body undulating with sensuality.

"ha, ha"

I am driven to swing my hips toward the last spurt by the continual sound of a woman gasping, the sensation of her twin hills bouncing while being crushed by my chest, the feeling of her hardened tips, and the contact of her platinum blonde hair with mine.

*flop* *flop* *flop* *flop* *flop* *flop* *flop* *flop* *flop* *flop*

The obscene scent wafted through the air, I licked Charlotte's delicate neck and ears, gave her a beautiful peck, and smeared my saliva over her white cheeks. I did it all.

"Haaaaaaah!! Desmond-samaaaaaaa!"

"Charlotte, Charlotte!!!"

I thrust into the woman's honeypot as hard as I could, which was tightening and filled with extreme lascivious.

"Charlotte, tongue, tongue out."

"Ha, hafuuu♡"

"*Chup*, *chup*......"

I nipped my beloved wife's lovely but sinful tongue, entwined it, put our lips together, sucked each other's lips, and rubbed our tongues together while pressing our hips together.

"umuuuuuuuuum!"

The lord's wife, who was being served with white nourishment while she was pregnant, moaned with pleasure in my mouth.

Gosh, this feels so good.......I can do it even if my partner is pregnant....... maybe that's Charlotte's case but still-- Viva! Another world, fantasy world, erotic fairy horny wife!

Ahhh, this is awesome...

While our maid was seeing our escapades, I pressed my manhood against my wife's cervix as she tried to suck me dry and filled her to the brim with sperm.

The torrent of pleasure had subsided, but her amorous hole was wriggling and begging for more, trying to squeeze her husband's semen.

But my wife was not the only woman in the room.

I must seed Katherine too. My gut tells me that.

--Gufufu.

I already use 【clean】 on them, so I can all of their three holes, except for Katherine's front hole--I wonder how nice it would feel...

But I know that I have to differentiate her from Charlotte, who is my lovely and legitimate wife and whom I love above everyone else.

I mean, if I haven't done it, doesn't it seem that the sense of not knowing what will happen is getting worse by the day these days? That is, if I continue to impregnate commoners without being able to impregnate her, I'll have to escape with a lifeboat someday...... (Whatever I'm actually alive in that boat or not).

-- *shudder*!

If I make a mistake, I'll for sure heading for a bad end, a death end.

So, first of all, I need to pour it a lot of it into my rightful wife...

*splurt* *splurt* *pop*

A lewd sound came from the reddish vaginal hole that suddenly unclogged, and overflowed with my cloudy liquid.

What a nice view --Gufufu.

"Ah, Desmond-sama is so naughty♡!"

"Charlotte is also naughty for being so happy about it."

We locked eyes and smiled at one another, and then the husband--

///

Katherine is slender.

Her petite, perfectly shaped breasts are beautiful, with a delicate areola and pale pink nipples. She has a slim waist. While toned, her thighs still have the right amount of flesh on them, and one can't help but want to give her ass a good licking. Her buttocks are big and firm, her size comparable to Charlotte's. She was a very nice lady, and she offered her master the ultimate carriage luxury.

She continued to wear her black bra but moved it lower to show off her white mounds. Of course, her head red hair was equipped with a white brim, the order of the maid. The same goes for the white socks and garter belt.

--There's no need to remove it!

Her legs spread as she lay on my bed. Although her cold beauty was still nearly expressionless as usual, her brown eyes were moistened by the anticipation of an unshrouded lust. her lips were slightly open, she was breathing with her shoulders heaving up and down. Her pale pink nipples were erect, and her flower quivered, luring the man to come.

The petals wrapped in red pubic hairs were like a flower seeking fertilization, the lascivious pink flesh of the inner side was blooming, soaked with love nectar.

--Gulp,

Naturally, my beloved wife Charlotte is the most beautiful woman. But Katherine is also a superb beauty.

Charlotte would be my choice if I had to pick between the two, but if someone asked me which one is better, I really can not find an answer.

Ah, I want to plunge into the hole in front of me and fertilize it like Charlotte did.

However, what I thrust into is her pucker hole, covered in her love honey, making her shudder.

I adjusted the angle of my cock--, I rubbed the glans against her lewd slit, smeared it with honey, rubbed her clitoris--then lowered the angle and.

"Desmond-sama."

And Charlotte hugged me from behind. Two large, plump meat are pressing me *squish♡* transferred a lewd sensation. the silky, smooth skin of a lady. It was almost intoxicating to feel her skin that glistened with the sweat and afterglow of sex.

Additionally, she tenderly nibbled her husband's left ear as he prepared to fuck her maid's rear hole.

She chewed, bit, licked the folds, smeared saliva on the hole, and whispered to him as she did so.

"______"

"----What----that's..."

"My, don't you want to? Desmond-sama seemed to want to do it very much. I feel like I'm understanding Desmond-sama quite well..aren't I?"

I shuddered as I held my pole still. My wife dared me as she devilishly whispered to me, making sounds in my ear that made my brain melt, the sounds of wetness and slickness.

"Was I wrong?"

She asked as she flicked my ear hole with her tongue.

*schlip* *schlip*

*slop* *slop*

The sound of water tortured me, and my wife's sweet, hot breath are driving me crazy.

"Ugh, ugh.......but Katherine's feeling......."

"--Hmmm, don't you worry. You know what Katherine wants too. Isn't that right? Katherine."

My beloved wife says.

"Hold your thighs up and show Desmond-sama where you want him to put it in."

"Y-yes......." Katherine shuddered slightly and

--Although there was shame there, her emotions seemed to be more preoccupied with an abominable sensation of pleasure.

Holding her supple thighs up, her ass turned up, her anus was twitching hungrily, and her upper hole too.

"Hmmm, that's quite a naughty look......."

"Ugh.......Charlotte-sama, this is really embarrassing......."

Katherine's eyes flushed faintly.

-I'm already going to cum from this alone.

"Huh, nn......."

Charlotte swayed her body while holding me from behind and soaking me with her warm breaths. Pressing and entwining her woman's body against mine, makes me feel like I'm about to explode.

"Then you should beg Desmond-sama. What...and...where?"

Charlotte's smooth fingers crawled across my chest, she licked behind my ears, my earlobes, then her tender fingertips snatched my pole away from my hand.

Still pumping out precum, it has her and my juices sticking all over it. She began to work on it, rubbing and kneading my balls with her other hand.

"Ugh, ugh.......Charlotte.......this is......."

"Ummm, Desmond-sama's Desmond-sama is twitching. Even after all he's pumping in me, his testicles are so heavy...... how lovely♡......"

"Huff.."

--This is dangerous, my wife is dangerous. Lusty awakening after pregnancy? Erotic peak?

Ohhhh.......that feels so good.......but, if you keep pumping me like that, it's going to come out.......

"Fufufu, Katherine, if you don't tell me what you want, I won't let him insert it. I'll have Desmond-sama spraying it on you, not inside."

"Oofuuuuuuuuu......."

She rubbed the head. This is dangerous...my wife is controlling my ejaculation so well....... --I'm scared! But I'm also turned on.......

"No..."

Katherine's eyebrows arch together wistfully.

--That's amazing, I'm thrilled.

But what excited me the most was that my wife is so turned on that I can feel her trembling from behind.

"Ha, hah......."

Katherine let out a hot, sweet breath. And then.

She spread her thighs further apart and wiggled her hips with her ass facing up.

"Please, give me Master hot, hard, long, thick penis. Please put it in my asshole......."

Her anus squeezed hungrily.

But my while, who was handling my cock, laughed lewdly.

"Are you sure you want him in that hole, Katherine? Don't you want him in your front hole?"

Charlotte lowered my slimy meaty tip and rubbed it against Katherine's pussy. Her lewd nectar overflowed from the maid's vaginal hole, her juice mixed with my wife's liquid and my cum that covered my manhood.

The lord's wife lightly pushes her hips forward, and my hips pushed in, spreading the front hole of the maid.

*schrup*

The overflowing precum leaked into her hole.

--- No, this is bad, being held by Charlotte like this... at this rate, even if I can't move, I'll shoot it inside like this.

The Madam pushed her hips against my ass, and as she did so, she ran her fingers around my rod, as if to teach the maid's body the taste of a male. Her hole lightly pushed open, her vagina squeezed the tip of my flesh hungrily--- no, I'm really about to cum like this, I.......

"Ha, ah....Charlotte-sama...master... ah..."

Katherine looked troubled but in anticipation of lust. Her face is so much more sensual than her usual one, so much so that I was tempted to just penetrate her in one go.

"Ahh, Master, it's getting bigger."

"That's right. Desmond-sama's penis is twitching since a few moments ago, it seems that he's dying to impregnate Katherine."

"I-impregnate .......but......."

Even I can tell that the confusion on the maid's face was tinged with anticipation.

I understand now.

"Katherine seems to want one, too, Desmond-sama's child."

"Ahhh, that's......." Katherine turned her face away, her eyes swimming.

That face still made me want to ram it into her to the base--

"Ahhh!"

Charlotte pushes my hips slightly from behind, and my head was already completely inside Katherine's vagina.

--Uh, guuuu.......oh, this is bad, I can't stand it anymore.......

The lord's wife also lightly stirs the remaining erect penis that is about to enter the maid's hole. The folds of her flesh wrap around me, as it squeezed my head, the overflowing nectar tangled around the tip.

"Katherine, answer quickly. If you don't, Desmond-sama will suffer. Wouldn't you like to have this dick inside your vagina, having it ejaculate inside you while crushing your cervix?"

Charlotte's breath was hot and wet.

No doubt.

Charlotte is extremely horny now.

In other words, this is the lusty noble lady mode.

The monster I wish I never awakened.

She ran the tip of my meat rod around the vaginal opening that was squeezing me. I can feel my precum running through my urethra. Precum also contains sperm you know.......but in this world where all they did was apply lubricant, insert the penis, and ejaculate inside. So is no way that such knowledge is taught.

I am made to pour my precum, which may contain sperm, into the maid's pussy.

By my wife!

"Ah........"

Katherine moaned.

"I-I want....... I want to have Master's penis, inside my vagina, poked and rubbed deep inside me like when he did to Charlotte, pouring his seed in me, into my womb. I want to be impregnated............."

Huffing and puffing, Katherine's voice was raspy. I had heard her acting like a bitch in heat before, but I had never heard her voice like that, it's like she is fighting against her emotions with her rational mind.

"-----fufu"

I heard Charlotte's voice in my ear.

"Desmond-sama seems to agree. I can feel your dick swell up in my hand."

--Well, yes, that's true. But...

The lord's wife is holding my penis in her hand, which is about to be inserted into a maid who says she wants to be impregnated. but somehow, isn't this really, really scary!?

However, men are idiots, getting more and more aroused and hard by the bitch who wants to be bred. Pouring my precum into the maid's vagina, I longer able to keep myself from squirming and moving my hips.

"Well--"

The wife gently pushed her hips forward. *Squish* and the female juice overflowed.

"Ahh!"

Katherine moaned, but then said with a strained voice.

"But! Not now, not yet! Not before Charlotte-sama got pregnant!"

"I am pregnant, you know?"

"Fu~eh?"

Katherine said with a tone like Charlotte, revealing her dumbfounded face.

--Oh, my goodness! She's so damn cute!

"Ahhhh, Master is getting bigger!?"

"My, my, ufufu"

The witch's voice rolled in my ear.

"So, I guess there is no problem now." Charlotte said, pushing her hips forward.

With a jerk, the shaft pried open her virgin flesh.

The flesh tip finally seemed to be touching and tugging at something.

"Katherine seems panic, is that because today is your ovulation day?"

The lord's wife purred.

-- that face is burned into my brain, I'm not likely to forget it ever in my life.

Katherine's brown eyes widened and her mouth hang open.

"So.... I'll have Desmond-sama impregnate Katherine. That's your punishment....and reward♡"

*Squish*

Suddenly, my wife pushed my hips into her in one go.

The maid's let out a charming voice, akin to a scream.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

--N...no mercy...

As I thought, Charlotte should never be offended.

But I didn't have much time to think about it, and neither did Katherine.

*schuf*

*schlop*

The feeling of breaking and prying open the flesh was transmitted through my tool.

"Higuuuu~~~~♡"

*squish* *squiish*

Instead of attempting to force me in, Katherine's startled virgin flesh suffocated my male organ, as if it would never let go.

"Ooooooooooohh..."

*Splruuuuuuut*

I poured a huge load of cum into the pussy hole where I had just broken its virginity. I guessed that I had been holding it in so much that precum had drained out of me, and instead of spurting out like usual, It was thick, like jelly.

If such a source of life was injected into her vagina. Even if today is not her dangerous day, she will surely get pregnant. It must have stuck in her womb and uterus, waiting for the day to be fertilized.

--And it won't stop coming out.

"Huh, ah, ah ah ah! Master's penis is inside my vagina! ...... It's coming in!.......w...wait! aaah, it's so hot........It's trembling inside me... ahh, I can....I can feel a thick soup pouring into my womb! Ahhhhh!"

Shanking, Katherine convulsed as she was getting creampied. Her eyes almost peeled back, her neck craned up, revealing her mesmerizing white throat, and her pink tongue was sticking out.

The folds of her vagina tighten as her master's seed shoots out into the maid's vagina. Each time the cervix sucked on the head, the meat cannon shuddered, and I realized that I was pouring it directly into the maid's uterus.

"Haah, haah, ah, ahhh..."

A liquid spurting out. Honey mingled with blood gushing out of the junction where her Master's meat stick was deeply penetrated.

"Katherine, are you okay?"

--Well, it's all your doing Charlotte. Even if I'm the one who ejaculated inside her right now.......

Charlotte was leaning softly on me and putting her chin on my shoulder as she asked.

From the looks of it, her slutty noble lady persona seems to have been lifted, which is reassuring -are you all right Katherine?

"Ha, aaaaa....... So much of master's cum is inside my womb....... This is going to get me pregnant.......Ngh, ah......"

As expected of the perfect masochist maid. She seems to be all right. Her body is well-trained. She still squeezes me tight, not showing any sign of loosening despite the fact that she just orgasmed.

--Wait, no, this is not okay at all.

My wife still clinging to me from behind - Charlotte is no longer pushing me and had her arms around my neck. I feel the sweaty sensation of my dearest partner's body. Her breasts crushed on my back, our cheeks touching, and the aroma of her hair wafted over me.

In that position, She leaned over and stroked Katherine's cheek, who just received a load into her vagina.

--Un, I better not say anything, but.

"Are you doing all right, Katherine? Charlotte made me shove it all in at once, Does it hurt?"

"Was it my fault?"

Who else could it be?

Oh well, I also couldn't resist.

Doesn't that mean it was all my fault!?

It can't be helped, let's admit it. --I'm sorry.

The lord's wife push her weight on my back, but with 【Physical enhancement】, I would not have to worry about falling on top of Katherine.

"--Katherine, does it hurt?"

Charlotte gave a concerned look.

I see, Charlotte's first time was also the 'apply lubricant, insert, ejaculate'.

In exchange for feeling no pleasure, there's also no pain.

"B-Blood, you're bleeding........ I'm sorry."

Charlotte-chan (29 years old) can properly apologize, you're a clever girl aren't you? But what a terrific gap from just now.... as expected, she absolutely shouldn't be angry.

"I'm fine, Charlotte-sama....... it certainly hurts....... but this is also a symbol that I am now Desmond-sama's property......"

Katherine exhaled sweetly.

"............You're quite sly. I think I've misplaced my worry."

"Even if Katherine was fine, I heard that for some people it hurts so much when it tears, so you can't do it like this again, alright?"

The Lord never forgets to properly put the point down. With a meat pole still plugged inside her own maid.

"Okay, I'll be careful with other people. But--"

Charlotte's grip became stronger.

What? I'm feeling a little cold. I'd be grateful if it's just my imagination. am I save?

"You mean, there will be another occasion like this?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why your voice is so shaky?"

The way she rubs her cheeks and nuzzles me is cute, just like a cat. But I can't help but fear that she might show her fangs and claws!

"So, did Katherine get pregnant? I don't think she's impregnated yet, assuming she isn't, doesn't Desmond-sama want to ejaculate in her vagina until she is? Although even if she had been impregnated, I know you want to shake your hips and ejaculate inside her nonetheless - and I'm sure Katherine would like that too, right? That is, as long as Katherine is alright with it.

--Oh, shit. she read me like a book.

"Hmm....... master, It's getting bigger inside my vagina again......."

Katherine is in trance.

"--yes, although it may be too much, I would like to request you to do more. Although I still certainly feel some pain throbbing in side me. But being like this, it feels like my body gradually becoming more and more familiar with..... master...... hah..........uuuun....move, I'd like you to resume moving. I want you to ejaculate inside me until I conceive... Ah, again, it's jerking inside me again"

If this maid asks me with that look on her face, there is no other choice but to respond.

"Fufu, Katherine is very honest. Now it's Desmond-sama's turn."

"O-oh..."

The lord's wife was pressing down on me, and I was in a sandwich between the maid and my wife.

--Charlotte-chan, there is no sign of you backing down!

"Nnnn, Master........"

This maid, who had just had her virginity taken and creampied, opened her lips and inserted her pink tongue into me. --

She suddenly remembered, and her eyes turned to the Madam, who was still resting her cheek on my cheek. --I mean, seriously, what is this situation....... It's a mess, and also exciting.

"Is it true that Charlotte-sama is pregnant?"

The Maid is staring at the person next to me, and I can tell by the rubbing of my cheeks that Charlotte had nodded. A drop of tear fell from Katherine's eye.

"Congratulations, Charlotte-sama......."

"Thank you. I really gave Katherine a hard time back then. I am pregnant with Desmond-sama's child. So from now on, Katherine needs to take care of me and my baby too." she said, rubbing her belly lovingly against mine.

"It's a waste of words......."

-unh-unh, it's a touching scene of the wife and servant who have been together since childhood.

The husband is about to cry because of it.

--Unless it's a situation like this!

"So now it is Katherine's turn. Katherine will also get knocked up by my husband. I am sure that our children, Desmond-sama's children, will get along well with each other. The same as us...."

"Charlotte-sama....... yes, just like the two of us."

This, I mean, Is this a good thing?

"?" Charlotte, who appears to be tilting her head, is surely looking adorable with her chin resting on my shoulder right now. But she's too close for me to see it! I also wonder if Katherine, who seems to be emotionally moved, has completely forgotten about me, her Lord?

Yes, that's right, I'm just a seed-shooting stick to deepen the bond between the two of you.

In other words, it makes me want to cry.

"Fufu, all thanks to Desmond-sama♡"

"Yes, I am happy from the bottom of my heart that I met you too my Lord. Please impregnate me, Master♡"

......Um.......

My wife smirks as she snuggles on my cheek, and an unbelievably spoiled maid hugs me and sucks on my lips with a loving look—I put my tongue in, entwined, sucked, and slurp

It seems there's a lot of work to be done......（delight）

"Nn, Nnyaa...... Master is swelling inside my vagina....... Haah, it's like I'm being shaped by you ♡ more, please imprint your shape on me......."

"Uuu...you're so crafty Katherine, Even if I'm the one that told him to impregnate you. I also want Desmond-sama to shoot it out alot. mmm, hmm.......Desmond-sama......."

The wife behind me started to wiggle her hips, and I felt her breasts crushed around my shoulder blades, her nipples erect, and a wet and slippery feeling touching me down below...

"Master, please give me your seed first. I want like to be impregnated with the Master's child."

"Yes, I would love to see more of the smoldering Charlotte, but I have to impregnate you first.."

I gyrated my hips as the two beauties sandwiched me snugly. The maid's delighted cries of pleasure rang out.

And

"And, Charlotte-sama, you said that you are pregnant, so you shouldn't be doing this anymore."

"It's all right. If anything, it seems to me that this child would be better off if I did it. It must be because it is Desmond-sama's and mine. I if the same will happen to Katherine's child."

"Desmond-sama, I also would like a child like hers......"

"Well, I'd like to do that very much, I don't know how to make such a child, you know?"

That's exactly what I want to know, and to believe Charlotte's word outright is a remarkable level of trust. Besides, it might be because Charlotte wanted a child so much.

"Please."

"I will do my best"

I fucked her, crushing the back of her vagina, the same vagina that just lost her virginity. Katherine's folds tighten me with pleasure, this girl is firmer than Charlotte's. Charlotte clamps down on me tightly, but it's like it's both tight and fit.

Perhaps because Katherine has just getting deflowered, the feeling of getting clamps on while thrusting meat pole inside her is amazing.

Oh, they both have such nice pussy........

My wife is pushing me from behind--Charlotte, --Charlotte, you're rubbing your naughty parts against me and making very nice noises.... I can't give Katherine a big stroke like this. But perhaps this is for the better.

I'm going to spread this virgin pussy and transformed it into my shape...

--Gufufu.

I can't help but be excited.

And then, the love overflow.

"Katherine, I'm going to fuck you until you're pregnant okay?"

"Yes, please, master....... chu, *lick*, hhg...... hgh......."

We sucked each other's lips, our tongues entwined, and I made her swallow my saliva. I slid back and forth, slowly turning the maid's hole into something that was exclusively for me.

"Nuhhhh, nnghhhh.......... nnghhhh.........."

Katherine's pleasure moan in my mouth was irresistible.

My wife was also panting behind me.

From front and back, the exquisite beauties latched on to me, and I thrust my hips to impregnate my wife's servant.

Ohhhh... I'm going to melt.

What a great feeling.

"Ah, Desmond-sama........ please impregnate Katherine quickly, quickly........ and then, me too, I want you to make love to me too........ Haaah......."

Charlotte licked and teased my ears as she rubbed her voluptuous body against mine.

"I want you to pour more into me, even after I'm pregnant. I love you, Master, Ha, n......."

Katherine, defeated, began to wiggle her hips, trying to get me to impregnate her.

"No, we must take turns. Desmond-sama will have to cum inside me next."

Which means she'll let us have threesomes again.......

"Desmond-sama, you look so happy. I can tell much more clearly when we're like this."

"Yes, Master's penis is swelling in my vagina. Mmmm, haaaa....... he's about to ejaculate....... ahhh......."

"Ohh, that's right." I said without hesitation.

I was about to impregnate her maid in front of my freshly conceived wife.

"I'm going to cum, Katherine. I'm not going to stop cumming until you're pregnant!"

I pushed my hips against Katherine, pressing my cock against her cervix firmly.

I bathed in the pleasure to ejaculate in her vagina. The pleasure of being desired by the female, the dominance of breeding her.

I'm!

"Ahhhh, ahhhhhhh ~~~~~~!"

Katherine spurted out honey in time with the pulsation of my ejaculation.

I continued to pour it into Katherine, to impregnate her.

Evidently, the baby-making I had with her was similar to Charlotte's.

I wondered if this is what happens when I use the sexual technique - after all, Katherine's face now turns ahegao the same way she had when I fucked her ass ---I don't think it was because Charlotte was around.....But I have my doubts........ but - --Katherine is so happy that she ran out of energy before she had a chance to savor the joy of getting knocked up. ---at that time my wife is still going strong and she fucks me right after that, cowgirl style......

--Well...

"It is... the best punishment.....ever."

She said that with an ahegao face, Katherine seemed content and happy, so let's call it done.

All I have to do now is...

"Haaaaan! It's good, it's shooo good! Desmond-sama's seed is flooding my womb, our baby is so happy! Ahhh ~~~~!"

To defeat this lewd monster!

"You! You bitch! Don't you feel bad for the children to be born from such a mother? You!" The daddy of her child said as he bucked and shook his hips.

Charlotte's nipples are so red and erect red that they looked like they were about to come off, she bounces them around with her huge breasts, enjoying my cock.

"Ye--yes! I am a bitch! So, please give me more, more! Haaah ~~~~nhhh!"

--I'm glad Katherine didn't become like this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What? Lady Charlotte is pregnant?"

In my mansion. Randolph's room.

In the evening of last night - or, rather, today, as the sun was rising - after I had impregnated my beloved wife and then doubled down in the afternoon by impregnating the maid who had served as my wife's servant since she was a little girl. (once again, that sounded wrong to say...) I am in Grandpa's study room, who is my head butler and my father's watchdog and supervisor.

It would be more logical to summon him, but at the moment I have two unconscious beauties in my office.......Charlotte and I took the now-pregnant Katherine to the bath, returned to the office, and then start another round there--.

--But after all that, I'm not even close to being sore.

I calmed down Charlotte-chan, who said she still wanted to do more, really!? This girl... Is there anything that I can do to stop that sex demon? --Gu~hehe. Well, We'll have plenty more later, okay? Then I visited Grandpa's room after using【clean】.

The space was smaller than my office, but it was quite formal with a respectable office desk. When I walked in, he rose up and greeted me with his romance gray hair, bushy brows, mustache, and wrinkled face of a friendly and gentle-looking old man, dressed in a tailcoat butler's outfit. He is a quasi-nobleman with a knighthood, --In addition, and his body language is calm and collected. He said that despite being a quasi-aristocrat with a knighthood, he had not taken any etiquette class. If you have refined your own movement to perfection, things like manner will naturally appear to be respectable on their own.

--Well, shall I teach Desmond-sama?

I almost faint when I recall the commencement of the Spartan teaching that he had dubbed etiquette training.

Now is not the time for that.

Although I'm calling him grandfather, I am not related to him by blood, of course. If only I possessed the blood of the legendary "Gray Hound" I might not be such a chicken-shit like this. However, he had looked after me since I was a small child - you might say he is truly my grandfather. Randolph, too, treats me like a small kid, despite the fact that I'm already a baron.

Nevertheless, he can do wherever he wants - after all, my father is his master - so there is nothing I can do to stop him. No, even if he wasn't with my father, I still wouldn't be able to.

The old man offers me a seat and takes another one that faces me.

I decided to cut to the chase.

Gray eyes with looks that could be described as puzzlement were staring at me.

It was rare to see a look of surprise on a grandfather's face.

Although I did not sense any accomplishment on my part at all...

"Ku ku ku, well, well......."

Hey, why are you giving me that look?

Where are the usual.

--Ho ho.

And.

--interesting.

why he's acting like this...

--uh..... "And...Katherine is pregnant too."

"Really!!"

Then Grandpa straightened his back as if he suddenly realized what he was doing—and I instinctively straightened mine as well. I am well-trained, after all.

"First of all, congratulations Desmond-sama. I congratulate you and Charlotte's child. I, Randolph, am so happy for both of you from the bottom of my heart. Ku ku."

Hey! That's not ho-ho!

I couldn't take that blessing if you laughed at me in such a disturbing way!

"Also about Lady Katherine too. Congratulations."

Randolph shook his fist lightly.

The way he did it was very cool.

"So..."

He put his hands on his knees.

"I assume that's what you want to discuss with me."

"Oh, it's very helpful that you get it so quickly."

--Really.

He may or may not have been aware of my conflicting emotions.

"No matter." he said softly, "Desmond-sama has also been quite fast to act, which helps alot. But—"

I was straining to maintain my cool in the face of this new look he was giving me.

His hound's fangs are discreetly hidden. Of course, it's terrifying when his teeth are bared. When he finds his prey, such as when hunting magical beasts, he raises the corners of his lips and makes a terrifying face. But thats only if the opponent is strong.

I'm not his prey, but simply being in his presence makes me feel a bit chilled.

It's more like this man is contemplating how to slay his victim. Instead of savoring the clash of might, his mind is focused on killing his opponent with certainty.

"Desmond-sama, please allow me to send a letter to your father. Charlotte-sama will do the same for Earl Terraces --There is no need for you to get involved in these miscellaneous affairs."

Oh! How Helpful.

As expected of <Gray Hound>!

"I apologize for being impolite, but..."

Don't worry, you don't want me to do any chores, do you? Besides, I can only blame myself for being impolite to Grandpa.

"I'm sure Desmond-sama is aware of the political factors that led to his confinement to this remote territory, hoping that his unorthodox ideas wouldn't be acquired by enemy forces. Furthermore, Charlotte-sama is also married to Desmond-sama. To end this territory lifeline in one generation.

".................."

--Yes, I'm well aware of that, but...

Isn't it a kind of sign?

"Ku ku, or so they thought."

Look. That ain't Ho-ho.......

"Additionally, she is the daughter of the old and venerable Terrace family, whom the Damwead family would not even imagine being able to marry. And since the eldest daughter has run away, She's now formally Earl Terrace's first daughter, so to speak. thus, she was first married to the heir of Marquess Swift.....but you have done it, Desmond-sama."

"----------"

"Desmond-sama now has an heir, although we don't know whether it will be a boy or a girl. And with Terrace blood as the maternal lineage from Charlotte... ku ku..... Who would have thought that Damwead with its short history could have come this far...... Oh, I apologize. I'd appreciate it if you could keep this from your father -- Ho-ho"

What's with that ho-ho! There's no point fixing it now!

Speaking of my dad. My father seems to be treating this old man with a lot of respect. --So the name <Gray Hound> is not for a show....... a fight against the empire, single-handedly liberated a city...... a duel with an enemy general that lasted seven days and seven nights........ With that in mind, I drop the matter quietly.

I decided it was better not to think any more than that, - um um.

Now his blood seems to be boiling. My "chicken sense" is beginning to set off alarms. He is about to cause some havoc......

Which is not funny at all!

"This - it's going to be rough. Ho-ho"

I beg you, don't sound so cheerful.

Furthermore, his "ho-ho" sounds as though he is warning himself against his own deviant mind.

"Rest assured, because I am with Desmond-sama."

Oh ho?

"No, not just me. There's Katherine, the people of Moire Village, and, of course, Lady Charlotte — perhaps everyone in this territory?...... ku ku."

Before I can respond, Grandpa is on his feet.

His back straight, I couldn't help but appreciate his calm demeanor. I know I'm meant to be the lord here, but this makes Randolph appear to be the lord or perhaps a man of higher standing.

He walked towards his office desk, yet there was no sound of footsteps........it was as if he was not there at all........ Then grab something like a stern-looking sword.......

Pu-ah! Sword!?

Kill? Am I going to get killed!? Perhaps silenced me before things get worse.

No, he would never do such a thing. There is no way that killing me would end the conflict among the nobles caused by me impregnating Charlotte. that, and this old man would is so happy that he would raise his hands in the air earlier.

Even though I was scared of the approaching fight, I kept my hands from trembling.

"Stop this at once!"

It seems that I will be cut down right here.

"--Hmm. You have grown up, Desmond-sama."

Thanks

"Then please stand up."

"O-Oh."

I get up, despite the fact that I have no idea what's going on. Randolph then takes his sword and pulls it out. Alright! I've got to stand my ground!

Then he held out the hilt to me respectfully.

--? do you want me to take this?

I grabbed the hilt.

It's quite heavy.

--But why?

Then, to my surprise, he kneeled down!

--Ah, this is something like entrusting the sword...

Crap! This is bad! But since I already received it, I can't return it!

Randolph raised his gray, clear eyes to me. On another note, it's quite weird to have an old man look at me with an upturned eye, but this is not the time to be joking around.

This---what a heavy atmosphere.........

-- Gulp.

"Desmond-sama, you've done many extraordinary things throughout your life... You have been since the first time we met."

My blue eyes met with his gray ones.

"I have had my eye on you since then. That is why this old man decided to serve your father. There was a time when I wanted you to be a brave man, but I gave that up soon after."

Sorry.

"But you are a man who cannot be measured by my scale. It would be the utmost folly on my part to try to fit you to my ideal."

"--No, I'm glad Randolph trained me."

After all, I'd never faced death as much as during Grandpa's training sessions!

But you can't cure chicken heart, sorry.

Randolph then slightly narrowed his eyes. "Ho-ho, Thank you for your kind words. If I may, I would have preferred to see you improve your magic skills a bit more."

O.......oh.

I wonder why, it's kind of embarrassing...

"Alright then -- young master."

I haven't heard the word "young master" in a long time. I'm 28 now, but to Grandpa, I'm still a little boy who has no idea what he's doing.

"From now on, I, Randolph Steiner, would like to request to step down as the young master's retainer. I wish to serve you, Baron Desmond Damwead, and not your father. If Desmond-sama isn't adept at fighting then, I will be Desmond-sama's sword, be the fangs to slay your foes. If any other house becomes your adversary and causes the sparks of fire to befall on you, I will not spare them, not even the former "Lord" "

What......

The gray eyes that stared at me were not those of an ordinary good-natured old man or hound, but a noble "knight".

"Are you ready to accept this sword? And if you can't, please cut me down right now - or, more precisely, If Desmond-sama can't cut me down, you will never be able to disperse the fire that will fall on this territory without me.

I'm mearly a knight, even if I pretend to be not. I can't stand still now that the sword has been handed. If Desmond-sama can defeat me, this old man will leave this place in peace."

ugh... this.....

"How cunning, Randolph." There's no way I could say no to him, but. "Is this what you call a "knight"? acting on your own without father's permission--"

"That's not a problem." he said without pause.

"After all, even though I am your father's humble retainer, I am merely his "guest." I'm neither a vassal or a knight to whom he entrusted his sword. The only reason I acted as a retainer was because I was interested in Desmond-sama. And now I do not wish to just watch you, but to be your sword."

"...... Fair enough." I nodded, "However, I shall simply wield the sword, not use it. It is my intention to protect the domain, my people, and those I care about. So don't do anything overboard."

"I understand."

And so Randolph hung his head. Reverently, like the knight in the storybook.

I took his sword and tapped him on the shoulder.

I returned the sword to him as he stood up.

--I am embarrassed.

but his help is more than welcome.

"Then I shall write you a letter. And also, if I may ask--"

"Then speak."

Even though I have the barony title, I am still dependent on him.

"Do have something more to say?"

His manner was no different.

I'm sure his attitude will not change even if I am truly his master. And that makes me happy.

--But, what do you want? Grandpa......

"Ku ku, the sleeping dragon finally wakes up. How about we accept the flames wholeheartedly and go for Aldora's frontier? With a land of such abundance and fertility, the subjects I've trained with my own hands, the magic tools of Desmond-sama's own invention, and the......【D Children】 that are still being developed. Oh, I don't mean to send them off to war. But even if they don't go to the front line, they can still use the magic power with magic equipment to......"

No waaaaiiiit!!

Oh no! This sword!!.....it's a cursed sword that goes against its owner's will once it's unsheathed!

Also, "D" is my "D", not a dragon's "D"!

It's the "D" from THE Chicken Heart Desmond!

The world may approve of that name, but Lord 'D'esmond. do not!

Also, Grandpa, what are those subjects that you trained by yourself?...... I never know of that.......

—Hey? When he put it that way, this land is so wealthy, yet it's not even being tampered with by factions, right? And, in particular, the magic tools and equipment......

"Until now, all intruders have been kept out by my 【gray hound】title, but it may be a better alternative to spread the word on purpose. If it were known that this remote and barren land is so rich and possesses such mysterious equipment, and if they were known that Lady Charlotte, Lord Terrace's daughter, is pregnant, the other lords might give a second thought about acquiring information about us.

And above all, about Marquise Swift's face. Lady Charlotte has been brought back from his house due to her inability to conceive - the child itself seems to be born but.....Ku-ku-- interesting!"

No! Stop! No more!

I was very, very grateful that counter-intelligence and information management were being done without my knowledge, but I was reminded yet again that this territory was in a perilous situation.

That balance was about to be broken by me impregnating Charlotte.

I was tempted to simply shove the sword away, but I knew that if I refunded it, I'd be in big trouble, so I handed it over to Randolph.

It's like a new kind of scam.

What's going to happen to me?

But I will protect this territory, the people, and Charlotte. Katherine, Monica, Sophie, Emily, Liz, etc.......

Huh? But I'm just a horny bastard, aren't I? Well, let's not think about it. (or at least, that is my best attempt to escape reality)

As a lord, I shall defend this land and its people.

That much is certain.

I can't help but feel that something more than my determination to become a dad came falling on me at once, yet I know where I stand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Katherine gets up early as usual.

Along with the sunrise――She awoke, rubbing her cheeks with both hands.

*rub* *rub* Her beauty is cold and almost expressionless.

――But.... it feels somewhat flaky.

She touched it with the finger that was wet with saliva, wiped it off, and brought it to her lips. Despite its thinness, it tasted like him. Perhaps the remnants from the night before were still in my mouth.

She sniffed, sucked her fingers, and repeated ――if Desmond is awake and saw this....

"No need to do that. I'll let you drink straight from the source."

He'd have said that.

He has recently embraced not only his wife but also her personal maid, Katherine. Yesterday was the in his bedroom. It varied on the day whether it was Madam's or the Master's bedroom.

That way I can feel like I was truly embracing the maid.

―― apparently.

She didn't get it at first, but she was starting to get the hang of it.

Furthermore, she was being taught various lessons. For example, the art of lingerie or how the maid should behave. As days passed, she was getting bullied more and more.

She never imagined that she had such a propensity.

I couldn't have imagined it before, and I may not want to be awakened if I know it. But now, especially since he has gifted me a child in this womb――

"――fu fu"

She giggles ecstatically and lovingly caresses her thin belly.

The Master's child is growing inside this womb. I could clearly perceive the existence of a child with magical power when I circulated magic through it. I never imagined I'd be carrying a child.......

Moreover, my master's child...

On the same day as Charlotte onee-sama――

――*shiver*

For a moment, her face softened.

This was unexpected. As a servant of a noble heir, She concealed her emotion and followed her like a shadow. But when She acted vigorously as the prince of Charlotte's favorite romance book.

"It's cute"

Though the expression on her face was so not that expressive, Charlotte describe it as such.

Whenever she served as a personal maid, even if Charlotte wanted her to be more open, the line between master and servant was clear, She's stubborn, as well as her facial muscles.

After all, if I hadn't done so, I could easily have crossed the line between master and servant ― and now...

As she turned her gaze down, she saw her older sister Charlotte peacefully sleeping with her face buried in her husband's chest. She is 29 years old, but still so adorable.

Despite the fact that she is my half-sister, her cuteness still astounds me.

And those huge breasts...

――*rub* *rub*

Katherine tried rubbing herself.

It has some flaky things there too.

Last night, me and onee-sama squeezed Master's things together, causing it to splurt all over. She rubbed her huge breasts against my small pairs, we brushed our hard nipples against each other as we rubbed our Master's thing.

Our tongues brushed against each other and twirled. Master also seemed pleased with the scene.

Yes, master.

master really does that.

I started to feel anxious about the size of my breasts and my onee-sama's cuteness.

――I was so happy to see him happily rubbing and sucking my breasts.

So it's true that he believes all breast sizes are equal.

"...... fuh......"

Remembering last night, I rubbed her chest and pinched her puffy, peachy nipples, causing her to jolt. Slightly grudgingly, I stroked the sister's wavy platinum blonde hair.

"Nyah.......dejumon-shaamaa......."

――cute.

this.

"fu......"

I massaged those massive lumps. Not violently, yet with considerable force, in order to avoid being detected, just to take the heat off.

*bounce*, *bounce*

*munyu*, *munyu*......

.............

―I need to stop or I'll be rubbing it forever.

"Fu~hyaa~!"

When I flicked my finger on my onee-sama's erected pale pink nipples, I moved onto my master crotch.

Good.

It didn't stay inserted in Charlotte-sama's vagina today.

But still, today too...... even though he ejaculated so much last night.......

――splendid.

When she sees the tool of her master, Lord Desmond, stands proudly, the good-for-nothing maid's eyes burn.

――Let me serve you "I humbly receive this gift." (Itadakimasu)

*chu*

And I faithfully kissed him on the tip. I love the way it shook.

I sniffed it and lifted his testicles up, watching his mouth slightly distorting.

heavy.

It was said that men could only ejaculate once every three days. Once a day, at most. But he fires shots like this over and over again and makes us more than satisfied.

"Chu, *lick*, *lero*..."――I wish I could sustain my stamina better, but the intensity of it always causes me to collapse first............. Although I am certain that in terms of fitness, I should be on par with my onee-sama.......

Perhaps sexual activity consumes a different kind of strength.

The smell and taste of onee-sama still linger on it. "*lick*......*lick*......"

As if to make up for the time she didn't get to experience it, Katherine crawled her pink tongue over and over again on the meat rod. As if she were coating herself in onee-sama.

"*lick*.......*relo*......"

It's really cute to hear Master groan while the maid's tongue and lips serve him.

―I never thought I would consider Master cute.......

"Chu, chu.......*lick*......"

"Ohhhh......"

I put his testicle in my mouth and licked it before rolling it around with my tongue. I also licked the lower abdomen and tasted his bottom hole. I went back up the pole, and I ran my tongue all the way up.

――Fufu, I already understand that master has a weakness here. Please allow me to help you feel more relaxed...

"Hamu, Jupp, Jupp......"

Master's hips wriggled as I sucked it into my mouth. The smell of semen that spread on my tongue rose to my nose and made my brain dizzy. Charlotte-sama's scent and taste were now gone, and only Master's cock was left to seep deeply into me.

"Fuh, nn, nnuuuu..."

Her brown eyes moistened, and she filled her mouth with him. Rubbed the tips of his flesh against her inner cheeks, swallowed him deep in her throat, and squeezed him tight.

"Ugh..."

Even though he was asleep, Master's hips bounced with the lewd sensation. She took the impact with glee. Burying her nose in his golden pubic hair and smearing it with her drool.

"Fufu, Fufu......."

A deep-throat like this should be painful.

However, Katherine held up her plump buttocks high, arched her back, and began to wiggle her body back and forth, left and right.

The smell of his sex was increasingly filling her mouth. The throbbing and trembling of his jerking rod told her directly that she was making him feel good, and she couldn't stop wiggling her wide hips. Her slit was already soaking wet, so much so as if she peed herself.

And the white fluid that he generously pumped in her vagina last night spilled out, getting all sticky on her red pubic hair, she reach her finger to stuff it back.

"Fufu, nnghhhh, nnghhhh!"

While stuffing her master's cum back into her with her fingers, she began to smear it on her folds. A disgusting sound of water begins to echo, so embarrassed that many would consider covering their ears.

But it only made Katherine's horny body even more aroused.

"Nnnn, nnnngh, nmmmgh..."

A pained moan escaped her mouth. Having swallowed it down to the back of her throat, it is quite literally painful. She snots, liquid running out of her nose, but it could have been her own saliva or his pre―cum.

This is――happiness.

Katherine flicked her swollen labia and toyed with them. She squeezed her petite breasts and flicked her nipples. Because both of her hands were occupied, she relied on her knees to push herself forward. The slutty masochist maid delighted from getting her throat skewered by cock. A self-imposed blowjob.

Inside her oral cavity, which seems to act more and more like a pussy, her Master's meat twitches and swells, seemingly pleased with her service.

It's difficult to resist feeling satisfied when getting served, and by a sensual masochist at that.

"Ngun, nhuuuuuuuu!"

*splurt* *splurt*

Then the maid's slender limbs spasmed, and a stream of desire gushed out under her huge hips.

Despite the fact that I was supposed to be a maid, I had not only not cleaned the bed but also dirtied up the bed. However, it is too late now. After all, the sheets are already soggy. The fresh wet puddle doesn't make much difference.

"N―n―n―nku..."

The maid continued to stain the sheets without hesitation as she felt her master fill the back of her throat and directly into her stomach. then, eventually.

"Pu~ah.......thanks for the food."

Unlike her usual almost expressionless face, her face now looks lewd and debauched.

She stroked her stomach with a satisfied look, and then her soft fingers went to her lower abdomen.

"――fu fu"

【Clean】

However, she only applies it to herself and not to the remains of their lovemaking.

The lord's wife said it was better that way, and the lord himself agreed.

"Well, then, I will do my best to serve you today."

She got up from the bed and bowed to the husband and wife, that was peacefully still sleeping with the wife in his arms. She remained naked while bowing. Gracefully and politely.

A lascivious bedroom swirling with the stench of lewdness, making her naked body with 【Clean】 applied dazzlingly lustrous, even shining. ――Still, the scent makes me feel like I'm going to get wet soon.

Although it would have been deemed impolite to toy with Madam's body and service her husband behind her back, but there is no problem doing it with her sleeping sister and her beloved man while they shared a bedroom.

After putting on her maid's uniform however, they're now her Madam and Master.

Nevertheless, the boundaries have been a bit shaky of late.

――Master can drive women crazy.

"――fufu"

With a pretty smile, the maid bowed and walked out the door. Her white brim left a white, lingering presence in the still dimly lit room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

the sound of a small brushstroke was singing in the lord's office.

There was a faint scent of tea in the morning air, and The Lord's wife's petal-like lips met the liquid that looked like melted rubies. The cup that receives the kiss quakes and even turns a pale color in its glory. Although caffeine is not advised during pregnancy, it appears to be safe for the mage.

A typical situation in a private office. The lord's wife is quietly munching cookies.

The Madam, clad in an immaculate white blouse and a pale light blue skirt, sank her voluptuous buttocks onto the sofa. Her legs, which were visible through the hem of her skirt, looked stunning and gorgeous. She has wavy platinum blonde hair, beautiful green eyes that make her appear young and alluring, a shapely nose, and cute blossoming cheeks and lips. However, no matter how adorable she is, her body never fails to tempt her. Her massive bosom is plump and full, if the cups were placed there rather than on the desk, they would still be stable and not spill.

Katherine, on the other hand, is quite petite.

Despite the fact that the husband claimed to be a feudal lord, he wore a clean shirt and trousers. but his hair still looks as if it has been gilded with real gold, he has clear blue eyes and a sweet, handsome face that looks as if it came straight from one of The Lord's wife's favorite romance books.

It is no wonder that he himself resents the fact that it is so unbecoming.

Katherine is standing next to the lord who is doing his work.

Not behind Madam.

There's no ulterior motive.

A maid must serve her master like a shadow.

--But isn't I supposed to be your mistress?

When Charlotte glanced at her, she quietly refilled The lord's wife's tea while maintaining a low profile so as not to attract the Master's attention.

And then, she goes next to the Lord again.

Kuh......

Although The lord's wife would like to protests, she can not use the "presence block" like Katherine, so she might distract her husband.

Mmph...

She puffed out her cheeks slightly - Desmond glanced at her and smiled, and then immediately went back to his paperwork.

Desmond carefully examines the paperwork, checking for errors before signing his name, but Liz, as more than just a skilled parliamentary secretary, can't possibly have any flaws in her work. So far, this is the whole process.

The lord's morning job is just a mere signer.

And that will be over soon.

The lord put down his pen and looked at the maid.

The maid's skirt was hoisted up with a pat on the bottom, despite its slight fullness. Blue eyes glanced at the maid's buttocks as if to lick them, but how could he think he wasn't being noticed?

The brown eyes think he's cute.

*shuffle* *shuffle*

She slid over to the Master's desk, swaying her hips gently.

The Master's nose flared. His eyes are drawn to it, and it seemed that even the husband who lacked in experience seemed to understand at least that he was being invited. He did, however, notice his wife's large emerald eyes staring directly at him.

The maid's gaze went back and forth between The lord and The lord's wife.

*shake* *shake*

Still, the maid enticed him with her buttocks.

"oh."

*shook*

And then the maid's body shook her maid's uniform. The nearly expressionless face remained virtually unchanged, just only a slight blush. Desmond's masculine fingers fondled the pert buttocks.

Around and around, as if drawing a circle.

――Fuu

The maid responded to her master's naughty touch by wiggling her ass.

"Fuu~un!"

Squish! and the Master's finger dug into the maid's flesh.

*sqeeze* *sqeeze*♡

--Hah.......Master..............

With a sweet sigh, the maid submitted herself and her bottom to her Lord. He knows Katherine enjoys it hard. His fingers dig into her enormous cheeks, which are even larger than The Lord's wife's, and knead them as if he's about to eat them.

--It feels so good.......

Her eyes are reddening and the corners of her eyes are beginning to moist and lowered. Even if she attempts to remain calm, everyone here saw it, even if it was a minor shift that seemed trivial. --that of course includes the Lord's wife. The husband caressed the maid's buttocks in front of his wife.

"Kuu......"

With a moan, he advances to the crack when the buttocks seem to have softened. She sticks her ass out and spreads her own buttocks out a little, The Lord's fingers rubbed and fondled her hips――

Her maid's uniform skirt is abruptly pulled up.

"Ah..ha.."

Her icy, almost expressionless face began to pant and gasp a bit.

*shuffle*

The lord's wife rose from her seat.

".................."

The Lord's hand had come to a halt.

One could almost feel his shame. But...

――I want you to devour me as it is....... This may look shameless, but shall I roll up the skirt by myself?

The maid contemplates.

*step* *step* *pat* *pat*

The lord's wife walked with a stride as if she were walking through a field of flowers, and then silently standing at the opposite side of the master's office desk.

And then she moved her body closer to the Lord.

――Jeez, even though you love me now.

However, it was not long before she felt.

"Ngh!"

An unexpected ambush. The lord's hand crept under her skirt, which was rolled up. He massaged her silky thighs with an indecent hand before tracing her inner thigh. He brushed his finger against the gap between her garter belt.

"Ha, ugh......."

The lord's wife's voice cried out.

Just as he had done with Katherine, The lord's wife's big, plump buttocks were rubbed and kneaded - this time is more gentle.

--Master knows how each of us likes it.

Different moves to please different women's bodies. The lord's wife may be his beloved, and he strives to make her happy and comfortable. but that doesn't affect how he views me as a woman, despite the fact that I'm a maid. I wouldn't be surprised if I wasn't treated kindly......

――I love you, Master. However, if you treated me more like an object...

Katherine's desire has blossomed to the point that it can no longer be suppressed.

""Fu~ah!""

The women's sweet screams merged. The lord's wife's skirt was rolled up and her thighs stroked, and both she and Katherine felt their private parts being caressed. The cloth rubbed against their private parts, making the women more conscious that they were being made to feel this feeling.

His fingers fumbled with each secret passage in their skirts.

"Let's see..which one is wetter?"

"Hmph......♡"

"Nnggg......♡"--Master is so mean. And when he rides me, he gets meaner. Please bully me more........

"Oh, Katherine is probably wetter."

"Hmph, ku..."

Katherine yelped.

――No, that's the hole that doesn't get wet..."Uh, uumm..."

Master is so mean......♡

"Huugh!"

Master's finger crept into my dirty hole. I tightened my cloth and found myself squealing and flirting with his finger as it moved inside my gut.

"Ahh, nnnn♡"

--This is so embarrassing.

Embarrassing, but...

--So gooood.......

"Hah, ahhh......" I shook my hips with his finger in me.

"Ahhh, ahh♡ Desmond-sama, ah......♡"

That sweet voice belonged to onee-sama Charlotte. Even though she is touched later, she is already more aroused than Katherine.

I don't want to lose.

"I'm getting my butt hole pierced ......♡ It feels , it feels so good, master......♡ I, ah......♡ ahhh!"

Katherine had known that the more vocal and flirtatious she was, the better it felt. However, the competition was fierce.

"Haah... Kathryn really likes buttholes. I'm.....hyan♡ Please don't poke my butthole, but....both are so good! Dejmon-Shamaan!"

Indecent. Still, Katherine slid cloaked closer to her Master, no longer outright thrusting her buttocks out. It is the pose of a maid seeking affection.

"Madam is unfair....Master........my front hole, too, please."

"What do you mean unfair, I'm his legal wife."

The lord's wife is overjoyed to have her front and rear holes teased. —She is so adorably good at it while panting.

Master is both annoyed and delighted.

"Yes, Charlotte is my precious wife. But Katherine is also my precious woman. Katherine, you're very skilled at begging."

*Nud*

"Haaahhh! Thank you, Master......." The maid's honey pot overflows with pleasure. The master's fingers crawled in her front hole. raw.

"Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah......."

Katherine's moans become sweeter and more rapid. The Master's filthy fingering made the cold beauty of the maid crumble lewdly. Her drooping brown eyes and open lips squealed with ecstasy.

"That's cheating.......Desmond-sama, please more.....do your rightful wife's pregnant cunt more......♡"

――Did I teach you those words?

the Lord seemed to shudder a little...

"Nuuuuuu! Ahh, Desmond-sama♡ It feels good, It feels so good!"

Desmond-sama was obliged to commit to the lord's wife as she desperately swayed her hips and buttocks.

--It seems that I can't win against her anymore....... But onee-sama seems to be really enjoying it......

"Master, give me your affection, too........"

The maid followed The lord's wife's example, tightening both her tunnel and sphincter and wiggling her ass like her her half-sister shamelessly. She had abandoned her shyness long ago.

"Jeez, my precious girls are so naughty. Fine, I'll satisfy you two. Are you ready for that?"

The lord's wife and the maid were all squealing at the Lord's words. They felt his child in their wombs, making their chests and wombs throb with love.

--Master is truly a sinful man.

Both Katherine and Charlotte are really aware of the fact that they are loved and adored so much by the stirrings in their wombs. They have been made aware.

""Hah aaaaaah ~~~~!!!!""

When the morning's work is done in his office, which is supposed to be a sacred workplace, the Lord tenderly plugs the four holes and causes them to emit a lustrous, dichromatic tone.

*smack* *smack* *flop* *flop*

In the supposedly sacred workplace, there's a flesh aginst flesh sound that should never be allowed here.

"Haaaaah, ahhh, ahhhhh!"

Two ample round buttocks, one plump, beneath a rolled-up light blue skirt, the other fat and plump. The other was pert and shapely under the black skirt of a maid's uniform. Their shapely legs were wrapped in white socks up to their knees, complete with garter belts.

They both had panties that were crumpled and curled up mid-thigh.

It was even more indecent than having them completely undressed.

Desmond-sama grabbed The lord's wife on the right, who had her hands on the desk and pounded his hips. His furious flesh spear pulls out of her aphrodisiac-filled meat and pushes in to make his wife happy.

"Haahh.......master.......not just fingers, please give me your love too......."

The maid on the left, who was not satisfied with just having his fingers penetrate both holes, shook her big buttocks.

*Slap!*

The lord smacked her ass.

"Hiiyan!!! Thank you, Master......."

"Ah ah ah, Katherine really is such a naughty woman........I didn't know you were such a girl....... ah ah ah ah Ah....There! The impregnated room with Desmond-sama's child, please bump it more...... teach the baby about the father's muscularity... ahhh! Oh, oh, oh! I love you, cock-sama Ann!

I don't know that madam was that kind of person either.

I bet Katherine would like to say that.

In order not to be bounced away from his wife, who was bumping her big ass furiously against him on her own, he slammed his hips down as hard as he could--with joy.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah..."

It was possible that this obscene smacing sound was made all by his wife.

The desk, which was supposed to be solid, shook and creak.

The eyebrows of her lovely face are furrowed, the corners of her eyes are drooping, and her large, emerald eyes look as if they are about to spill tears. The lord's wife Charlotte devours pleasure with sweat on her forehead and her platinum blonde wavy hair disheveled like a witch. She greedily enjoyed it all.

"Ah, Ahhhh uuuuh, Deshmhond-shama!! I!!! I am about to!!"

The woman was dripping with nectar as the strong male shaft was thrust into her. It is a devil horny pot that can drown a man. But Desmond was accustomed to having this woman's flesh exclusively for his own use, though he couldn't imagine ever getting used to the pleasure of it.

"Uuuuuuu ohh! Charlotte's inside is fantastic as ever!"

"Ahh!"

Her body shuddered and trembled, she was on the verge of a climax.

And then...

"Fuaahn......"

Desmond let out a wistful moan.

"Ah♡!"

and sank his meat into the maid's tunnel. Pressing his tip deep inside, kissing her cervix, and

*splurt!* *splurt!* *splurt!* *spluuurt!* *spluuuuurt!*

"Ahhh.......it's coming, it's pouring in............. Master's seed is pouring.................ah, so hot....sticky.....and thick.......nnah......."

The masochistic maid trembled and cried like a horse.

Teased with fingers, she was suddenly thrust and climax instantly. The savagery of it all was enough to fry the masochist mare's body.

"Ahhhh, haah, nnghhhh, nnghhhh......."

Katherine bucked and shook on her knees as Master's raging pole was thrust deep into her. A drop of pleasure spilled out from the union that had been freshly creampied by the Master.

――――then

"Ah, ah, ah, ah! Master, master is ejaculating inside my vagina, I'm cumming!............Higuuuu! "

"What are you babbling about, This bitch is getting too happy."

*Slap!*

The maid's back arched and spasmed as she was slapped on her tight butt. her juices flowing with delight. Desmond continued to relentlessly buck his hips, using the sperm as lubricant.

"Hah, ahhh, ahhhhh! Master, please stop.........♡♡ Like this, my vagina is going to break. .......ah ah ah ah!

Husband keeps going back and forth between me and.....Haah ahhh!"

No doubt the Masochist Maid was delighted. As he reached and punished this woman's womb. He can feel that she was enjoying herself more than ever as she tightened her hold on him.

Her insides tightened flirtatiously around him and shook her big buttocks.

The back hole is also in full view.

"Katherine really likes to be punished, doesn't she?"

Desmond stirred her vagina messily. Each time he moves, she gets a rush of electric shocks that numbs her to exhaustion.

"This ass looks like it's meant to be spanked."

"Hiyaaan♡!"

An overly sweet and charming cry leaked out when he slapped her. The master used the maid's twitching anus as a guideline and swung his hips. Those two buttocks are the best cushion. The tight folds of her flesh bring forth the greatest pleasure as each slap invites the man to have more.

While giving the maid his love, on the right....

"Ugh, Desmond-sama is terrible.......You're supposed to give it to me.......the child is also angry, daddy is such a bad man......"

A fertilized egg lamenting not getting semen is nothing short of a horror story.

Turning away from reality, Desmond swung his hips against the maid. Right next to his impregnated wife.

"It's okay, of course Charlotte is..."

*flop* *flop* *flop* *smack* *smack* *smack*

"Oh, Katherine's pussy is superb. You're spoiling me because you want more inside aren't you?"

The Master is pounding her cervix where his own child is nestled, scraping the wall with his tip.

"Ahhh...... yes.......Fufu...... that's right, Master...... anh, I want you to ejaculate...... inside my vagina."

"No, Katherine, even though you want it, you need to loosen a little. We must quickly bring Desmond-sama to the point so he can pour it inside me immediately."

squeezy squeezy harden dick tightly tightly then let out cummy.

What a lawful wife order!

Desmond's hips slammed hard against her, and.

"Kuu, oooh! I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum! oooooh."

After applying the lotion named Katherine.

Pulling it out.

Insert it into Charlotte, and.

cum!

Following the etiquette of making an heir in this world, he blew his load in his wife vagina.

"Hayaaa~~aaan♡!"

It penetrated deep inside and ejaculated in the back of her vagina.

"Ohhhhhh~~~~!"

Charlotte's vulva clamped down on her husband, squeezing him as hard as it could. The cervix was lowering and sucked the tip. *Nuuud*! and Desmond felt even his seed, which was still on standby, are ready and fully willing to spurt out.

The bliss of climaxing inside while being lovingly squeezed inside his beloved wife, but now there seemed to be a hint of bitterness mixed in. In ecstasy, but also a little frightened, he pours his white sperm into the mother's womb, which is already pregnant.

*Splut* *Splurrt*

"Ohhh...... I can't stop.........you greedy. --Your pussy is so greedy, both of you."

He stroked the maid's big round white ass while ejaculating into The lord's wife.

Maybe I'll pour more into her...

--Yes, please make us feel more, Master.......

The lustful sound of flesh in the morning was not going away anytime soon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76:
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The maid walks along the mansion's corridor with a quiet gait that looks almost magical.

However, those steps are a little—

—like after a strenuous exercise.......

After Master had finished his morning work, I was thoroughly ravished along with his wife. I feel my womb, which was already containing his child, was filled to the brim as if he was trying to impregnate me with another child.

The lingering sensation made it difficult for the first-class maid to maintain her poise.

Although I left to check the lunch, Master and Dean were still very much energetic, I wondered how they can be so insatiable and active when it comes to intercourse. I know they undoubtedly surpass me in terms of physical strength, but their endurance for pleasure is beyond comparison.

I envied them, but at the same time, I'm glad it didn't end up like that.

I considered about showing Randolph and others that beautiful performance once―― but I think I'm not going to do that now......

In this condition, even maintaining a graceful gesture by putting pressure on the core was quite a difficult task. I gently stroked my stomach.

Is it normal for that much sperm to enter the womb?

This is certainly not meant to happen. The proper etiquette is to apply lubricant, insert, and release.

――With this, even Madam gets pregnant... And I...

The notion of it almost makes her cold, expressionless beautiful face crumble. Her hand strokes her abdomen lovingly.

This is not right, I'm working right now. But I can't help it. The earlier affair during his trip was merely a fulfillment of her Master's desires, not her own.

Therefore, it is alright.

Despite the fact that I was in a state of disarray and yearning in ways I didn't realize I could, however, I decided to leave it that way. But still.

-I wonder what I might have faced if The lord's wife had been impregnated before the official duties.......

*shudder!*

like ten thousand bugs stirred in the maid's spine - the source of which is her womb. The seed of the beloved master that was stored in her womb.

After putting on the panties, She applied 【Clean】 and made sure her appearance was spotless. Supposedly, her master's semen that was stuffed into her womb cannot spill out because her cervix is tightly closed. Her own juices and his leftover fluids that got stuck in her vulva's folds are responsible for causing this dampness and stickiness that run down her thighs.

---Hahhhh

--I'm not going to be able to work with this.

And then, glancing at the window...

--I was startled.

At first, I couldn't believe it was me. After all, what I saw there was a female with a sickeningly smiling face, the corners of her mouth lifted up.

*pat*!

I unconsciously cupped my face with both hands. I felt the heat of my cheeks on the palms of my hands. I squeezed and rubbed my face like a hamster.

Nobody had passed me before I walked here. If anyone had seen me - I would have died ten thousand times. --No, I can't die until I give birth to the Master's child. I must accept the fact that I might destroy my own dignity, and I must give birth to this child, even if it costs me my life.......

Rubbing and squeezing my face, I managed to recreate the maid's mask.

But How was I supposed to hide my emotions?

almost-expressionless face?

Once awake, my facial muscles are too occupied when I feel the presence in my womb.

--This is not good.

This is really getting in the way of my work....

"Katherine?"

*twitch!*

With the pride of a first-class maid, I forced it down.

"What's the problem, --why are you covering your face?"

The one who arrived with a clicking footstep was Liz Bergamot, the overqualified Parliamentary official who handles all the political affairs of the Aldora territory.

--She is a beautiful woman.

Her silver hair was done in a lovely bun on both sides just below her chin. Her face although sharp, is beautifully groomed. She has stern eyes with a monocle on her right.

*stare*

And then she glared at Katherine, who was covering her face.

No, she is not glaring.

She just looks like she is glaring because she has bad eyesight and this is her thinking face. God knows how much she has missed out on so far because of this.

--Well, it's the reason she met the lord of this place.

She gave Katherine a quizzical look and approached her.

--I wish you wouldn't come.

I absolutely don't want anyone coming here now.

Especially her.

--actually? Maybe this is good.

Liz was in her white Parliamentary official uniform. Although not too elegant or glamorous, the details of her uniform showed the high status of her position. Her physique was small, and the word "small" was incredibly fitting to a fault. She even wears short pants, which gives off the impression of a small child. But her breasts are out of proportion to her body.

Perhaps her body has been deprived of nutrients.

Yes, Liz has big breasts that did not match her physique.

But that imbalance should not be pointed out.

It is not because of a sexual thing. Eros does not exist in this world. -with the few exceptions that tend to propagate. Therefore, it is just an insult.

Those who point it out--face a punishment that is beyond description.

"I wish I can erase my memory"

--That's what happened in the royal capital. Granted, it's only those who can make it.

"What's the matter, Katherine, this is so unlike your competent self. You just stand there like a big goof covering your face like that......Have you forgotten your lady etiquette?"

*stare*

The woman's eyes are glaringly sharp, and her tone is blunt. However, Katherine knew that she was taking her concern for her to the extreme. Because--

"No, everything is fine."

Katherine responded, keeping her voice as low as possible.

"If you don't have a problem, then show me your face. Then explain clearly and logically enough for me to understand why you are standing there like that. okay ?"

From below, a pair of stern eyes with big tits glare up at her.

--No, not glaring.

Just looking.

"Come on, let me see."

Liz reached her hand out.

Katherine avoided it.

"............"

"............"

---whisk!

Liz moved like a cat and swooped at her

*swoosh*!

Completely unintentionally, Katherine dodged.

*whisk*! *whisk*!

*swoosh*! *swoosh*!

""..................""

--Haa.

Liz exhaled.

And then.

"...... I am only concerned about my friend.......was I not your friend?"

She glared at Katherine with her shoulders hunched. Upon closer examination, one could see that tears were beginning to pool at the corners of her eyes.

not good.

This is cheating.

Katherine was internally flustered.

I can put the corner of my mouth back in place. But my cheeks are red... is that enough? --perhaps.

"Okay. I'll remove it. Rest assured, Liz, You are my friend."

She sensed her relief.

But Katherine was even more at ease.

--Seriously, master is embarrassing me. Even impregnated me...

The corners of her mouth turned up.

"What's the matter? Aren't you going to remove your hand? After all, I am not......."

Stop, stop.

Having been penetrated by Master over and over again in the butt hole while on official duty was troublesome, but this ---- is not as bad. Stop.

--Thinking about Master makes my face relax........

"Katherine........"

Liz's voice had changed to a sad tone.

--Uuh.........

Maybe I ought to choose friendship with her rather than embarrass myself. Katherine decided. But if I show her this look, she might ask me why this is happening. --No, she will ask.

Actually? that might be a good thing.

Because now, "that" is no longer a problem.

Katherine was about to let go of her hand.

That's when she had an idea.

If the thought of her benevolent master made her cheeks droop, then why not simply think about a useless master? Katherine thinks of the face of Peter, Charlotte's ex-husband.

*Suuun*

And then, as if a crying child had suddenly stopped crying, Katherine suddenly reeled back to her normal, almost expressionless face.

".......? Katherine? You are not different from usual, but - why? Making situations by behaving unpredictably is unpleasant and should be avoided."

The translation is, provide me with a satisfactory explanation.

"--No, I was a bit emotional, so don't be alarmed. I was just fixing my expression."

"Is that so?"

"That's right."

Liz pondered for a moment.

"I wonder if my lord had anything to do with this..."

As she said this, her eyes widened a bit. She pout, which is more than enough to look cute, even with those unfriendly eyes.

Puh!

Katherine hid her face with her hands. Even Peter couldn't do much to reign in her face. After all, a useless master is useless, and that's why he was her past Master

"........what, what's wrong with you?"

And Liz returned to her normal face and peered at Katherine. But that glare relaxed a little --and turned into.

curious.

Something along that.

".................."

"......I remember that you said something nonsense about our lord, that you cared for him as much as I do, and that you would protect him even if it cost you your own life...."

"I was not talking nonsense."

"------"

Katherine's voice was quite forceful. Liz was a little taken aback.

--Shall I just tell her?

Master has told Randolph that Madam and I were conceived, so I'm sure he'll arrange a meeting to tell Parliamentary official Liz about it. Besides, she is not the kind of person who would open her mouth unnecessarily――,

And, because of the lovely child in her womb, the mask of a first-class maid comes off and begins to show her face.

--Katherine, stop.

--Katherine, you can't.

I felt like I heard voices speaking to me, the hallucinations from the flabbergasted lustful couple.

Liz is very tight-lipped. So there's no way it would leak out to anyone. She is a trustworthy person. Additionally, if the lord and lady learned that I had slipped up to her, they might punish me once again.

this useless maid, someone needs to do something quickly.

But there was no one here who can do anything about it.

"Recently, you seem to be interested not only Charlotte-sama but also in our lord."

Liz, who looked like a little girl in a Parliamentary official uniform, looked up at the fallen maid, who covered her face with her hands. However, her breasts are fuller than Katherine's - maybe even reaching The lord's wife's level - if not for those eyes.

Those were the factors that made her look more than ordinary, but now her cat-like curiosity seems to come forth.

"Don't tell me - you like him?" She asked.

"But you yourself said that you have no interest or hostility as long as Lady Charlotte is not harmed? How is that---"

"I'm pregnant."

The time stopped.

It was as if they had turned into statues.

A bird flying outside the window.

*Chirp*

Then.

"Master impregnated me. I was ravaged, he poured it into me until I was pregnant."

*Chip* *Chip**Chip*

The birds outside the window appeal that the time hasn't stopped.

Her unfriendly eyes stiffened.

"Wha...What.......When?"

Mouth gaping, like a fish gasping for oxygen.

The maid's facial muscles relax with happiness, and she removes her hands that were covering her face - she looks much, much better than she did earlier. With the look of a woman who can't push happiness away.

"Yes, I was impregnated. 【Sound proof】. The lord's wife was also conceived. She asked me how I feel about Master, She then let him penetrate me until I get pregnant. That was the other day."

The other day, in the morning, when it was not yet noon and still too soon woke up.

A maid, exclusive to The lord's wife was impregnated by The lord in the mansion. She asked her how she really feels, then turned her against her husband, inserted it in herself, making him move, and ejaculated in her vagina continuously until she was impregnated.

The story is open and transparent.

--The lord's wife got pregnant too? The second daughter of the Earl of Terrace, the current oldest daughter, a woman with a history of getting sent back home for not being able to be impregnated?

This is not a place to talk about classified information like this!

--What? Is she joking?

So Katherine can tell a joke too.

Liz witnessed such an excellent person who she admired even though she is from another faction casually leaking confidential information in the hallway... The fact that Katherine and The Lord's wife both get pregnant... Wait? Katherine looks very happy and.......

On closer look, one could have seen the loading....symbol in Liz's little eyes.

(like this)

"Liz?"

She's trembling. Awawawawa

"Kyu!"

She let out a cute sound and jerked away.

"Liz!"

Katherine hurried to support her. Then her eyes rolled back in Katherine's arms.

"Pregnent? Lady Charlotte? Katherine?Terrace.......Damwead.......confidential.......diplomacy, domestic affairs.......hallway................"

"I guess she overheated.......was it too much?"

I wondered if this is the best solution.

Holding the big-boobed little thing in her arms, Katherine regains her composure and tries to lift her up to take care of her. In a princess carry.

I have never seen her like this before.

The useless maid thought she is more lovely in this way.

"If you like Master too, you can ask him to impregnate you. Unlike me, you are a highborn daughter. You will be welcomed as the Master's concubine."

She may or may not have consciously comprehended those words.

"C-c-c-concu(sokushi)...kyu"

It's unclear whether she wants to say concubine(Sokushitsu), or instant death(Sokushi).

The assassin maid, as Desmond calls her, picks up a parliament official who has fallen victim to an unintended instant death spell, and begins to walk again with a quiet, ghostly stride.

There is no sound of footsteps.

Whether there is any other intention in her actions.

Only Katherine knows.

--What would the Master's face look like if I went to the office and cared for her there?

"Fufu――"

The corners of the maid's mouth corners raised up, the same face that was supposed to be almost expressionless.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They say that the bath helps to cleanse one's soul.

If you are Japanese - or perhaps Roman, you will understand.

Once you surrender your body and mind to the hot water and let it warm them. The hot water will wash not only the dirt on our bodies and souls, but also the stress, anxiety, and worries that accumulate over the course of the day - even if it was only temporary.

I, Desmond Damweed, Lord of Aldora's estate, own a huge bath. I am obsessed with the baths since before my memories of my old life have returned so the interior is spacious and exquisitely furnished.

The bathroom is fully equipped with magic devices that produce water and boils water. My obsession with baths is so apparent that other nobles have even asked me to provide them one - some nobles are unwilling to share their magic with the lower ranks and often tolerate the use of magic tools for their own luxury. --However, some hard-head nobles only allow their own followers with magic power to boil the water.

Ah, as expected, the idea of the chosen class with magic supremacy is a no-go.

All that matters is that everything goes well and that everyone is happy.

I hope they will take a cue from Bakabon Papa. I know that many people will not understand it because it is too old. That character does not exist in this world in the first place

Having said that, it is probably not good to pursue only convenience, right?

I heard that even Charlotte was impressed with this before she was corrupted by me.

This means that after she falls in love with me....

I used to bathe by myself. Before I regained the memory of my previous life, though I had no sexual desire, I was strangely anxious about it, and I declined the maid's assistance.

Now in the bathroom, which used to be my favorite spot to relax and think was....

"Oh, Desmond-sama, it's so bubbly. Please allow me to perform my duty as a proper wife and clean every nook and cranny of my husband's body♡ who always makes me feel beautiful.

munyumunyu♡

"There is no need for Madam's assistance. Leave such work to a maid, a service like this is the maid's job, after all."

Pururun, Nyuu♡

"Katherine, you've started to act rather aggressively. I hope you are not getting carried away just because you carried Desmond-sama's child. Remember that you are my servant, not Desmond-sama's servant."

"Then, how's that different from Madam?"

"Yes, I am. I am his wife, not a servant. So this is the duty of a legitimate wife....... --fufu..."

Munnyu♡!

"Then on my part, this is a maid's duty as well."

Nuruyn♡!

The lord's wife scrubbed me from the right side with her plump, foamy body, and the slender and petite maid washed me from the left.

It is said that a bath is for washing one's mind, and yet all I can feel is unpure thought.

――Gufufu.

"Desmond-sama, you are looking splendid."

Charlotte's big emerald eyes sparkled. Their brilliance is seemingly innocent, but the thing that reflects it is the tip of a darkish-red thing!

"It's true. This place also needs cleaning......."

Katherine promptly reached out her finger.

*slap!*

Charlotte slaps her hand off. The hand of her only servant that followed her since she was a little girl!

""..................""

then.

Katherine reached out again as if nothing had happened. And as Charlotte was about to slap it away

Suddenly,

Katherine evaded it effortlessly with a flick of her hand.

"............"

"............"

""..................""

--This is bad! Why it's suddenly so cold! This is a bathroom and the bathtub is supposed to be filled with hot water, right?

Charlotte's finger reaches out to me.

While Charlotte is able to brush off Katherine's hand, however, the situation is different when it's the other way around. --You can't fight me-- Fufu. Katherine, a first-class maid knows that. ――To say the least, her behavior was appropriate as an exclusive maid to the daughter of the prestigious Earl of Terrace, a noble family with a long and venerable history.

It was unbecoming behavior of a maid to be competing with her own mistress Charlotte over a meat stick. But to tell the truth, if they are fighting each other like this there was no way I wouldn't be happy about it, especially since Charlotte seems to be enjoying it too - even if it made me feel a little bit cold.

"Ohhh!"

Her fingers curl around my flesh. Charlotte's (impregnated, twenty-nine years old) fingers began to move, smearing it with foam.

--Haah, that feels good.......

"--Fufu, Desmond-sama. From the expression on your face... you seem to be very comfortable. And the way you twitch is so cute."

Ah, cute you say. I am at her mercy. Even if it is Charlotte who's the really cute one and she says that while doing something lewd.

*rub* *rub*

*schrup* *schrup*

Charlotte rubs it lovingly without mercy.But--

Katherine is staring at me. Her narrow, moist brown eyes are sad while rubbing her body against mine from the left - oh, she is rubbing her pubic hair against me Fufu, indeed, that is what is appropriate to be a scrubbing instrument to wash the lord.

"Master......"

Ugh, ohhh, How could the lord not be smitten when Katherine, who normally has a blank expression on her face, rubbed her hips against me with yerning eye?

*plip*

I stuck my tongue out at her.

"Haan♡ Hamm, chuu......"

Katherine started to devour it with a sultry look on her face. She lovingly bit with her dainty lips, chomping, and sucking. She twirled her tongue, undulated her hips flirtatiously.

"That's cheating, Katherine, as expected......."

Charlotte-chan seems upset. Still, I couldn't help but ask her.

"What are you talking about? You're taking my dick all to yourself."

I told my wife as I allowed the maid to suck my tongue. while she continued to squeeze my penis.

Oh--oh! It might get crushed if you squeeze it like this!

*shaking*

Of course, being the chicken shit that I am, I've activated 【physical enhancement (sex)】 as an effort to fight Charlotte-chan's lovely hands - But? What if she uses 【Body Enhancement】 too? Alright, I don't want to think about it!

"Uu~uu......"

Charlotte-chan's shoulders quivered. The vibrations transmitted to her boobs and caused them to jiggle on my arm. She then got a little bit teary-eyed.

"I-I understand...--alright.... I will let Katherine touch Desmond-sama's penis too. S-so.........Hfmmm!----nfuu~♡♡"

I hungrily devoured Charlotte's lips.

Immediately, she twirled her own tongue around mine, pressing her huge tits against my body.

"Mmmm, mmmm.......chuu, chuu......♡"

Spoiling wife while she's stroking my penis, awesome!

Well, let's get some saliva in you........

"Nnnnnh!"

Charlotte started to swallow all the saliva that I had accumulated to make her drink it. Katherine starts to suck on my nape while working on my cock with Charlotte.

A slight sweet bite made me realize that even she was begging me to spoil her.

"Mmmm, mmmm......." Charlotte moans sweetly as I continued to suck on her lips.

"Mmmm......" Katherine licks my neck, giving me a soft, sweet bite.

And I.

""Fuuhhhn!""

I squeezed both of their shapely asses. Hard. Then the meat root swells up in their's gentle hands.

"Both of you. lick it."

Pushing her tongue out, I let go of Charlotte's lips.

"Jeez......But Desmond-sama is my husband........*lick*......*lick*......"

Despite her sulking, Charlotte was ecstatic and twirled her pink tongue around me. Katherine followed suit and started to twirl her tongue as well. The two beautiful women's tongues entwined and fought for my tongue.

--Ah, This is irresistible.......

Even their soapy hands were too much. In return, I rubbed and kneaded their asses, washed their naughty butts with my hands.

Oh, mmm!

And then, I would spread the butt and sweep into their cracks. When I invaded, they both wiggled their hips shamelessly.

I slid my fingers down and kneaded the upper part.

"Yahhh, nuu....chuuu, chuu...♡"

"Master... chu... chuu...♡"

As we clung closely together, they pressed their foam-covered bodies against me, and the softness and warmth of their bodies sank into my masculine body as I rocked my hips and tightened my buttocks. Two beautiful tongues entwined with my tongue, and the two gentle hands lovingly rubbing my meat rod.

"Nfu, nuu, chu..."

"Hah, haah..."

Woah.......both your breaths are getting hotter and sweeter....... Aaahhh, oohh, my juices are starting to gush already?

"Hua, n....Fufu, Desmond-sama, this feeling, is it about time you're about to ejaculate?"

Charlotte-chan had a perfect grasp of my ejaculation signs.

".......it seems so, Charlotte-sama.......master is about to release it, from here......."

--Ohhhhhh!

Katherine rubbing the head.

"Hey! That's my job!" Charlotte said, pouting.

"No, it is my duty too. After all, master is also the father of my child......."

Katherine rubs the head, and her Master grunts and moans.

"Well, that's true, but......" Despite the difference in status, Charlotte didn't want to use it as a shield.

To be honest, to me, the relationship between the two of them is a good master-servant bonded by intense trust. That's the least I can say about their relationship. I had almost no connection with Charlotte before she fell into my hands after regaining my memories of my previous life.

I have no way of knowing whether this is the same level of their original relationship or a change between two pregnant women who share the same man, or whether she is just following my words of treating others as human beings, even if they're a commoner.

So, the best I can do is...

"Hyah!"

"Ahh!"

I dug my fingers in further and teased both of them, wiggling in their slit.

--oh? you two, This place is slippery too....but not from a soap. --fufu.

"Oh, it feels so good.......... mopre....more............♡."

"Ahh, ah, Master, play me.......punish me more......."

Ooh! Katherine is so honest!

I'll just say it then.

"Both of you, crouch down in front of me. Stick your cheeks together, open your mouths, and stick out your tongues out."

Then both of them smiled and did as I told them.

With wavy platinum blonde hair and big, big emerald eyes. The lord's wife Charlotte is a lovely beauty who has become more and more sexy and lustful since she got her lewd crest engraved. I'm in awe of how she can be so cute and yet exude such a sexy charm.

Her lewdness is--too much!

To the left of The lord's wife, from my point of view, is a maid with cold looks. Although she had removed her white brim, her reddish hair, which is usually tied up was also loose, she had narrow brown eyes. -- Hmmm? Even though I'm with them for years now, but don't these two look alike?

Is it because Katherine has let her hair down? Of course, their hair color, eye shape, and color are all different, but the noses, the eyes position...... I wonder if their faces look alike because they have been together since childhood, regardless of whether they are related by blood or not?

--I don't know.

I have no idea, but it's fortunate for me that I thought so.

It makes me really turn on.

Their cheeks are pressed together, their lips open like baby birds waiting to be fed, their pink tongues outstretched like a dog's, begging me to cum.

I ain't a man if I am not aroused by this!

Ooooooh!

I want to do it myself.

It was hard to discard the idea of having them pleasure me and bring me to climax, But it was also hard to dismiss the thought of just spraying it all on these girls with my own hands! Well, I'll let them take a lead some other time.

"Ooohh, uuuuuuuu! cumming! I am cumming!"

Regardless of how blonde-haired, blue-eyed, and sweetly handsome my aristocrat masks are, they all have the same face when they're about to cum.

Whether or not there are two beautiful women begging in front of me. that makes the big difference. ――Gufufu.

With flirtatious eyes, they press their cheeks against each other and open their mouths in delight. Their pink tongues flicked out. Facing these two lovely women, I let out a moan.

"Oooh!"

*Splurt* *Spluuuuuurt!*

I thrust my hips in the same way when I penetrated the back of their vaginas. I continue to move my hand as the white liquid spurts out continuously as if I am pissing on them.

White sauce stargazer.

The lord's dirty lust juices spurted out unrelentingly. The ladies continued to receive it with ecstasy. Both cute and cold beauty, platinum blonde hair, reddish hair, forehead, eyes, nose, cheeks, ears, lips, teeth, tongue, and mouth. Not just face, but also Charlotte's ample boobs and Katherine's small tits. Wait, when did these two crouch down so erotically... Thank you so much!

Their puffy, light pink nipples - yes, I knew it, I think they look similar too... My cloudy white stains slide down the smooth, flawless white skin and their pink nipples, the belly that carries my child, thighs, and both of their pubic hairs, - beautiful pink petals peeked out between their platinum blonde and red hairs.

The pulsation of the meat pole had finally stopped after I soiled the two beauties with my whitewash, but my dick still pointed fiercely upward, like a ferocious fang.

What's more, each of them even seemed to have a heart symbol in their eyes. As for Charlotte's lower abdomen, the wicked thing that can only be seen as a lewd crest was glowing happily in pinkish-purple.

"Hah, ah.......smells......it smells......so good, Hmmm.......haamu......."

"Ah, master, thank you very much for your kindness....... *lick*, *lick*....... mmm, haamu......."

They both began to swallow my load into their throats, which were supposed to be pure and clean.

There is no way the Lord can endure such a sight.

"Ooh.......Charlotte.......suck it and clean it up for me.......This is what a righteous wife should do......"

Charlotte's mouth twisted. Lewdly, lustily.

"Yes, I will (huff) I will do my duty as your legitimate wife. Or--I shall I serve you, master? --Fufu, you are so cute when it's twitching....... Haam♡

*slurp* *slurp* *slurp*......"

"Oooh.......aaa......"

"*schlip*"

The lord's wife Charlotte started by cleaning her husband, even though she herself was a sticky mess. The lips of his beloved wife slid over his stiff erect member, she licked it with her loving tongue.

"Haa, ah..."

I lift my chin up and feel extreme pleasure without any pretense.

And then

"Ahh!"

"Master, please spread your legs."

"Ka-Katherine......"

The anal-lover Katherine-san is licking me. When I opened my legs, she went straight down and began to clean my balls with her lips and her tongue.

All while covered with my filth!

*schlich* *lick* *lick* *slurp*

Aah, I'm going to cum already....... So should I just let Charlotte drink it like this? Or should I just let Katherine drink it.......or let Charlotte-chan keep it in her mouth then let them share it?

--Guuuuh

Ah, I'm so happy.......

This doesn't make the worries go away, and this kind of thing is not bathing, it's making us all more and more dirty and slimy.

However, it is surely a superb healing experience.

"Ugh! I'm cumming! Charlotte! Don't take it all for yourself, share it with Katherine! Ooohhhh~~~!"

At the sight of my beloved wife's mouth full of semen as she shows it off to me, and then shares it with Katherine, my lips slacken and won't go back to their original state.

--Please, may these lewd, peaceful, and happy days continue forever and ever without a mishap.

That's what I sincerely wish for.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fuhaha,

That's a tremendous level of perversity that I myself doubt I can handle.

In the bathroom, I gave them both a cum bath and put a lot of sperm into their wombs.

After that many orgasms, I should have dried up by now, but I was to get into the act in the bedroom.

――But, it's not just me, Charlotte is also amazing...

Although Katherine is supposed to be the most physically fit, she was also the first to run out of steam in the bathtub. Is the endurance point for l things different from its usual counterpart? Like even though she has more strength, her defense is lower so her HP runs out faster.

But be that as it may, The lord's wife is no match for her, she also participates in the evening session.

Again, though, she is the first to succumb to exhaustion.

After applying a recovery spell, she managed to participate in the fight, only to be eaten up. But the recovery rate seems to be gradually increasing, and as a solo pole man, I am more than a little scared. --But, not a chance that I call someone to help me or take over my role (with a straight face).

I won't let any other man but me see such a scene.

To begin with, there is no eroticism in this world. It's all mine.――Gufufufufu.

"Desmond-sama is looking really excited now, fufu."

"Yes, what a disgusting look. So much so that I'm afraid I'm going to be impregnated by it......."

"What are you saying, Katherine? We are both already impregnated♡."

It's a predictable and contrived exchange, but I don't mind watching it over and over again as long as the ladies are happy. I sat with my legs spread on Charlotte's bed. Me, tall, blonde hair, and blue eyes, but with drooping eyes and mouth making my sweet nobleman appearance turn quite ugly- today is the Charlotte-chan's bedroom turns.

I no longer have any dignity as a lord, but when I'm doing something erotic, I can't enjoy it if I'm thinking about being presentable.

"Come here, you two."

I say, not as the lord, but as myself, and the two beauties curl their beautiful lips into a lascivious smile, and lean in toward me.

With her wavy platinum blonde hair and large emerald eyes, she is a woman who is not afraid to show her true self to the world. At first glance, no one would believe that she is almost thirties. Normally, with her appearance, it would be perfectly understandable to say that she is a young girl before her 20s, a young lady with a profound insight before her time. But now...

"Oh Desmond-sama...... mmmm, Chu...... Chu, Chu♡."

Affectionately sucking on my lips, she is indeed a girl who is spoiled by the older man, and her Sex appeal is amazing. Charlotte increasingly radiated so much sex appeal that one might say that she no longer belongs to her age group, or perhaps not the way that humans was capable to.

She had big tits that pushed her white negligee up as high as it can go. Her waist is firm and slim, nonetheless, it is unmistakably fertile. No doubt she will give birth to a beautiful baby.

I patted her and lifted her left boob from below.

"Nhg, nn......."

She shakes her body and wiggles her hips like a bewitching snake dancing. I squeeze her full breast and lift it up. An overwhelming weight!

"Master......."

Katherine is in a black negligee, leaning in from the left, Don't forget about me. She is a gorgeous cold beauty, usually almost expressionless, but at least when she was having sex, her narrow brown eyes turn flirtatious. She let her red hair down. In this way, she looked somewhat like Charlotte-chan, but even younger.

Nevertheless, just like The lord's wife Charlotte, she too had begun to develop a strong sex appeal. Like an obscene fragrance leaking from a flower that is just about to bloom.......

By the way, she wears a white brim on her head, and her negligee is designed to resemble a bed maid's uniform.

"Here, Katherine, stick out your tongue, too." he said, stroking her waist.

"Nnnn." a faint, muffled cry escaped from her as I grabbed her petite bosom." Hahhh, yes...... chu......."

I tasted their different tongues as I massaged the different sized and shaped tits of the beautiful women on either side of me. I slid my hands down and fondled their hips - yes, even Katherine has nice child-birthing hips. I hope you two deliver my baby safely...

""Hyah!""

I rubbed their bum meat hungrily. I stroke their thighs and rub their seed-filled entrance on top of their underwear.

"You two are getting too aroused. Its already so wet here. No point in wearing underwear now, no?"

"Yes....... Desmond-sama......."

"Humph, Master........ but if we wear underwear, you'll get more aroused......."

The two beauties wriggling their bodies on either side of me as my fingers teased them. --Fufu, when I use the word " tease." the word is definitely meant to be used in the more feminine and softer. But if Katherine develops, then I will be the one who is getting teased.

--But I don't give a damn!

"Oh, right." I said, continuing to rub her naughtily, " It is more exciting if you wear your underwear. After all, I get the pleasure of taking them off and seeing just how excited both of you are by the stains. Now, roll them up and show me how aroused you are."

"Oh, Desmond-sama, you are really the pervert-sama♡!"

It is somewhat strange how the word "pervert" becomes so noble when given the "the" and "-sama" by Lady Charlotte.

"I'll take that as a compliment."

"Aaa, I am going to get humiliated by master again......"

Damn you, Katherine. You are becoming more and more like a slutty masochist maid. You even humiliate yourself by saying that - I never taught you that, right? Or, did I?

scary ......。

The lord's wife smiles provocatively and lustily when I take my fingers away and prompt her to come over. Katherine is hesitant, but she can't hide how the conner of her mouth relaxed.

With the magic powers circulating in my eyes, a piercing blue light shone in them.

Desmond the Beast, witness this!

Fufu, my wife's luxurious panty is white with plenty of lace. However, the angles are steeper than before. Oh, you shouldn't be wearing such disgusting underwear. --Are you hoarding cum?

AS husband, let alone every night, I'm working hard almost every morning, noon, and night... (white eyes).

And as for Katherine, she is wearing a pair of undecorated black string underwear. --The red hairs stick out and only the really important parts are hidden, just like a tiny loincloth. By the way, there is only one string at the back. Since it can't even hide the anus, there is no point in wearing them. In other words, it is just a pair of underwear to please her Master at night. She looks like a prostitute which should not exist in this world.

How discriminatory to say that to both precious girls who carry my child. But I can't help it. After all, it also makes Katherine happy.

Although I feel like I should slam the brakes more often, but there is nothing I can do if the brakes don't exist in the first place.

I have no alternative but to satisfy her. ――Gufufu。

By the way, their underwear is not homemade, but made by an underwear shop. The two of them asked me what I wanted in front of the hostess, and I made them make me a special pair of underwear. Back then...

"My Lord, are you mad?"

The look in the hostess's eyes at that time is burned into my memory. When I think back on it, the image almost makes my heart blot with sweat....... --but I'm sure it's worth the effort. There're all wonderful and sexy. The owner's skill is perfect. I'll give you more orders and requests, so if you can stop that worried look in your eyes, it would be great. -- please.

Getting back on track -- The lord's wife's plump thighs, Katherine's slender and toned yet fleshy thighs. I own all of them. I won't give them up, not even to my own babies. I was already perspiring with a sweet and sour taste. The Lord stroked them and enjoyed them, and with their sultry voices as a side dish, I reached to the main part where they were flooded.

Two beautiful women lift up their negligees for me to see the stain. This alone was more than enough for a main dish. But when it comes to the lord, it's only an appetizer.

Two beautiful ladies cry out a charming tone.

"Hah, Desmond-sama, you shouldn't rub it so hard♡"

"Hah! I can feel something coming out deep inside me, overflowing......."

" Oh, you two are bucking your hips, huh? Do you like having your pussies getting rubbed so much? You bitches. Even your bean is so swollen-- slut."

As I fondled their aroused pubic mounds, I feel a bump on their soggy underwear. I playfully rubbed it through the cloth.

"let's see who's wetter? is it Charlotte? Oh, some spilled out from Katherine's cloth -――fufufu"

"Yaaah, hah an, dejumondshaamaa♡"

"Oh, master........ more....... Fuuuu.... harder......."

"Let's take those negligees off. There you gooo. Hurray."

"Yes♡"

"Thank you very much."

I gave Charlotte and the masochistic maid girl a hurray and stripped off their panties. I strip off the nightgowns of these honest and obedient beauties. They accept it with glee. My heart was pounding so fast. I've trained a woman in a world without Eros to this extent.

"Fufufu, Desmond-sama, I'm still watching you you know? what's the matter?"

And my beloved wife smiles at me like a witch.

So Oh, you notice.

"I am also happy to see that you are fawning over me more and more since I have changed my undergarments."

I can't say a word when her beauty, which is supposed to be almost expressionless, turns lascivious.

What should I say to the girls in their underwear after taking off their negligees!

Charlotte-chan packs her fruits, which have grown bigger and bigger than the original, in a somewhat small white bra - of course, it will be fine with this kind for now, but she doesn't want to do anything foolish to cause them to lose their shape! --The deep cleavage of the bra becomes obscenely swollen and deepened by the fine lace embroidery of the noble bra.

Oh, the lingerie shop owner.

――You're doing such a good job. It's perfect.

Her skin and bra are white, but the contrast between the natural and the artificial, that contrast between the noble and the indecent. My eyes fell into the valley and I cannot move away. It makes me feel as if I am a virgin again.

A black hole that sucks in virgins!

Of course, there is no time for such a shameless joke.

On the left, a small breast was held together by a normal (?) black bra.

That healthy feeling makes me want to smear and lick them with my overflowing tears.

Although My wife's body is more buxom, both of them are well built, and their bodies are seductive and attractive. Their breath is ragged in anticipation of lovemaking, their glistening skin wafting me with the aroma of a female in heat, a sex appeal that drives men crazy.

I mean, there's no right or wrong size when it comes to titties.

"So who's the daddy loves tits so much he wants to steal these milk before the baby~♡"

*bounce* *bounce*

Charlotte began to suck me into her black hole. Her voluptuous softness, is accentuated by her bra. The smell of lusty woman's milk enveloped me.

"Haah, jeez..... you really sucks it... hmm, it would be nice if milk came out quickly..." Then I can let daddy Desmond drink it first... hahh..."

While enjoying the ecstatic voice of Charlotte,

*Sniff-sniff* *ha-ha* *sucks*

"Master, do you like my breasts?"

The lord's wife's wife's cleavage buried my head, and her small maid's tits sandwiched pressed against the back of my head, sandwiching me.

"Fuuuu, fugu, fumu! (Oh, noble boobs!）"

--Ugh, I'm in agony...... but so happy.

Moving my head while sandwiched between the two of them, tits, tits, from front and back!

"Hah, master."

"Ahh......."

In bliss, I collapse onto the bed with the two of them in my arms. Pressing them all together, I took turns licking, smelling, and enjoying the softness in the x2 twin hills of different sizes.

Once again, I think.

After all, there is no such thing as right and wrong in boobs

""Ahh......"""

I slipped my fingers under their bras. They were so tight and plump that I could feel them enveloping my fingers. As I rubbed them around, the two beauties began to undulate their hips, and then they began to tangle their smooth, plump thighs around me...

"Ooh......"

Their supple fingers simultaneously crept into my pants. They teased my golden pubic hair, rubbed my balls from both sides, and wrapped their fingers around my pole.

In sync!

Now, the "tease" role has beeb reversed

"Kuh!"

"Fufu, Desmond-sama's penis is so hot and hard....... it's twitching♡ so cute."

"I know it is impolite, but I, too, find it adorable......"

I squeeze my anus and endure the stimulation on my meat pole, which is too much for my nerves, I twitch stimulation. Despite the fact that I'm wearing pants, I'm completely naked in front of these girls.

"Your tip is already overflowing."

"Madam's fingers and mine are already sticky......"

""How cute.""

Ohhhh! The voices whispered in my left and right ears hum in my brain.

But hey, though you both call me adorable.

"But I think you two are the cutest."

""Aaaaahhh!""

I pinched their puffy nipples. At the same time, the fingers that were holding me got stronger. The girls clenched my 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 hardened phallus with their sensuality of having their nipples teased.

They touch me as if they are asking me to forgive them.

--Fufu, what a wonderful feeling.

But thank goodness I have magic....... I think the grip is a bit uncomfortable. I rubbed my waist on purpose and grabbed her nipples to urge them nonetheless.

"Ah, ah... as expected of Desmond-sama... I am being played by Desmond-sama♡"

Well, The way you shift from force to technique and sweetly grip with your fingernails around the head, I'm the one being toyed with now, aren't I?

"Ugh, please, Master, more, harder......."

Seriously...would it hurt if I did it harder?

*pinch* *pinch* *pinch* *pull*

"Ahh, that feels good, so good.............."

Oh, jeez, you slutty servant....

As I was being teased and taunted, I slid each of their bras upward. The big and small treasures emerged. I wrapped my tongue around the plump, swollen, light pink, biting, sucking, and lightly grinding my teeth on them.

"Hyaaa♡♡!"

"Fuaahh!"

Their nipples are already so hard that they look like blushing strawberries and are about to fall off. Then let's pick them off then.

My fingers slip into their panties. I don't think Katherine's tiny black underwear is big enough to creep into, though.

They are both soggy down to their pubic hair. Both of them have thick bushes, making me feel as if I'm sticking my fingers into a seaweed because they are so wet with their juices, I groped around to find the plump flesh pearl, and plucked it.

""Aaaah, ahhhhh!""

Hmmm, the cries of a beautiful woman are so irresistible.

I squashed it with my palm, enjoyed the puffiness of the flesh, and then went to the honey pot.

Two fingers each.

I stirred them, sucking and twisting, spreading them apart as they tightened up.

" Now, I have to make loosen properly, so the baby can easily pass through."

"Fuuu.......yaaah....... is it really for the baby, but for Desmond-sama to go in easily?"

--Oh, you understand me very well. Charlotte's fingers wrapped around my pole begin to undulate with a feeling of sensuality, like folds of flesh. Of course, her waist is also undulating.

--Although it's just fingers, it's like I'm plunging my dick directly into her.......

"Oh, Master, I want to have your children........ not just one, but as many as I can......."

Katherine's fingerwork is skillful. I'm not sure why, but in terms of sexiness, Charlotte is superior to Kathleen.

--Aaah, but it feels good.......

"Of course, Katherine and Charlotte, you will have not only one, but many, many more babies, you can conceive and give birth to as many times as you want."

Crushing the meat bean with my palm, I use my two fingers thrusting into their vaginas.

*shakes* *shakes*!

The more my fingers worked on them, the more their cries of uncontrollable pleasure rose.

"Uh, kuh! Ooh!"

""Haaaahh~~!""

They arched their backs and struck their hips in the air. A fountain of joy gushed out.

I raised my chin, grunted, and ejaculated into their fingers in my pants.

But they didn't stop moving their hands. They continued to stroke, rub, and pump my flesh, smearing their own fingers.

"Hm, ero....... chu......."

"Hah, hum....... chu......."

They stretched out their tongue sucked on it.

*Splurt* *Splurt* In the white climax light, I bounced wildly with their fingers around me. I was coiled and sucked by their red tongues.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"*lick*, *lick*, *slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*......."

"Hamuuu, *slurp*, chuu, chuu, chuu."

"Hammu, *bup*, *bup*, *bup*."

A pair of alluring wet noises. I pressed down on the two beauties lying on their backs, facing the opposite side while licking and sipping at their fountains.

Both Charlotte and Katherine thrust their hips, lining their private regions and opening their legs to offer themselves to their lord. Charlotte's underwear still hung on her mid-thigh. But Katerine's panty is a string so I have no choice but to remove them altogether. The string is really good, what a shame.

I was on my knees, leaning over their body with my hands spread. It was like a game of Twister, a lewd, unusual six-nine.

--Isn't this an overly difficult position?

But how could I not risk my body for them and for myself! Besides, this is another world, so it's no big deal to endure this much with the help of【Physical Enhancement】.

That being said, I still have to grit my teeth in order to use my body to this degree. But even so!

Charlotte's platinum blonde pubic hair.

Katherine's red pubic hair.

Both are soaked with my saliva. --No, I can no longer tell if it's their nectar or my spit.

If I moved my nose, I can smell two kinds of rich female odors.

It crawls in through each nostril on both sides, and the lewd smell sparks in my brain.

"Slurp, chuu!"

"Haaafu, Fu.....fu, chupp......"

"Huh, ah....*lick*..."

I can freely lick, enjoy the scent, and drink...

Freedom!

The lord is free!

I am free!

Two gorgeous women's lips and fingers are holding my rod in place.

Is it really freedom if there's something holding me?

From both sides, that is.

*chuu chuuu*

*slurp slurp*

Capturing the lord's thing, they run their tongues over it, sliding their lips across it, and tickling my balls. They teased me so much that I could feel their sultriness even in the parts they had not touched. The round, swollen tips of my flesh, the veiny pole, and the dangling, but tightened testicles. The madam and the maid play with the lord who's now enjoying their female genitalia.

*jerk* *jerk*

"――fufu"

As soon as I shivered with too much pleasure, she laughed like a fairy.

"Eroo.......nuroo......."

"Kuh!"

Two tongues went back and forth on either side of the pole. They didn't mind at all about having their tongues and lips touching each other. -On the contrary, after they discovered that I got aroused by their yuri act, they took the initiative to show off their enthusiasm to me.

"Hamu! *schlurp*, *schluuurp*......"

"Fufuuuu......."

"Rerooo, chuu......."

"Kuh......."

One sucked the tip and another sucked the balls. What an effective and erotic master-servant combo. The lord is almost at his limits.

Fingers that I don't know which one belongs are softly rubbing my balls, and the hot female slugs are entwining with the geese from both sides.

--Ugh,......these two are seriously perfect together.............. haaah.......

At this point, I'd like to just let myself fall into their pleasure.......

However, although I like to enjoy the pleasure, I would much rather watch the sight of these girls in their lewd and disorderly state, looking so beautiful that I want to spend eternity admiring it.

"Hah!"

"Fufu.......ng, chupu......."

Two blooming flowers. Four petals. The luscious nectar overflows from each bush.

I twisted and turned my tongue into a pink, nasty snail-like creature and attacked the alluring flowers.

I seriously couldn't sustain myself in this position if I didn't have magic because I can't use both my hands. But even if I was, I was probably too squirmy to get into the act of assaulting the girls.

--I have to admit that I couldn't focus on them because they were enjoying my cock so much. But that's okay because those really turned me on.

"*lick*, *lick*, *slurp*, *slurp*......."

I licked and kissed around the slit, twisting my tongue between the petals. I peeled the fanny with my tongue, urged on by the moans of the women and the undulation of their hips.

-- gufufu, both madam and the maid are so deliciously swollen, the tastes are also rich..........

"Hyaan!"

"Fufu, ah......."

"*slurp* *slurp*......"

Oh, more and more naughty juices are overflowing,

I can't get enough of it.

I twisted my tongue into the vulva. I pour my drool, suck Charlotte's nectar, and then to Katherine. I mixed it, sucked it up, and return to Charlotte.

Truly a luxurious lovemaking experience.

I can't stop.

"Oooh, Desmond-sama, you're making me feel so naughty."

"My vagina is being used by Master.......together with Madam......."

Katherine rejoiced that she was being handled the same way as her owner. As for Charlotte's response, she was also pleased that I am enjoying myself.

I am so glad to be a husband.

As my cock was jerking and throbbing, Charlotte was licking it while stroking with her hands.

The two of them enjoyed tasting whatever I let out. Of course, the girls were not satisfied yet. Needless to say, I too haven't had enough of their love juice.

--Haa, I think it's about time.......

"--Fufu."

A lewd giggle escaped Charlotte-chan.

"It's about to come out, isn't it......?"

Then, Katherine's debauched voice.

--Oh, I'm gonna cum. So you both should too.

*schilck* *slurp* *sluuuuurp*

"Hyaaaaan! *slurp*! *sluuurp*!"

I attacked the two flowers with my tongue as much as I could.

Also, a single rod was also now under intense assault.

cumming! I'm cumming!

"" Haaa ahhh! ! ! ""

"uh, ooooh..."

Once I make them both orgasm, I ejaculate directly onto their bodies. The raging flesh cannon soiled their white skin with their big and small hills. In return, I was also showered with their honey.

The Lord is pleased. I buried my face in their smooth thighs, getting all sticky.

"Ahh, ahhh, ahhh! hmm......"

Giggling and giggling, I explored my wife's vagina, which was on her back on my right side. I pushed my hips into her, pushing past her aroused and swollen mound, feeling her pubic bone meet my own.

A single stallion rod entered and exited the vagina, spreading its petals.

The woman's pot is soaking wet. Each fold of flesh wiggling and undulating.

"More, more, more......"

She uses her body language to convey it instead of her now-nonfunctioning upper lips.

It's not bad at all, it's even more talkative than her real mouth.

*Sqeeze♡*

She tightened her grip on me

"I don't want to let go......"

A meaty embrace hugs me. And.

"Sorry, I'll be right back." I pull back, then.

"I'm home!"

"Ahhhhhh♡!"

The nectar bubbles up from our friction. With rhythmic strokes. I already know her weak point too well. I dragged and rubbed the spot, then pushed in with a well-timed thrust.

The pleasure of the flesh was so welcoming that I almost ejaculated.

Charlotte's lovely pearl of flesh peeked out cutely, and at the tip of her large hills, her nipples erect to such an extent that they looked as if they might fall off. it bounces like a flower waiting to bloom.

*jerk* *jerk*

"Ahhhhhhh!"

Charlotte's drooling mouth cried.

"Mmmm, mm, mmmm, mm......"

The first-class maid then served her.

Judging by the way how their lips lock and the way her cheeks move, she is the one getting invaded in her mouth.

It's a pity that I can't hear her cry, but still...

"mmuuuu....n....n~~~~♡"

The muffled moaning is also nice.

--But I mean, why's Katherine getting attacked here?

I mean, look at Katherine's cheeks - those cheeks are being violated by something stirring inside........... am I always being subjected to that?

Well, that would raise the bar.

The two intertwined their fingers in a lover's grips, sucking on each other--, these yuri are wonderful, I love it--the lord's wife's and the maid's tits crushing with nipples touching each other. The difference in power level between them is obvious. No, the boobs are not directly related to the level of skill, but ......the way their white meat touches and bounces as they touch each other.

"Mmmmm♡♡!"

I push in, and

*squench*

Wedged at the back of her vagina.

"~~~~~~~ (*trimble*! *trimble*!)♡♡♡"

The lord's wife spasms and transfter to Katherine's jaw, twitching.

"Fugmmmm♡♡!"

Then the lord is inside the maid's vagina

"Excuse me for interrupting."

The lord enjoys sliding inside the tight maid's pussy.

"Hmuuuuguuu! Mmmph! Mmmm♡!"

--Ah, this isn't good, maybe.

After all, Charlotte-sama is still sucking Katherine's mouth. The lord's wife's slender fingers sank into her small breasts, rubbing and clenching her meat and nipples with skillful hands.

*sqeeze*

"Nmmm! Mmmmmm!"

――Uwaa......,

My thing is already twitching.

That didn't stop me from sliding in and out though.

Katherine's pussy spasmed. How many times had the lord and lady made her come? I didn't count after five times.

But she should be fine with her tough body, being a lewd masochist, and also a trained assassin, - It can be said that this is a reward.

However, not for the common person.

In case we get carried away with our carnal desires, if I and Charlotte are fallen so low, we, the nobles and lord might turn this territory into a carnal hell. Power is a scary thing so I have no intention of using it that way.

But for Charlotte's case.....

--I must educate her properly so she doesn't end up like that.

I think about it as I look at the masochist maid who is being penetrated by The lord's meat stake while getting entangled by The lord's wife. she twisted herself as if she was getting burned, to the point it looks like her body is about to be torn apart.

"fumu――――♡♡ fumuuu――――♡♡♡"

Can you believe it? This masochist maid taking pleasure from this?

it was almost alarming to watch.

Scrubbing and rubbing her vaginal walls, and then

I pull out.

And switch to Charlotte-chan.

"Nnnngggghhhh, nnnnggg♡♡♡"

Although The Madam was spasming, her hips began to buck up and down. After all, when it comes to sexual matters, Katherine is completely out of her league compared to Charlotte.

Still, even Katherine is rubbing and squeezing her Lady's big breasts and squeezing her nipples.

Your husband also wants to participate.

"Mmmmmm! Mmmm!"

The lord's wife arched her head back.

Push it all the way to the back, brought our pubic bone together, and bury my face in her breasts as it is. While getting sandwiched between Katherine's breasts in the back, I attack her erect nipples with my mouth.

I pulled it, sucked it, and even lightly brushed my teeth on it.

"Mmmmmmmm ~~~~!"

Charlotte-chan bounced up and down excitedly. I licked, trying not to be blown away by the bouncing, bountiful breasts.

They both had sweaty skin and were moist. The rutting bitches' overpowering odor. Sweat's alluring scent makes it an enticing addition. I lay on their skin, rubbing my sex against theirs, and then

"Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmmm ~~~~!"

*splurt* *splurt*

I pour it in.

Charlotte shook. I pumped in without mercy. Even so, Charlotte's cervix sucked at the tip and squeezed me.

"Oh.......that feels good......."

After delivering plenty of nourishment to my wife's fertilized eggs, it's time for the masochist maid Katherine.

"Mmmmuuuuuuu!"

*schlop*!

I push in. She raises her chin, arches her back, and convulses.

--Are you alright.

Oh, she's fine.

Because she is a masochistic maid, Katherine.

Now that I've ejaculated in each, should I ask them to stack up on top of each other next, or ask them to line up on all fours with their asses facing me?

--Gufufu.

The carnal night of the lord is not over yet.

And of course, The lord's wife's night too...

He shakes his hips madly, entranced by the two beauties.

In her excitement about her pregnancy, Katherine may have disclosed sensitive information to that person, and maybe she had the right call――

--This is The lord's wife's room.

It was in the room with the closet where Katherine once hid.

He had no idea that another woman was hiding there.

...wha....wha..... is that...... baby making? But Katherine said she was already pregnant...... The lord's wife too............. I don't understand. Incomprehensible, uncontrollable, overheat .

――Kyu

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A room in the Desmond Manor.

There was the one room banned to all men, and Baron Desmond Damwead, the lord of Aldora and the estate's owner, was sitting inside it with his shoulders slumped.

A Tall, blond-haired, blue-eyed, and according to him, sporting an obnoxiously sweet aristocrat look. He sat alone in his chair and stooped forward to confront such a scene.

--So pure.

Even after having sex so many times.

Or perhaps she is just that beautiful.

"Desmond-sama, which do you prefer, this one, or this one?"

Standing before him is his beloved wife, Charlotte.

With wavy platinum blonde hair and large emerald eyes, she has a lovely face that makes her look like a young girl prior to the age of twenty, despite the fact that she is already twenty-nine years old and also is now carrying the long-anticipated child of the lord in her womb. After being embraced several times, her pure and alluring body begins to exude an extraordinary sex appeal.

No, I'm not being vulgar.

After all, she is now selecting underwear for her loving husband, hoping he would appreciate it and feel more aroused.

Not only because she is noble, but the lord's wife's size also needs to be custom-made. So instead of trying them on, she just placed them on her body without wearing them, allowing her husband to picture what they might look like.

The owner of the lingerie shop that had been invited here was looking at her with a smile while the lord's wife was getting excited, which was inappropriate at her age. She is a skilled tailor that was brought to Aldora for Charlotte's daily attire when she came there.

At first, she seemed a little surprised to see Charlotte, who was more excited than she had ever seen her before, although she appeared to be conscious of her need for it.――As a lingerie maker who has her shop and is invited by a noble, there is no doubt that she is very talented. Tailors the garment with the nude, barely dressed girl in a closed room. Katherine is also here.

The owner realizes Charlotte-sama newfound liveliness that matches her appearance was due to her husband, whom she is clutching to while naked. She was staring at him warmly.

This is another world where there is no Sexual desire, with some exceptions during breeding.

Even though it is lukewarm, there is no presence of an erotic element in the owner's gaze.

Desmond has been put in such a place. Like sitting on a mat made out of needles.

He would have been willing to use his arm as a measuring tape to measure his wife's size, then wrap the large mounds in his palm and use it as a bra. if it's just Katherine in this room and the shop owner wasn't here.

But with this--.

"Isn't that one better? I think Charlotte would look good in white."

"Really? thank you. then the design is..."

And wifey takes another pair of underwear in her hand.

—How long will this continue?

The husband, Desmond-sama's blue eyes are now unfocused. Still in the mask of a sweet-looking nobleman, according to him.

I had known that women's shopping was long like a myth from my previous life - everything that doesn't involve you is just a myth is it not? I mean, accompanying a woman on her shopping spree is something that gets grossed over in the story, so what's up with that? My take is, - dull. It was dull.

At the moment, with Charlotte in a bathing robe, Katherine in a maid's outfit, and the owner of a lingerie shop. Charlotte is more than happy to inquire about her husband's tastes and share them with the rest of the world.

This has to be a new type of torture.

However, The lord's wife, who was wearing only a pair of underwear in her hands and asked 'Which one makes you more arouse?' while shaking her bare breasts.

In a world with erotic feelings, all men will say.

--Hey Desmond, if you don't want it, we can handle the torture for you.

Of course, he would never accept this, especially with his pants already bulging.

--Fufu.

"Then, I would ask you to adjust new items I wear on a daily basis to these designs and colors."

Yay, at least they decided some things.

More than an hour had already passed.

But Desmond's perception of time was at least twice as long. Or three?

However, it was too soon to be relieved, the torture hadn't even begun.

"So, Katherine."

"Yes."

The lord's wife snapped her fingers. Oh, that's cool.

"It's your turn to choose your underwear."

"Yes."

"Eh?"

The owner of the exclamation was, of course, Desmond.

――what did ya just say?

The owner was nonplussed as if it were a regular occurrence for her, and Katherine, understandably said.

"Thank you very much for your kindness, Madam."

With cold beautiful brown narrow eyes, a first-class maid bow. Elegantly, graciously.

It was hard to believe that this was the same woman who has her anal ravished by both husband and wife on the bed and even wet herself.

Katherine a cock sucking, anal-loving, spoiled masochist under the mask of a first-class maid. How long can her title go?

The white brim of the Maid fluttered proudly on her red hair, which was tied up.

She took off her maid's uniform with graceful, fluid movements. Desmond watched her attentively but also reminds himself that the owner of the lingerie shop was also present. then...

The owner gasped.

"w-what is that?"

The slutty spoiled maid Katherine is wearing a tiny black string panty that she modified herself, leaving her red pubic hair sticking out. Even the bra on top has only enough fabric to cover her nipples like a micro bikini.

I never thought she would proudly undress in that underwear.......

She may be beginning to develop a habit of exhibitionism. The lord and The lord's wife are both harassing and humiliating her, so it is probably strange if she doesn't awaken this trait too...

However, I don't want other men to see it, no matter how pleasureless the world may be.

--I'll make sure to put nail this point in her later.

That's what Desmond thought.

"It's because Master prefers it."

――Guhaaa!!!

An unexpected ambush by the maid. I knew I wasn't wrong to think of her as an assassin maid. The Lord's heart was ripped and gouged out of his chest like by the verbal blade that Katherine had unleashed.

"However, it seems like he also prefers tight bras that stick close to the chest."

――Kohoh!! (coughing blood)

Stop! This Desmond has no HP left!

Unfortunately, there is no one here who is able to pass it to them, or realizes that it pierces his heart. There for.

"That's right." The lord's wife said, "I think so too. But when I tried to put on a small pair of underwear, Desmond-sama stopped me. saying that Charlotte had something more suitable to wear. If it pleases Desmond-sama, I would be happy to wear something like that too......."

No no, Desmond's sense of guilt will increase if someone like Charlotte wears it.

Isn't that right? Katherine in a black micro bikini is so very slutty, but Charlotte is more suited for underwear that is even smaller than a micro bikini, just a tiny string, cover her face with a veil, and add other jewelry to make her look like a high-class prostitute. you know what I mean...

Um--um, very nice.

Although Desmond can not say it out loud.

After all, if I look at her now.

"My lord, are you mad?"

The owner's gaze was just like that.......

――Gohogoho! (coughing blood violently)

Then.

"Desmond-sama? I just felt a strange image of underwear in my head:.......is that the design that arouses Desmond-sama?"

Thanks to the crest, Charlotte has awakened her sensing ability.

Even though it is not always activated, because of this, Desmond's lewd thoughts and feelings are transmitted to her.

Now Desmond has no more blood to vomit.

Charlotte tells the owner about the design, and the owner's seriously concerned gaze pierces him.

"--Fufu, it will be a treat when I wear it."

Fu,fufu,fufufufufu......,

do what you want........

I'll be happy too, you know.......

The lord's wife and the maid who was still wearing her skimpy clothes asked about his erotic preferences as if they are trying to burn Desmond-sama into ashes.

Under the gaze of the owner, a gaze that seriously worries about the mentality of the lord.

*stare*!

I would have been much, much better if she looked at me with scorn, like looking at a pig at a farm.

But he was a wonderful lord who was respected and loved by his people. f he did something that was out of the ordinary, they would have either admired him, saying, "I don't know what Desmond-sama is thinking, but it must be good for us." or they will turn worried and say "Are you all right?"

And in this case, it was the latter.

Still, she is the owner of a lingerie shop and a craftsman who is summoned by the noble.

She listens to Desmond's interests, eagerly and seriously, wondering if this might be the next fashion trend.

These are only bedroom clothes, you know?

But what would she think after having been exposed to a glimpse of the art of sexy lingerie?

Desmond, at this moment, has no idea.

She was brought to this Aldora territory, where she opened an underwear shop for the common people.

And the day will soon come when the woman who longs for him pays a visit there.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Desmond-sama, it's here!"

Charlotte, my lovely wife, said with joy.

It is nighttime and I am in my bedroom. Katherine is not here. She took a break - or rather, she was done for the evening, and went to her room to cool herself down. The lord's wife is alone with her husband at the moment.

The underwear that I had ordered from the owner of a lingerie shop was, like she said, done. Maybe that's why my wife Charlotte attacked Katherine today with such vigor.

*shrudder*!

She is wearing a prim and proper one-piece outfit. She can now change her clothing alone, which is impressive, but it makes me sad that I can't help her anymore. — However, she always lets me strip off her clothes when I want to fuck her, and vice versa when I want to see her naked. The same goes for putting on clothes.

――Gufufu.

Charlotte then started to unbutton. I would have felt like I was doing something very lord-like If I had been holding a glass of wine in my hand and watching her do this - Unfortunately, I didn't have a glass with me, so it was just in my head for now.

*move* *move*

*touch* *touch* *knead* *knead*

She undid the buttons and took off her clothes. Oh, I forgot to twirl my imagine-wine glass already and just gawked at her. As she did so, Charlotte was left in her underwear.

"Thank god for putting me here!"

"Beautiful moment, do not pass away!"

I'm barely able to stop myself from yelling that. But.

Behold! (Though I don't intend to show it to anyone but me...)

Plump, ample, snow-white breasts. The same breasts that I had repeatedly ravaged and even branded with many kiss marks! But there is not a speck of imperfection on her flawless skin, she looks so innocent that it is hard to believe that she has been soiled by me. Her bra looked small, it squeezed her full breasts tightly, and they looked as if they would explode at any moment. Why is it not bursting? This is a crime! A war crime against those fleshes!

Titty Napalm!! (nonsensical)

The tip of her nipple is hidden in a white bra, however, the slightly transparent fabric reveals innocent and lovely nipples in a pale pink color.... The same goes for the panties. Her platinum-blonde hair is slightly visible through the lace and transparent cloth, and the way the fabric indent with her freshness is nothing short of sensational.

it's not only sexy - it's classy and lustful.

The slutty and the elegance combine, making an unbeatable champion. I'm the challenger here although it is I who am reincarnated in another world. Charlotte is so powerful!

But the person who should be praised the most here is the owner of the lingerie shop. Also known as the proprietress of the clothing store. She is a shop owner who is recognized by The lord's madam after all. Since she hasn't had any actual sexual experience with me, she doesn't know what sexy is, but she still has a great talent for expressing it..............

Now that's what I call first class!

who knows if She has that kick-ass catchphrase.

--Anyway, Great job, owner.

However, being constantly confronted with that gaze. Rather than being suspected of being mad, it seemed like she really might think I'm going insane. All in all, not pleasant, but it was worth it.

But my wife, if you wear such a thing under your clothes, you will get caught in the security check right? As the keeper of public morals, I shall confiscate it myself! Give me everything, even if it's explosives!

――But should I really do this?

Although I am a tall, blond-haired, blue-eyed, handsome, sweet-looking noble man. I can feel my crotch swelling while oblivious to the dignity of the lord and the customs of the nobility at the sight of my wife Charlotte, who looks like a high-class prostitute.

Yes, she is a high-class prostitute. She had to sell herself because of her family's downfall - and I bought her. --Fufu, Fufu, Fufu. My brain is rapidly creating a setting.

"Fufu, I'm glad you like it."

She smiled at me.

Bewitchingly, lustily.

--Wow, dangerous, my wife, dangerous.

Normally, Charlotte (29 years old) is a lovely lady, with her platinum blonde hair, big emerald eyes, and her youthful beauty which makes her look like a girl before her 20s, now radiating a sex appeal befitting her age, directly attacking my crotch--

Charlotte-sama lay down on my bed.

And then.

"Please join me, Desmond-sama........"

She stretched out her graceful fingers and slowly wiggle it, gesturing me to follow her.

"So...so wonderful......"

I couldn't help but let my thought slip.

Then Charlotte-chan giggled.

--Goodness! If she had in stayed the character earlier, I would definitely have kneeled down and asked you to step on me.

What? No? I don't think I'd do that?

--Uh, may-maybe?.......

"What are you saying, it is I who should be awestruck. I am in Desmond-sama's care.

Lady Charlotte's cheeks flushed.

But the state she was in a moment ago is difficult to forget.

A horny noble wife invited a peasant to have fun with her, I want to do that one!

I can't get rid of the high-class prostitute image either, but I'm going to have my fun with that one later!

And I told her the plan. Since Katherine is not there, we can do this kind of play.

Then.

"--Fufu. That's cute. Here's an order. Come here. I'll make you look so cute with those bulging pants of yours."

"Y-yes......"

--Hiii, The lord's wife invited me again with her bewitching hand, and instead of being playful, she used a serious voice.

"e-excuse me......."

"No need to be stiff. It's not like I'm going to eat you or anything. --No?"

The lord's wife's mouth quirked up.

"Or do you want me to?"

--Ooooh, dangerous, my wife is really dangerous.

I, The lord, carefully remove my shoes before going up to bed. Then! Her supple fingers reached out to me.

"Fufu, you're being very stiff here. Also, I said you don't have to act so stiffly, but this place has to be hard all the time, okay? If you don't, I'm going to have to punish you."

"Uhh!"

She rubbed and stroked the hard outline through my pants.

"Og, I-I'd like to be punished..........."

"my my - Fufu." she put a finger to her mouth. Her glossy lips are like flowers, and in contrast to her white skin, I can't!

If I am still a virgin - or if I have not had many physical intercourses with her so many times, I am sure that I will ejaculate just from this!

"Oh....Madam......"

Still, I unintentionally pressed down Lady Charlotte and breathing hard.

"Oh, It seems you really want to be punished, don't you? Stick out your tongue, Desmond."

"Haaa......"――This is bad, I shouldn't do this. I'm definitely going to get addicted to this!

If I, Desmond (no honorific), stick my tongue out.

"Do as you're told - like a dog you are - hummm, chuu......"

Hyooow! My wife is sucking the tongue of such a man while saying he's like a dog....... This is seriously bad if it becomes a habit - no doubt she is also aroused by the feeling.

"Now, suck my tongue too."

"Yes........ I will. Hm, chuu......."

I sucked the tongue that inserted into my mouth. I always thought it tasted good, but this was like some kind of mixed drug that shouldn't be combined.

How intoxicating and addictive.

"Hm, chuu.......hah, Madam's tongue, so delicious......."

"Yes, thank you. Well then, how about you let me taste yours saliva this time?"

"a-as you wish......."

I put a lot of saliva in my mouth and

I let it drip down my mouth like a spider string.

"Fufu, it tastes so delicious. Now, open your mouth......."

She pushed me down and she began to drip saliva on top of me.

"O, Oh......."

Drool dripped from The lord's wife's dainty lips. What a tantalizing and fascinating sight!

I opened my mouth to the fullest and took the saliva like a humble dog.

"You seem to crave my saliva...... you like the taste that much?"

"Y-yes, of course.......I'd be happy to have Madam's saliva and love juice as my beverage!"

Me, the lord, said with all my might.

--It's all right! Because right now I'm just a pathetic peasant who is so lost in The lord's wife's sexy charms.

Besides, Lady Charlotte would not back down.

"If you say that, I can't help but let you drink more."

She straddled my head and pulled down her underwear, which showed a thin layer of platinum blonde hair...

"Mmmm!"

"Now, lick and swallow it. But in return, I'll drink some from Desmond too, alright? ahh, ah.......like that.......good, please drink more.......hunh, ah!......"

"*lick*,*schlick*!"

The lord's wife straddles my head and rocked her hips.

uah.......her juice tastes soooooo good! I can't believe this comes from between someone's legs.......oh, I'm going to get my juice out too!

"*slurp*......"

"Haaah....Fufu, you're so enthusiastic....... Is it that delicious?"

Yes, thank you so much!

"Hahhhh! But If you drink like that........I'll have to drink too, won't I?"

Ohhhh!

The lord's wife's supple fingers teased the peasant's trousers.

"Even though your pants, I can feel that you are getting hotter and harder than before. You have a very good attitude, making yourself so hard so that you can be devoured by me."

I'm so sorry!

The lord's wife let out a lewd laugh, turned my head up, and gently stroked and ruffled my hair.

She is so soft and gentle.

"Kuha! Ooh......"

"My my,I am just petting you. If you ejaculate before I can drink it, then you will be punished. Chuu..."

"Kuh!" Lady Charlotte, you've got me by the pants, for real! And with your mouth, I'm going to...... in my pants.

"Fufu.... You already have an embarrassing wet spot on your pants."

Oooohhh.......fu, oooh! I-I can't, this is too much!

With my ragged breaths and palpitating heartbeats, I am powerless to stop Charlotte who's in slutty Noble Madam mode.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ah, you smell so good!......"

I heard a voice from the other side, shaking her big ass right in front of me.

Wow... this girl is really...

She sucked on the stain on my pants, licked, and traced the swelling bulge before pulling it down.

And then, the meat rod sprung out and hit something.

What is that? Although it's unlikely, I think Lady Charlotte's nose has been smacked by my stupid tool.......What a haughty peasant I was.......――Gufufu.

"Fufu, what an angry rod. Here, take your punishment. Ha~mu, *lick* *lick*......."

"Fuuu, ooh, ah..."

Oh no, I'm going to get devoured.

Nngh, n.......slurp, slurp, pfft......♡."

"Huuh, ah.......oh......."

Shit.......I'm not going to lose.

"Nnh♡ nh......♡"

I stroke her ass, catching it as it wiggles sensationally and provocatively, licking and tracing the puffing slit with my tongue. The smell of the bitch in heat became richer and richer. As she spills out more embarrassing fluids, her delicious nectar becomes stickier, and even the flesh nub that I glide my lips over shivers.

"Ahh......"

I push her nether regions with my tongue. Pressed my lips tightly against it and sucked it up.

"Schrup! slurp slurp slurp......"

"Haah, fuu~h...nh, uh..."

Her face became increasingly lascivious and intense. She kept stroking the rod, running her tongue up and down it, sucking and licking the sag, and playing with the perineum and the unclean hole beneath it.

"【Clean】"

" Oooh!"

Uh-oh.......a finger poke inside.......my insides got cleaned......................... Although I almost jumped up, Charlotte-sama didn't pull her finger out and didn't loosen her grip on me.

"Fufufu, right here......."

D-don't! You can't suck and do that at the same time!

"Ohh!"

I feel a touch on my weak spot.

Past her big buttocks, I heard a lustful and soft giggle.

I feel her fingers crawling into my butt hole and my ass clench.

I took a deep breath.

Then I buried my face in her voluptuous ass. dug my tongue into her honey pot.

"Ahhhh♡! Ha~mu, uuh!" Lady Charlotte cries with delight. But.

Gh, ugh....kuh, it's coming...I waited for that moment while breathing in front of Charlotte's vagina.

*wiggle*

*twitch*

*wiggle* *wiggle*

*jerk*

*wiggle* *wiggle* *wiggle* *wiggle* *wiggle* *wiggle*

F-Forgive me, wife, forgive me~~~!

I guess it's a mistake I taught her about prostate this soon. My body arched like a bridge and erupted, shoving my hips deep into Lady Charlotte's throat as if to penetrate it.

--Ooooooh! this is really bad! I think my insides are melting out!

The velocity, volume, and strength of the stuff are astounding.

I shoot a large amount of pure white geyser in the back of her throat!!

"N~fuuuuuuuuu~~~~♡♡♡!!!"

The lord's wife Charlotte, also.

Pshhhhhh! Pshhhhhh! splash! splash!

Like an ouroboros, a serpent of flesh that swallows each other's tails, we exchanged our bodily fluids. Furthermore, there was my magic in my sperm and hers in her nectar, creating an infinite circle of magic power!

The idea of rotating magic makes me rather aroused, and I cannot stop cumming and getting more erect!

"Nnh♡!"

And when I managed to finish cumming first, The lord's wife parted her lips and raised her body up. --She looked down at me past the tip of her plump, white peaks, her nipple was swollen and erect.

Without a break, she...

When she licked her lips, I thought I can see a heart symbol in her eyes.

"Thanks for the food, Desmond."

"Y-yes.......Glad you like it, Charlotte-sama......."

Not good, I even use honorifics now, acting or not.

Despite its strength, she caught my pathetic flesh pillar, which was no longer in my control, and sets the tip of it to aim at her entrance. She rubs it, lets the tip spread hers, and sits down.

*schurp*

"Haaaa~ah! Desmond-sama's burly head slammed me in the back! It feels so good!"

Apparently, The lord's wife mode has been lifted as Charlotte recoils in pleasure from the penetration. However, she is awakening the sex beast mode instead. She begins her guttural feeding by slamming her hips into me.

--ha, I'm now getting seriously devoured.

"Haaah, it feels.......it feels so good.......Dejumondosama's penis is grinding against all of my sensitive areas! Ahh, ahhhhh!

My wife's platinum-blonde hair is waving in the air. The womb, which had descended so far that I can feel its weight, pressed down on the meat shaft, her the cervix sucked on my cock.

When she lifted her hips up and away from me, I felt the thing that was sucking on me give an audible pop. the feeling is too extreme.

"Oh, oh.......it's sucking me......."

"I'll suck it, I'll squeeze it a~lot♡ Haah....please pour it in my womb until I'm full....haah, aah..."

She sits on her knees, moves up and down with her big thighs spread wide, her hands on my lower abdomen, her hips wiggling side to side like a snake, her massive tits dancing wildly, making my eyes glued to her.

Our fluids bubble up from the friction of our lovemaking and mixed with each other, covering us in white mush. Her pubic hair and my golden pubic hair met. If I leave it like this, I'm going to end up creating some kind of good-luck bracelet that'll never be able to untie.

"Hoh, ugh......"

A morsel of flesh that was utterly soft and delicate was chewing on me. And the fangs that bit me are called pleasure. I was tortured, but lovingly, with each bite.

"Uhmmm.......I'm getting sullied..."

" Oh? what do you mean? I am the one who is getting debauched here. Desmond-sama's penis is making me feel....from within my body.....ah...hah."

The lord's wife straddled her husband and tortured him with the lewdest hips I movement ever experienced.

Her petal-like lips drooling, her platinum-blonde eyebrows furrowed. She keeps staring at me lovingly with her wide emerald eyes. It is so wide that they looked like they were about to bludge out.

Then, she lowered her body.

"Desmond-sama.......I love you, I love you, I love you. Aaaa~uu......."

"Oh, I love you, too, Charlotte. I love you so much that no words can express it."

I hugged her slender back and let her breasts squash my chest tits. Her tits are tantalizingly soft. The feel of her smooth, sweaty skin is irresistible. She wiggled her hips and rubbed her body as if to pamper me. It was as if my whole body was being invaded by an overly sweet electric current.

"Fufu, nnuuh.......*lick*, *lick*......."

We both licked, sucked, and exchanged saliva.

In the process, Charlotte dexterously wiggled and undulated her hips, and then she climaxed.

--Oh, I'm going to cum, cumming!

There was no way she missed the signs of my ejaculation. She swallowed me deeply and her cervix sucked me on the tip♡. The folds of her vagina wriggled and squeezed, causing my testicles to tighten up and send into her womb.

"Nmmm! Nnnng......"

Charlotte jerks and twitches as I send my semen deep into her womb, yet she doesn't stop sucking my mouth, nor does the milking movement of her vaginal muscles.......

――Haa~u, oooh.......it feels good.......I'm so happy.......

I can't even describe it anymore!

We rubbed our skin against each other, and the scent of Charlotte was wafting through the air. The room was filled with the obscene scent of a man and a woman mingling together.

"Ha, a.......as expected, so...so much......."

Charlotte's ecstatic, sweet voice whispers in my ear, and I can't stop the shivers.

"Desmond-sama.......next time I want you to press me down and you do it on top of me......."

The way how she begs for it.......

How can I resist?

"Good. But it's tough to get rid of the feeling of being ravaged by Charlotte like this again. I'll be on top this time, but you'll be the one to command me to shake my hips. Can you say something like 'Go for it, do your best'?"

"....? If Desmond-sama wants to......."

She agrees even if she doesn't know what it means. My wife is the best

――Gufufu.

But, then....

"Now, you must swing your hips properly, Desmond."

Charlotte whispered in my ear.

"If you do, I'll encourage you and reward you, all right?"

Oh, you do know what I mean, don't you!

"Kya!"

I shifted my position and she rolled over onto her back.

We remained connected. Our conjoined parts are on full display with her legs spread wide apart, she truly is a lusty flower that eats men.

"Ahh, ah, it feels so good.......Desmond-sama's little penis going back and forth inside my vagina.......ahhh, ahhh! Come on, Come on, do your best♡"

Ah! Oooh, Ohhhhh !!!

"Haaaah~an, aaaaah♡♡"

The bed creaks. The wet sound and the woman's moaning never stop.

Our lewd night continues again this day, for as long as we can keep it up.

"Do your best, do your best. Desmond, more, shake your hips more."

"As you wish."

"Aaaah, aaaaan! love, I love it♡ Dejumondshamaaa♡♡!!"

I continued to release myself into my wife's hungry vagina without restraint.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83:
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Desmond-sama? What do you think? Does it suit me?"

With those words, Lady of the house, Charlotte stepped into my office.

Wavy platinum blonde hair, big emerald eyes, she had a lovely face that made her appear like a pre-teen girl even though she was now pregnant. A fair complexion that lately began to radiate a sexy glow as I embraced her whenever I was excited.

I feel like I've committed a crime in some way since this young girl is pregnant with my child.

--But what about Monica?

No problem, things like that are not a crime here.

Go ahead! Try to arrest your lord!

Ha-ha-ha-ha! And let's put that episode of escaping reality aside.

More importantly.

The lord's wife, fluttering the skirt of her maid's outfit like an innocent little girl.

"Ah, of course, it looks good on you."

Saying this, she captivates me with a smile like a flower blooming.

"Fufu, I'm glad, then, I will be your stand-in maid for a day while Desmond-sama is at work. Please feel free to ask me anything, Master."

Smiling like that, she stands next to me as I make my way to my office desk.

Yes, Charlotte was dressed as a maid today.

My beloved wife remembered that I showed a lot of interest in maid outfit before, so she decided to put it to use this time.

--Yes, it's nice.

Very nice.

But you know what? But you know what, Charlotte, my sweet, sweet Charlotte,

I don't have to work!

Huh? - What? Isn't my wife too cute? No, I've always known she was cute enough ( not that I mind), but it's the maid outfit.

--She did it for me.

Moreover, although she is dressed in a maid's uniform, there is no way to hide the aura of aristocracy that emanates from her voluptuous body.

This makes me feel like I'm doing something even more immoral.

Like making fun, or disgracing the kidnapped noble's daughter......

--I'm so eager to play naughty stuffs, there's no way I'm working.

Even if Katherine-san, a real maid, is in this room with us and is observing the rookie maid work with her brown narrow eyes, the master can't help but to tease her.

"Charlotte?"

"Yes, Master."

And she lightly leaned over to look into my face.

At that moment, her tits, which had pushed her maid's uniform up as high as it would go...

*sqeeze*

That.

That is too defenseless, you know?

--I reached my hand out.

"No~.......you shouldn't do this to the maid, master.......♡"

I kneaded and kneaded.

The Maid Charlotte-chan arches her eyebrows and immediately begins to let out heavy breaths.

"I bet you wanted to be treated like this, didn't you? shaking your tits like this. You naughty maid. Have you come here to disturb your Master's work?"

I fondled and played with them.

"Ah, hah.......Master..............." What a reaction. even though I'm only gently playing with her boobs. Have I trained her lewd potential to this degree? - Unh, I bet it's none other than Charlotte herself who is aroused by this situation.

"You shouldn't.......a maid's job doesn't include such things...... ah......."

"With all that said, I see that you approach me with your tits rather squeezed up against me. "How can you perform a maid's work with such large things swinging around?"

*knead* *knead*

"Yah.......please don't say such a rude thing........ I can certainly manage. If only Master didn't do such a thing........ngh, ah......."

--Oh, there's no way I can resist such a sweet expression on her face.

Charlotte-chan with a vacant look in her eyes. Those dainty lips are half open, and a pink tongue flicked out.

Our lips naturally sought each other, overlapping, making love...

"――*aham*"

""………………""

"You two, that is not a proper maid and master interaction," Katherine-san said.

Oh sure, you'd know. I will keep silent for the time being, wondering what she'd say next.

"Then why don't you join us, Katherine?"

"Yes, of course."

――Oi! Aren't you too much! You turn back on your words so fast!

"Master……"

You weren't a real first-class maid, were you? Katherine........Your Master hasn't finished his work (signing the papers) yet, has he?

Then.

"Fufu.......then, Desmond-sama, please choose the maid to serve you."

Looking at her, she said.

"I will be at your service."

Charlotte-chan, twenty-nine years old, dressed as a maid, her large emerald eyes shining.

"I think your work will go much better if you feel refreshed."

said the maid (twenty-six years old), who was supposed to admonish her.

"Additionally, excuse me for my foolish assumption, but I think that Desmond-sama's task can be completed once we finish with plenty of time left."

That's really a foolish thought.

But you're exactly right! I'll have enough time to do it!

I'm gonna spank you, you bitch! I'm going to spank your ass! Lord SPANK SPANK MAID !

But of course, Katherine is all for it.

I'm the one who succumbs to this temptation. I, the lord, was being KOROKORO -ed in the maid's palm. Not that I don't like it.......

"- both of you, stand in front of me and roll up your skirts. I'll decide which one of you is going to serve me, whoever makes the best demonstration."

"Alright♪"

"Certainly."

Then The lord's wife and her maid's stood side by side in front of the desk, which still had some papers left on it. The maid (wife) was flirtatiously putting her hand on the skirt. With her eyes curled in a lascivious arc, her cheeks blush faintly, and her mouth quirked in debauchery, the Lord has started to give his approval already.

But Katherine was not to be outdone. She reaches into the skirt of her maid's uniform and

*brush*

Together with The lord's wife, the two of them were trying to make the lord feel impatient.

--This is not the time to be working now.

And to pick one or the other, such cruelty is unbearable to the kind lord.

How about both? --gufufu.

The lord's wife's bare legs look as if they are shining, the maid's legs are wrapped in white socks. Above it, the maid's garter belt--

Knock-knock.

There is a knock at the door.

Chiiiiiii! (super loud tongue-clicking) Who is this fool, who dare interferes with the lord's fun time! If it's another maid, maybe I'll let her join in the "service"?

――Gufufu

Well, I wouldn't do that.

Then, the words came.

"This is Parliamentary official Liz Bergamot. May I come in?"

Oh, crap.

The flame of my desire was extinguished immediately. It was so devastating, something like opening the porn folder and somehow finding a picture of mom in it.

Both of them were also fixing the hem of their skirts.

And then, I was instantly flooded with sweats!

Shit, I'm not doing any work at all! Why are you coming here now of all days? You usually don't come here, right? Did I miss something? Did I not fill out the paperwork properly? Am I going to be punished?

Is it something like checking to see whether I completed my homework rather than watching porn?

It's kinda have that feel. But it's not that simple.

Even if she is a very good Parliamentary official who controls everything in this territory, there is no way that she would be able to punish the lord. And because I'm the lord, it would be perfectly acceptable to have my wife serve me in a maid's outfit....

--I can't. My MP (mental points) for using that kind of excuse would not hold up.

However, there is one person who seems to feel worse about it than I do.

"Charlotte......?"

It was as if he has been affected by my thought, her beloved husband. Charlotte-chan (twenty-nine years old), turns stiffened and sweating. - no, she's already soaking.

I wanted to gather her sweat, boil it, and use it as my own personal seasoning.

--I put aside my more than half-serious thoughts for now.

"I-I'm sorry.......I didn't think anyone would come......."

Ah wait. The lord's wife is dressing as a maid. The lord's wife......

Oh no!

--This is not a joke, nor is it a shameless situation, but rather, it is an extremely serious situation. Charlotte is the daughter of the old and venerable Earl of Terrace. She shouldn't have ever worn a maid outfit. if another maid had come to see her she would have been startled.

"Oh, it's just a little joke."

I'd said that jokingly if it's anyone else. But the person who came to see me is not a commoner, but Parliamentary official Liz, the fourth daughter of the Earl of Bergamot.

A highborn lady and a noble.

Earl's child, the first daughter.

She may be the second daughter by birth's right, but because the eldest daughter already left the family, she is the first daughter and the fourth child of the family.

Why is such a person serving as the Parliamentary official to the third son of the Viscount Damwead family, who is a newly-established Baron? --Actually, she has been an official in the Royal Capital back then only to be treated as merely a <woman>. But here, she has been treated as an equal to Randolph.

I have no idea how many contacts the ladies have with each other, but this situation, when considered between nobles, it might be something like an Achilles heel that shouldn't be seized upon.

It may be turning to something like The second daughter was corrupted by 《Heretic of Damwead》 . Not that it's wrong, but...

--Gufufu!

I know I'm in the wrong, but I can't help but chuckle! --She forgets her noble's pride and dresses as a maid. Women who forget their pride are not our family. A woman who is not a noble cannot marry a noble!

Disowned, disinherited, divorced!

I can understand Charlotte's panic.

I can't help but wonder if Charlotte took that risk and put on a maid's outfit, but now is not the time for that.

-I definitely, definitely have to avoid her being found by Liz.......

But what then? If it is half-baked magic, Liz, who is a noblewoman can use magic better than I can, and will surely be able to see through it. Charlotte herself and Katherine have magic, but with her state of mind rightnow, I don't think I can count on Charlotte's magic.

This twenty-nine year old, she's so loyal to her own desires and willing to go this far.

--even Katherine.

But now is not the time to speak about such things.

Think, you better think something good, Desmond.

To protect Charlotte, my wife--

"My lord? Are you occupied? Please answer me."

Liz's voice sounded like the tax collector from hell.

Then.

"Master, I have a brilliant idea..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84:
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"..............."

Liz walks in, still with her frightening stern eyes.

*squinted*

*squinted*

Glancing around the Office--looking at Katherine, then at me, and...

"So, she's not here..."

"?"

I nearly confusedly tilt my head. I'm no longer disclosing my desires to Charlotte and Katherine, revealing everything to them but I still have to act as the dignified and honorable to Ms. Parliamentary official Liz, the pride of our territory. Liz walks up to me, her lord, and straightening her back, her tied gray hair that hung down on both sides swayed. She has a physique that could be described as "small" (but I'll get killed if I tried to point it out). I was approached by a such beautiful woman with a monocle in her right eye and stiletto heels.

She has a different kind of pressure than Randolph. But that's partly because I'm not very comfortable with her.

Ooooh, she looks like a little girl scout.

But If I mentioned it, I'd probably get killed...

Let it be known that this is not really my type. But if you ask me whether I like it or not, I would say that it is a very close strike around the edge, it wasn't me who made her wear it. It's her uniform from her days in the royal capital. I have nothing to do with it but good job, designer.

Moreover, she has a big bust that doesn't match her "small" physique. The proportions of her body are too ridiculous. I think those might be on par with Charlotte's. Of course, I can't confirm that but I can point out the obvious.

Well, it can be seen as a delicate equilibrium, so it is appropriate to say that her chibi-busty body shape is truly a form of divine creation.

――Gufufu.

To tell the truth, I'd like to take a quick shot at her, but I hold back, then glance up, facing her glare.

"My lord, I suppose you have something to inform me?" Liz's style is always straightforward.

"............. What do you mean, inform?"

It's all the bluff I can muster. Or rather, the utmost poise. --It's okay, right? You didn't catch me glancing at your boobs or getting nervous internally, right? And then there's Charlotte.

*stare*

Her eyes glared at me—no, not glaring, just squinting.

--Well, I mean, I just tried to have sex with my wife, squeezing her tits and having her show me her underwear alongside a real maid -- regrettably, I didn't even get to see her panties.

That means I haven't done any work today at all.

There is no way I can say that. Well, I tried to hide it, but it would have been obvious if she looked at the documents.

*glare*

Liz's eyes were drawn to the paperwork on the desk. Of course, she noticed because I lowered my gaze to the papers while she was staring at me.

I'm in a tight spot.

A sweat runs down my back.

*stare*

And then she raises up her eyes to look at me.

"It appears that your work is not progressing."

Well, Yeah, I was squeezing my wife's tits just a while ago.

"And--" Liz peeked out at me.

Her face is a mature, exquisite beauty, and her "small" figure is almost too indecent to contemplate. What is this feeling? By the way, I am not a member of the Loli cult. probably.

"Is there something on my face?"

Correct. Because I am looking into your eyes. Your pronunciation sounds like a child who is just learning to use it. It causes my heart to race. For two very different reasons!

"Nothing, It's fine," I reply.

She continues to stare at me.

But, aren't we too close? Liz, I'm starting to smell a little bit of your scent.......your Lord is getting a little bit itchy.

But this situation, however, was not good for many reasons.

"Kuh!"

I exclaimed, my hips nearly bucking.

"? My lord, what's wrong?"

"Not thing, I'm fine. There is absolutely nothing there."

Huh? Should I say that? but whatever.

This is exactly the kind of thing that might be bad if people find out about it. --right? It's even worst for you if she finds out. So what are you doing, Charlotte?

That's right. The lord's wife Charlotte is under my desk. And she was stroking the lord's 'lord' on the top of my pants, who had reacted to Liz a little.

Under The lord's desk is my lecherous maid wife.

--Haa, I can't work like this.

She was hiding from Liz, using that same magic she used when she abducted, imprisoned, and assaulted me until she was impregnated, 【Separation Wall】 - the magic that separates the outer world from the inner world - and also 【Soundproof】

What an optimal hiding space!

Charlotte had succeeded in creating an "erotic space" in public. What a waste of talent - or perhaps the best use of it? --What a wonderful utilization.

Katherine's idea was to have Charlotte hide under my desk, and upon hearing this, Charlotte came up with the idea of using magic to complement it.

If she simply used magic to conceal herself, there was a high possibility that Liz, an intelligence mage, would find out about it. But if she hid under the desk, it would actually be a blind spot for Liz. And then there is the 【barrier】. If she simply applies 【soundproof】, she may detect it. However, by separating it with a 【Separation Wall】, the perception is circumvented.

That reminds me, although she uses that magic to imprison me, hide under the desk, etc...I believe it was classified as advanced and almost top-secret magic....... If father-in-law finds out what this girl has done, he might even disown her for it.......

----!

Guu, guuuuuu......."

"My lord, are you sure that you are not... you know...acting strangely? --Katherine?"

"No, Master is acting the same as usual."

Katherine, the way you say that sounds like you are saying that I'm acting strange as usual, there is really no other intention there right, right?

--What if there was?

Imma spank you!

"I'm really fine So? What do you want Liz? ――Ggu.

No, I'm not fine, Please stop it, Wifey, please!

Liz looked at me with a quizzical expression on her face.

"..................I understand."

She straightened up and said.

"Randolph informs me that both Lady Charlotte and Katherine have been conceived. Congratulations, my lord. But why didn't you tell me?"

"――――――"――Oh no!

／

"I wish you would have reported that to me sooner."

When I reported the situation. The lord's wife under the desk prodded me between my legs, which were hardening and causing my pants to tighten under Liz's scary eyes.

My breath becomes ragged, and the overpowering sweetness that rushes between my legs causes me to almost lift my hips. Keep your composure! me!

Having a maid serve under the desk is one of the Lord's fantasies, and I had been planning to do it soon. However, The lord's wife Charlotte took the lead over Katherine, a real maid!

And on a dangerous moment like this........

--This is torture! But Feels good though.

You know what? Wifey Charlotte, we have something important to talk about, okay? After all, the only reason you're here is to keep Liz from finding you, right? Then why are you actively stepping on landmines yourself!!

Zip......♪

This is not good.............it's unzipped...............

Does this girl have absolute confidence in her own magic, or - although she looked flustered, Is the level of danger I and Charlotte herself think different?

But either way, I, Desmond the Chicken heart, now having a hard time with Liz, I have no alternative let my beloved wife play with my cock in front of her!

"The lord's wife's pregnancy is an important matter both domestically and diplomatically. We must plan any countermeasures from now on. The sooner we do that, the better. I am sure my lord is well aware of that."

--Yes, I am very much aware of that. And you also know that, don't you? Lady Charlotte.

She eventually got my pole out of my pants. The pillar of flesh was taken out by my loving wife's hand and was exposed to the outside air in the face of Liz, bringing me even more pleasure.

No, this is honestly addictive, I can't even listen to Liz.......

--Ohhhh!

Charlotte's tender fingers wrapped around my angry flesh. Then, slowly, she begins to move her hand up and down.

"Chuu, *lick*......♡"

Crap! She even uses the lips and tongue reinforcements!

I'm starting to shake.

"Is something wrong, my lord?"

"No, no, nothing......."

"*lick*,*sluurp*......♪"

Kuh, ohhhh.......Getting licked without seeing it makes me feel even more excited than usual.............. The sensation of my pole inflating as Charlotte's tongue and lips entwine with it is terrific.

But the shuddering must be limited to my lower body!

And so The lord's wife teased me.

"I see........" Liz quizzically says to me as she talks about her work.

Sorry, we're both sorry. I'd love to offer Liz a bonus, including an apology, but she would never accept such a thing.

" So, scheduling will be arranged from this time forward, we are aware of the noble factions with which my lord is associated. It goes without saying that informing them about Charlotte's pregnancy would reflect that we care about them, which is the one we would choose to prioritize. So please be very careful about that. I know it's impertinent, but if you have any concerns, please feel free to ask me. I will do my best to help you."

"Thank you. I'm counting on you Liz."

Because we're in this state now.

"Ha~mu♪ rero~......"

Kuh oh.......licking around the tip while sucking on it.......as always, she's good.......

"I'm unworthy of your kind words."

But this ongoing concern is not something I can discuss now.

"Ngg, mmm......"

Ohhh...Charlotte-chan...that's not a toothbrush, okay? The clever girl is brushing her teeth with it and smearing my juice from the tip - Fuuuu, My hip is becoming squirmy......

"My lord."

"Yes."

"Yes?" Liz gives me a suspicious look.

--Oh, dangerous. I'm still a lord. No matter how hard I try to resist the pleasures of the lower half of my body. Lord dignity, Lord dignity.......

"What?"

I reworded it.

"*lick*,*lick* *sluuuuuuurp*......♪"

Vacuum suction, nooo!

Although my hips is already wobbling, -- Act like a man and endure! Me!

"――Yes."

And Liz appeared to be having difficulty saying anything.

What is the matter with her? Such an attitude from her is unusual.

But it seemed to have helped distract my suspicious behavior.

Liz is...

*stare*

"You may ignore this advice, but if it becomes known that Lady Charlotte is pregnant, perhaps someone may be interested in becoming a contender for a concubine."

Instantly.

"Ju!!"

A sharp and frightening pleasure penetrates my core. --

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85:
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Juu!!"

"――Ugh!"

A sharp and terrifying sensation pierced through my core. Suddenly, a chill runs up my spine.

Now that I'm in Charlotte's mouth, I don't want to discuss such a topic.

--Please stop, I beg you!

"My lord?"

"No, nothing."

"Is that so."

"That's right."

Charlotte, the lord's wife, twirls her tongue around the meat pole slowly as she listens intently. I'm no longer in the mood...

However important Katherine and the other women were, they were all commoners except Charlotte. Under the current nobility rules, they are not recognized or welcomed as concubines. But as a heretic of Damwead, I think it would be better if I can break such a stupid rule, but the adversary was too strong for me to challenge it.

Not just a little bit, it is impossible to fight.

However, because she stated that it is a concubine or side chamber, Parliamentary official Liz is now investigating my relationship with the other noble lady. I have to weigh in on such an important matter while my wife is sucking my cock......

--I'm sorry...!!

I know that is not likely, but just in case, I activate 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 on Max and set the hardness to the highest possible level. Regardless of how Charlotte reacts, please don't be fatal, please don't be fatal! Cherish it! don't damage it!!!! (This is so vital that I repeated it three times.)

I couldn't help but shiver as if I was sticking my dick in a crocodile's mouth.

Fuuu

And Liz said

" Well, please note that it is only a potentiality, but then, it is also an effective way to get the support of an influential noble family by taking her as a concubine before others. Does my lord have any particular noble lady in mind?"

"Chupo, chupo......"

You want me to answer now?

--*shivering tremendously*......."

No, I don't have anyone in mind...."

"I see."

--Hmmm?

It must be my imagination, but she looks a little disappointed.

"If there are any, please let me know. I am surely happy to help you."

Somehow, the word "surely" seemed to have a lot of weight in it.......

But what a good official she is, to strongly insist that she is willing to fulfill the desires of her lord. However, if there was someone I was interested in, there's no way I would be able to tell her under these circumstances!

"*pop*...... *lick*......"

--Ummm, there it is.

These licks are like the disinfectant before injections.

and after that...

――*shiver*!

Therefore, there was no time for me to think about the significance of what Liz had said.

"Depending on the person you are going after, some of them may be able to go through, even if she is of a higher rank. So, please don't quit up right away. Maybe start by looking form someone near you?"

――--Oh no, never realized how scary it was to be licked slowly like this......

"My lord? Are you listening?"

"Ah, Oh, yes, I am.

――--Oh, God.

Uh-uh....... I'm about to... Charlotte....... I can't stop squirming and bucking my hips. Her tongue is lovingly flirted with the stiffly erected meat stick, sucking the glans into her mouth and licking it around. When the tip of her tongue is rubbing the head, I almost spill white muddy fluid into this woman's meaty hole.

I tightened my asshole and held back as my raging cock was being tampered.

It wasn't anywhere near as perfect as a maid's service, but it was the time and place! Then she pulled out a little, pressed it aginst her inner cheek, and

"ちゅぷ,ちゅぷ......"

With her tongue, she presses and swirls it. Gurgling, rubbing, swallowing, the softness of it- this is truly trifactor of mouth pussy ~ (as it should be)!

"Nhhh...... Oh!"

Oh ......haah.......She swallows it so deep.......

Then I was aware that Charlotte's well-shaped nose was buried in my golden pubic hair. It was already soggy with saliva, and it was being stimulated by the sniffing of a rutting woman.

Then, Charlotte just stayed in place.

No way, Polynesian oral?

No no no! This is a time bomb isn't it? If it crosses the threshold, it'll explode! There's no telling how many pleasure explosions will occur if I keeps warming up in her mouth.

But first, I have to finish talking to Liz:........

"Therefore, please think about it... .ok? "

--Oh, you're done?

To be honest, I didn't hear the last part, but I'm sure Liz will put the important things on paper.

"Okay, okay."

I replied.

"You only need one ok ."

"Ok......"

*stare* her eyes pointed at me. It can't be helped, right? Lady Charlotte sucked me deep into her throat, and it's about time...

"Well then, please give it some thought. And are you sure you're feeling well?" Liz moved her face closer again. I can smell her sweet scent.

whaー! It's not good!

I'm not sure how I feel about this. My wife is stimulating me directly, but I also feel as if Liz is stimulating me indirectly.

"You seem to be getting restless since a while ago....... If you are planning to go flower picking, you should have told me."

Ummm, I'm not picking flowers, I'm getting picked. What about... Chestnut flowers?

"It's all right, you don't have to worry about it Liz."

"I find it more bothersome to be concerned by you, my lord. If you have something to say, you can say it.

Well, I'm almost there, and I'd like you to leave.

.............

" All right. If I have anything to say, I won't hesitate to say it, but Liz has been taking such good care of me that I don't have much to add. I'd rather have Liz be the one speaking if you have what you want from me."

".................."

"Liz......?"

This is unusual for Liz. She becomes quiet and seems to be thinking about something. -No, she's always thinking, but it's unusual that she seems reluctant to say it.

"............ My lord."

"Oh."

She turned her auburn eyes to me. her gaze looks somewhat lost.

*stare*

But there's no power in it.

"Do my lord like mating?"

"Fuhyaah!?"

"What......?" Liz's eyes widened.

Comes to think of it, Liz is pretty cute, too.

But the lord who had unintentionally raised his voice strangely can no longer afford to think about it.

*splurt* *splurt* *splurt* *spluuuurt*

"Nguu, hmmmnn...♡"

Don't shake, me! Keep the shaking to the lower half!

Keep your bottom hot, and your top cold!

Damn it! it burst out when I was surprised! The lord's wife's mouth is full of seed now, she tightens the back of her throat. Trying not to let Liz, who was peeking at me know that I was ejaculating, I tried my best not to let the trembling of my lower body be transmitted to the upper part of my body.

"Ngg...... Ngugu......"

STOP!!! Don't move your face around while I'm cumming!

I can't stop....... Oh, God.

*splurt* *spluuuurt*.....

"What's wrong, my lord?"

"Nothing, I'm fine."

――Unh, don't look at me while I'm ejaculating anymore, okay?

Although Charlotte and Katherine usually see me ejaculating, it's the middle of the day in the Office during serious business hours. The lord's wife is under the office desk while Liz, the successful Parliamentary official, is staring at me.

My heart is not strong enough to enjoy this situation.

The chicken heart!

Moreover, I'm the one who has to look into Parliamentary official Liz's scary eyes, which makes me shiver. Although I was a little nervous at the sight of her, I was also excited at the sight of her plump lips and big tits.

*splut* *spluuuut*

I'm using her as a visual stimulation.

I feel so guilty....... And a sense of hopelessness that my beloved also wife already found out.

"Nghh, nhh, nhh......"

what bliss.........with my meat cannon jolting, I poured my semen into my wife's throat.

"What's this strange smell?"

"....Is that so?......I-I don't smell anything...?"

Said the source of the smell.

Oh, Charlotte, ......If you want to drink, I'll let you drink later - or better, I'll always let you drink all the time.――Gufufu, fu, ah.......

Finally, the sensitive penis settled down. She licked it. It was a gentle cleaning blowjob. However, I can't stay in a wise-man mode and make a blissful face here!

*Stiff*

*Stare*

Because Ms. Scary Eyes was glaring at me (she wasn't glaring, she just had bad eyesight).

"So? Does my lord enjoy mating?"

Oh, it continued. I mean, how come I thought ejaculating would be the end of it?

But a lord who enjoys breeding is...... Isn't that sound like an evil that needs to be vanquished......? That is a terrible way to put it.

I must be careful not to be overthrown.

――Ehm......."Sure, mating is something I like to do, but I never demanded it from someone else...... only Charlotte."

*splash*!

".................."

--Eh, what's this smell...?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

".................."

Am I smelling a bitch in heat right now? Charlotte, tell me I'm imagining it! After that, she seems to have used 【Eliminate odor】 magic...

"What's wrong?" asked Liz.

"No, nothing."

"Really?"

"Really."

But Katherine - I don't know if she noticed that just now.

...... I mean.

Katherine had a pitiful look on her face. This is not good, this is not good at all.

Furthermore, recently, rather than giving her a normal greeting, I even harassed her by openly rubbing her ample ass. Many times!

"-Oh ho. You have quite an attitude in the beginning but now you are asking for it. What a sinful woman, Katherine."

That kind of payback.

but

――fufu

We stared at each other for a moment. Katherine's mouth was slightly upturned, which made me even more embarrassed.

It is embarrassing to feel like that in front of Liz and now this, but it's hard to get rid of this warm and fuzzy sensation.

You understand right?

So Dear Charlotte, what are you doing under the desk? I'm feeling a warmth on the tip of my flesh that is neither from your mouth nor your hand. What is it now?

*schulp*

Ohhhh... ...... This, this ...... This slutty wife.....did she just? This feeling, there is no other explanation! You little ero monster. ...... It's true that the "ero space" works better than you think and makes you feel safe, but that doesn't mean you can do whatever you want. This is too much.

Then Liz...

" shit ...! I'll be the first..."

What......?

Now wasn't that a great pronunciation? (a/n: a reminder that she uses English words sometimes)

――No, that wasn't the important part.

"Liz......?"

With a calm look on her face (but still with those eyes), she answered

"Yes?"

"Just now......"

"Yes, my lord?"

".................."

".................."――*stare*

"..................nothing "

"―― ok "

"then, thank you for your time. I'll be glad if you consider my proposal."

" A-Alright...... "

Liz bowed with a refined gesture, and as she did so, her bountiful fruit, which did not match her petite physique, swayed. The lord's eyes are glued to it. and...

*Plop* *Plop*......

Charlotte darling, please don't move right now

Ugh, ohhhh...... this feels so good...... Charlotte's vagina is as always superb .......

I'm going to cum very soon at this rate.

――What!

*slap* *slap*! *Smack* *Smack*!

Wait! Charlotte! stop, stop! Do you think it's not a problem anymore?

No matter that you are in the "erotic space" under my desk, If you pound it so hard, the vibration will be transmitted to me. More importantly, I'm trying so hard to keep Liz from noticing that. I'm trying to stiffen my facial muscles and keep the vibrations to my lower half. Just a little more, so please stop!

A little while, just a little while longer, I want Liz to leave the room first. Then I'll pound your hips furiously as much as you wish, so please bear it a little longer, please!

Liz gave me a slightly quizzical look as I struggled to contain it, but she finally backed down on this one. Just before she left the room, she gave Katherine a look. The relationship between these two is also something I don't really understand.

And.

Liz is gone.

"【Soundproof】 --Damn you! You naughty wife!"

I reached under the desk and

Caught the shaking big white ass.

"Haaaaan♡"

"Don't 'Haaaaan' me! You!"

Pushing myself against the desk, I knocked the chair over and started thrusting my hips toward the bitch under the desk.

"Hahyaaaaaaanggg! Aaahhhh ah ♡! Nhoooo! dooon't! Dejumonshama ahngg! This is! Oooh, this is too much... Aaaah ah ah!"

"Oh? You're the one to talk? This is what you wanted right!"

*Flop* *Flop* *Flop* *Flop*

*Squish* *Squish* *Squish* *Squish*

I'm being encircled by the woman's flesh, which is so brimming with flirtatious pleasure.

"In the first place, the reason I put you under the desk was to protect you and not to make you do naughty stuff like this! But you, Charlotte, you!"

*Smack**Smack**Smack**Smack**Smack*

*slap*!

I thrust against her slutty ass, which also slammed backward to me.

"Ahh, aaaaah!"

The folds of her vagina tightened lewdly♡ and her embarrassing juices gushed out. Yet, she did not seem to have learned her lesson at all, not even the slightest bit.

"Oh, please forgive me! Dejumondshama aah! Because, because, there's no way I can stand it when you say things like that...! Aaan! No! If you grind it there, I'll... ahhh... ahh~~~ More♡"

With an extreme motion, my carnal flesh scraped against her flesh. Although the lord was very erect right now, he did not feel that he could win at all against the slutty wife.

Now she simply slammed her hips into me. and I couldn't resist bouncing my hips against her voluptuous ass. However hard I slammed her, this plumpness and firmness accept me to whatever ends, and the amorous flesh that embraces me gives me inseparable joy and pleasure.

*slap* *slap* *slap*

Charlotte's big ass is also moving against my thrust. I slam my hips against hers while trying not to be sent flying off with a solid grip on her hips.

""Ah, it's so intense, so intense aaah! Dejumondamaa!! I-I'm going! I'm going to break♡♡!"

"What are you saying? My Charlotte can't possibly be broken just by this. After all, for you, this is not a punishment for you, but a reward."

"Aaahhh♡♡!!! That's right ♡"

*splash* *splash*!

A honey squirt exploded from our coupling and splashed onto my trousers.

I shuddered.

it was lovely.

"You - you undisciplined maid. How dare you climax before I told you."

I shoved it deep inside and knocked her cervix.

Ggghh...... I was supposed to punish her, but I'm almost at my limit.......

Well, that's okay. There is no limit to the number of times I can punish her.

*slap**slap**slap**slap**slap**slap**slap**slap*

*schulp**schulp**schulp**schulp**schulp**schulp*.......

The lewd slapping and wet sounds continue to play in the Office.

"Gghhhh! I'm cumming, I'm coming, Charlotte. I'm going to cum into this naughty impregnated pussy, the naughty wife cunt that messes with her husband....... oh ...... I'm going to impregnate you, Charlotte, even if you're already impregnated, I'm going to impregnate you with my next child just like this. I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum ohhh!"

"Aaahh! I will give birth to many, many babies as long as it is Desmond-sama's. Please let me conceive. Please let me give birth to lots and lots of children because I have had none until now. ...... "

" Yes! I'm going to keep Charlotte pregnant no matter if you can give birth or not! I'm going to make you regret ever being able to conceive, as many times as I have to ...... Ah!"

"Ahhhh! I won't regret it! I kept my womb empty until now in order to conceive Desmond-sama's child, your child only! Please! Desmond-sama's cum, give me your seed, your penis milk...!"

"Uuuhhooo! I'm cumming! Get pregnant!! Charlotte!"

"Hi, I'm going to be impregnated Haaaaaaaaa~~~~!" Charlotte sprawled under the desk where I can't see it."

I'm worried that she's hitting her head or something.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh, hah, nnggg! It's coming out, it's coming out. ...... Desmond-sama's baby juice, Penis milk...... Delicious ...... The baby also says that daddy's milk tastes soo good. ......ah ......."

Charlotte's pregnant pussy squeezed my pulsating meat cannon as it sucked the content into her cervix as if she was milking me.

Squeeze, squish, squish, squish!

The ejaculation never stops.

The fertilized egg, which we don't even know if it is a boy or a girl yet, is fed with daddy's milk.

I'm so scared of what kind of baby will be born. But, oh well? I'm so happy.

I poured out every last drop and stroked Charlotte's plump ass. Her big white ass peeked out from under my office desk, with the skirt of her maid's uniform rolled up.

A lewd ass lurking under lord's desk.

Seriously. This is so lethal.

――then.

I remember something.

"Master......"

Katherine now is in heat.

--I knew it.

"Okay, Charlotte, switch. Katherine will go under the desk next and--"

You two will serve me!

Today's work is not progressing.

But there's no other way!

Well, at least I'll get it done by the end of this morning's session.

Um um.

I must not annoy the capable Parliamentary official after all.

The lord's heart is full of apologies.

But.

--I'm afraid that the two of them are getting more and more out of control.

but so do I. I love them too much.

"Ah, ah, ah ...... Oh, I can't stop this. ......"

"Charlotte, remember, I'm not allowed you to do this when I'm working, okay ?"

"Haah, ....yes♡"

I don't know how much she understands as she shakes her ass with my thing in her mouth. But let's do it again.

Again and again, and again.

--Gufu, Fufufufufu.

My inner creepy laughter never ceases.

Afterward, I had the two maids put their hands on my desk, offer their asses to me, and fill each of their four holes to the brim with white fluid.

--Yup, I'm never going to finish my work today!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87:
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hah hah ha.

The Beast is running with a tongue hanging out.

"H-Hiiiii!"

And the scream of a man convulsed with fear.

Then it dies out, and only the Beast's breathing remains in the forest.

--How can that idiot call himself an Intelligence agent?

He almost frowns at the unprofessional tone.

However, his "shaking" is also unsuitable for professionals.

The person tries to hold his breath and let the beast pass him by. It is all right. By using that guy as bait, I had sufficient leeway.

The combination of【silence】, 【Eliminate odor】, "blocking presence", 【light foot】, etc........

Skills are those abilities that are developed through the imprinting of a technique. In this world, skill is not something that is either awakened on its own or given by others. It is simply something that is imprinted in the body through repeated practice and training. It is only when it can be activated instantly that it is considered a skill, as well as having a prestigious status.

For this reason, although the "concealment" skill can be used by any person, its level of performance varies from person to person even if they are of the same rank, it's all depending on the individual's strengths and weaknesses. For example, some may have perfected 【silence】 but not in 【Eliminate odor】 some only excel in "blocking presence".

The same was true for the "Chicken Sense" owned by Desmond, the lord of some remote domain. It is unfortunate that he named it "Chicken Sense". it is a result of his temperament. His "magic circuits" which he thinks have become too stiff due to his reckless and careless use of lopsided magic since he was a child, with the stupid amount of his magic power (really stupid amount) that has grown to an unimaginable degree because of it. Then there is his capability of perceiving danger, crisis, mental acumen, resignation, etc.........which were trained every day by the result of Randolph putting his eyes on him all the time since he was a child.

It is a unique skill that has been developed by these things.

However, the "crisis" that he perceives is not something that he consciously realizes, but something that is subconscious or "doomed" to occur, and sometimes it slips through deliberately or is triggered at the very last moment so that even if he escapes physical death, he cannot escape something like social death... --But let's not dwell on that.

A man has infiltrated the Aldora territory as a secret agent. The "concealment" of that person is...

―exceptional.

He had mastered all possible techniques and methods that comprise the art of stealth. Even among his peers, it would be impossible for anyone but a very high-ranking person to detect it.

--Or It was supposed to.

Now, the person was struggling to suppress his own emotional "turbulence."

Never thought that his own emotions could be constantly overwhelmed.

The man is pensive.

--What the hell is that?

He had heard rumors but never imagined anything to this scale.

《Gray Hound》

When the war with the empire continues to skirmish. It is said that he is a legendary mercenary who appears out of nowhere and brings victory to his allies and despair to his enemies. His origins are unknown, and rumors say that he is the illegitimate son of a certain heretical aristocrat, that he is an arising monster, or that he is the ultimate trump card of some secret force.......

At some point, he became the servant of a third-rate noble family with a short history, the Viscounts of Damwead, who can barely survive on the backs of other families. That is why Damwead's reputation was lambasted as having been bitten by the hounds rather than recruited him.

As evidence of this, the 《Gray Hound》 did not engage in combat or even counterintelligence but worked as a caretaker, the escort for the third son, who was also called "Damwead's Heretic." acting as a butler. Since his arrival in Aldora, I have heard that he has been doing an excellent job as a chief butler.

The man retired. He will likely spend the rest of his life with the Damwead's Heretic, whom he seems to be fond of for some reason. The hound has already declined. Such rumors were whispered about. But some, who had dispatched agents to Aldora just in case, were appalled.

The Gray Hound's fangs were neither broken nor whittled down. Rather, they have become sharper, more covert, and ferocious.

Every agent who was released into Aldora was chased back.

No one knows how or why they were exposed. Even his "memory wipe" was flawless.

It was whispered that the 《Gray Hound》 was lurking behind the scenes, but no evidence was ever found. Not even a single strand of hair on its tail remained.

Although it is speculated that something is lurking within the hound's fangs, but nothing can be done to confirm this.

But why would a man like 《Gray Hound》 follow a guy who is nothing but an outcast like "Damwead's Heretic"? A petty, undeserving nobleman who runs away when he sees a corpse on his first battle. Was that a bluff? But even if it is a bluff--

--No one understand.

Furthermore, even if there is something going on in this territory, there is no indication that Baron Desmond Damwead is planning to cooperate with anyone. No matter how magically powerful a noble may be, there is a limit to what he can do alone.

Moreover, it was also recognized that it was against the pride of the nobility to get involved with the "Damwead's Heretic". Moreover, according to the information he had managed to obtain, he was also smitten with the daughter of the Count of Terrace, the woman who had been given to him in marriage as his collar. He was preparing his domain and devoting his energies to her.

And that worked out wonderfully. She was worthless in aristocratic society as a barren woman, but she was more than adequate as a deadweight to hold the small-time noble down.

As far as they were concerned, that was enough scheming against him.

Those were the general assumptions. That is why, although intelligence agents were sent to investigate and obtain information, their activities were kept rather low-key.

Aldora, despite being ruled by the Damwead's Heretic, Baron Desmond Damwead, was also under the protection of the legendary mercenary Randolph Steiner, the Gray Hound. And the fact that he was married to Charlotte Terrace remained. No matter how often she was labeled as worthless, she was still the daughter of the old and venerable Count of Terrace, and her elder sister was comparable to the Gray Hound, the 《Platinum Breaker 》---Because of all that, despite the old saying that if you plug your nose, the stench will be gone,-- Aldora has become an untouchable, impenetrable area.

And later, there was Liz Bergamot, the fourth daughter of the Count of Bergamot. With her ability, character, and appearance, even though she was expelled from the <Royal Capital>, why did she join him as is?

――What a stubborn and arrogant decision.

What is nobility if it does not have pride

Above all, that did not even consider what made him a "heretic" in the first place.

--and that is exactly why.

Hiding in the forest with "concealment" skill, the man tries his best to suppress the feelings that are threatening to well up once again. This person was ordered by his master to infiltrate Aldora.

This was because the other day he received unbelievable news.

--Charlotte Terrace, the second daughter of the House of Terrace, the current eldest daughter, was pregnant.

The noble society was suddenly all aflame, and the wind was blowing fast.

If it is true that she was conceived, her pregnancy could be a sign of the kingdom's internal struggle against a common enemy, the empire. The aristocratic circle, which had apparently been maintaining a balance without any turbulence, had been hit not just a stone, but by a mass of landslides.

Actually, what Desmond put out was not a landslide, but cloudy white mud.

Whatever color it was, it didn't matter if it was still murky and viscous.

If it were true, the situation between Count Terrace and Marquis Swift would be completely reversed. Surprisingly, the Swift family began to push unreasonable demands on the Terrace family, claiming that they had received the ultimate insult.

It was the new head of the Swift family who blamed women for his own incompetence. However women are regarded in noble society only as tools for bearing children, it is outrageous for a nobleman to blame women for his own failure. --It would be fine if it were a commoner woman, one could say that a nobleman's illegitimate child would never dwell in a commoner, but it was the daughter of the old and venerable Count of Terrace, so it was not a good idea to blame the woman for the crime.

Furthermore, the various expedients and unreasonable demands that were thrust upon them in order to take advantage of the situation could be taken as a conspiracy by the Swift family to bring down Terrace.

Even though they have lost power because of the incident with Charlotte, the Terrace family is considered "old" even in aristocratic circles, where respect for blood is paramount. Their ties go beyond the ranks of the nobility. And there are family members that have left the faction that got infuriated by Charlotte's incident, like Charlotte's elder sister that has been given the title 《Platinum Breaker 》. But if - what if - they can finally strike Swift properly this time?

The enemy of my enemy is my friend. The upper-class society is a whirlpool of scheming and plotting. It would not be surprising if the number of distant relatives increased like when someone won the lottery in Desmond's previous life.

No one among them would trust turning the tables, but even so, showing them the bait and putting their hands and feet in shackles would at least help them add to their numbers.

Besides, Desmond was actually admired by the lower-class nobles secretly. Many of the lords had improved their barren and desolate territories because of his agricultural reformation ideas. They could not publicly support Desmond, but if Charlotte was indeed conceived, then she was not merely a weight stone for Desmond anymore, but a "legitimate" link between the Viscount of Damwead and the Count of Terrace in a political marriage. --and it does now.

They could even support Desmond openly, who "rightfully" had the backing of the old family.

This would lead to the formation of a new major faction.

Moreover, even the fourth daughter of the Count of Bergamot, albeit as a Parliamentary official, is now living with him. When Charlotte is no longer a dead weight, her being another "backing" is also...... not entirely impossible.

Even if the Marquis is the higher ranking title, if it is true that Charlotte was conceived, then he is a scoundrel who disgraced the poor second daughter of Terrace. A house that is not worthy of the nobility. There is no justifiable excuse for them. Moreover, if they have forced the Count of Terrace to accept unreasonable demands and favors, there will be no mercy left for them. Asking for help from other houses will be difficult.

As for the Marquis of Swift, the way to overcome this difficulty is to first narrow their shoulders by eliminating the pressure. They remain quiet until the dust settles. Like a politician in Desmond's previous life who fell ill at the perfect time and was taken in and out of the hospital at opportune moments. That is probably one of the best strategies.

Although Desmond was able to impregnate Charlotte by shagging her beyond the bounds of common sense, physical physiology, and the world, it was also true that Charlotte had been unable to conceive even though he had many children with his concubine. If Swift acts mature enough, he can hardly be blamed for this.

But unlike some political figures who have no ethics and no shame, Swift is an honorable man. --No, he was a nobleman, in fact, too much of a proper nobleman. When Desmond proved with his own body that Charlotte was not a sterile woman. It was like he punched Peter squarely and squarely in the face and spat on him.

It is also the fact that Lady Charlotte did not let Lord Desmond sleep for seven days and nights. Katherine may be no different in that regard, but in her case, her stamina for that kind of stuff doesn't last that long.

The Marquis of Swift, the Viscount Damwead, and the third son of the Viscount, Baron Desmond Damwead who was locked up in a remote place such as "Aldora" for some political reasons.

There is no way that an overly upright nobility can overlook this.

The nobles' struggle was inevitable.

What a magnificent chain reaction.

Starts with Lord Desmond that simply did his best to do something lewd to the woman he loved.

And so, Peter Swift, Charlotte's ex-husband, gets insulted in the most extreme way possible.

Who could feel sympathy for him?

However, there is someone like him in Aldora Territory, an intelligence agent, a spy, and even an assassin that targeted Charlotte and Desmond. Once the originator of the fact of her pregnancy is gone, the spark will be extinguished before it becomes an ember. This is why they are sending them one after another. By Various nobles, factions, and individuals. Some of them may even come from other countries to take advantage of the situation.

They are the best of the best.

The legendary mercenary, Gray Hound. Randolph Steiner, chief butler, knight-errant, and now a quasi-nobleman to whom Desmond has entrusted his (magic) sword, is beating his old bones - or perhaps he is just rejuvenating them! He is so gleeful that he seems to be turning young again.

He is a handsome man who does not let even a single cat child pass him by.

"Hoho, there you are!"

He said to the one who was hiding in the forest.

It was an appealing voice.

It sounded as if it was an old-aged scotch.

At the far end of his gaze――the assassin is now facing,

――the Gray Hound.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88:
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ho ho, you've outdone all the others who have visited here so far. If they had been as excellent as you, I would have enjoyed myself more."

Ho, ho. It laughed with its mouth parted

--It's a gray hound.

Not a metaphor.

Standing amidst the trunk of a tree, the assassin's gaze fell on a grey dog sporting bushy grey eyebrows.

The dog looked similar to a Miniature Schnauzer breed in Desmond's previous life,

--A monster.

This must be the 《Grey Hound》's 【Grey hound】that many have heard about.

The assassin suddenly put his hand on the knife at his waist with "natural" movement. The "naturalness" of the action is like the wind blowing. It is nothing more than a "naturally occurring phenomenon". No one can stop the wind from blowing, even if one is averse to strong wind.

That person reached for his waist. Trying to take the blade to kill.

But what of that?

Even though it is apparent, the movement is so natural that it went unnoticed.

That is the essence of the skill "stealth."

【Naturalness】.

You know it, but you can't perceive it.

You can see it, but you are not aware of it.

Without awareness, before you know it, your sense is being stolen away from you, along with your head.

The assassin is not holding up the knife that he has pulled out.

It is a very "unnatural" action.

Holding the knife in his hand, the assassin approaches the gray dog with the gait of a humming man, as if he is just out for a walk.

"Ho"

And the gray dog laughed.

The laughing dog.

Unnatural.

The dog that can speak.

Also unnatural.

Killing a dog with a knife.

Natural.

Very much so.

Then there came the sound of metal and teeth clashing.

sparks flying.

He couldn't kill the dog.

But that is natural.

The assassin tried to leave the area...

--But that was impossible.

If it had been a typical foe - no, even a skilled assassin - his neck would have been sliced. Trying to deal with an opponent in an unnatural way will put you on the back foot. While feeling a sense of discomfort, he managed to resist the urge to bite back, making him a first-class professional.

But the person in front of him--

"Hoho, this is something."

The dog was circling in front of the assassin.

It was a "natural" movement.

The dog asked the man to play with him because there's no one else in the area except him. It was as "natural" and "unnatural" at the same time.

"Interesting. There are not so many people who can use such a technique. --Are you with <Ephemera>? A shadow belonging to a noble family. Performs work that cannot bespeak. --I've long missed such a strong scent." the dog sniffed "But it's not entirely right for me to judge. I'm just a gray dog after all."

His cheerful tone is like that of a good-natured old man. Combined with the dog's appearance, it seems "natural".

The talking dog and the silent assassin.

Putting the sword aside, the scene is strange, yet somewhat comical and lighthearted.

However, beneath the surface, there were many, many sword exchanged.

--It's impossible. There was no way to win, not even a way to escape.

The assassin tries to step out with his right foot.

Naturally.

the dog's gaze turns toward him. "Naturally"

He stops "Unnaturally"

The assassin tries to throw another weapon.

Naturally.

the dog's fangs intercepted in the shot. "Naturally"

"Unnaturally" he stopped.

All of the assassin's attempts were discarded as "unnatural" without any real action being taken.

――Not good.

Gradually, the assassin's 【Naturalness】 was being neutralized just by being around this dog, as if a thin veil was being removed layer by layer.

At this rate, he felt that he would not be able to use it anymore.

One cannot tell what is natural and what is unnatural when it is made incomprehensible by something that has transcended the natural concept.

For example, a person may become so tense that they do not know how to move their limbs. The more "natural" something is, the more conscious we become of it, and the less we know how to do it.

It was similar to that.

At this rate--

"Ho!"

The dog chuckled.

"Don't you think this is enough?"

And the dog speaks.

It talks.

And Nods.

"Why don't you surrender? I, for one, would regret the death of a person of your caliber. It would be --- so uninteresting."

-- shudders.

Then.

The gray dog's eyes widened and its fangs snapped at the assassin.

It was the form of a smile.

But of a carnivore, of a predator.

--Ah, I cannot win this.

The assassin thought.

But still, he is, after all, a " Shadow".

He holds up a knife.

"Unnaturally", but "naturally".

"Hoho!"

And the dog laughed again.

""………………""

What the assassin are trying to uphold is not their mission, but just their pride.

To the nobles, an assassin is nothing but dirt.

They are nothing.

And yet, the assassin also felt that they had gained something from the mission.

Not for the sake of the master, but for their own self.

Then, both of them...

-- kicked off and rushed through the forest.

Every time they crossed swords, sparks flew and a metallic clanged followed.

A dog's fangs and an assassin's knife. If the two fought a fair fight, the assassin's body weight would probably be greater than the dog's. However, one should not be underestimated the canine's physique. Although it may be small, every part of it is a mass of muscles.

Without any stagnation, the four limbs that kick the ground send out a strong momentum that makes all the muscles in the body move.

Its stability in its neck enables it to withstand strenuous movements, and its supple joint allow for a fluid flow of energy. Flexible change of direction. On top of that, his small frame allows him to move with great agility.

Furthermore, the brain that controls the dog is the 《Gray Hound》 a mercenary who has fought many battles in the past. Though small, this wild animal is equipped with a skillful and expert mind.

Its fangs and claws wield a ferocious edge.

The assassin slashed down his knife diagonally to the left. That is a milestone. He chooses his next move according to the dog's reaction. The dog dodged to the right. Then, he kicked up to the right side.

The dog moves backward by a hair length.

Jupmping up, while still has momentum of his kick, he used 【Fixed(Position)】on his ankle. Turning it to a pivot point and then folded other limbs, switching his knife to the right, he swing his entire body at the maximum speed. His neck turns around first, gazes fixed on the dog, and the body follows. Now upside-down and knife pointed toward it, he deactivated【Fixed】then kicked the air and reaped forward as if his body was a knife, aiming at the front left leg.

"Ho!"

The dog snickered.

The assassin hit the left forefoot.

No, the foot blocked it.

However, he pressed on, causing the dog to lift off the ground.

Now that he was suspended, the options he could take narrowed down. The assassin delivers a follow-up attack while adjusting his own stance.

Fighting is like playing Chess. The assassin tries to narrow down his opponent's options by eliminating the possible moves, and then he tries to connect them, leading to decisive attack. Once you have achieved that, the check is called.

This is not a fistfight between amateurs.

It is an exchange of refined and well-developed skills and techniques.

All they did now was just a series of small moves. Or rather. just subtle.

Limbs movements, feints, bluff, gaze, the spirit, etc. ........

In a competition when all players are on equal footing, flashiness is a guaranteed way to lose, therefore they play steadily and gradually to increase their cards.

--Stacking up move after move.

Sweat soaked the assassin's skin. Only a single dog. Such a thing should be an easy opponent for a skilled assassin. But he couldn't grasp it. They were evenly matched. No, he was pushing. It is the assassin who is getting closer to the king. But he was only able to make it to just that.

"Hoho, you're doing your best I see."

The dog smile.

Can he hold on?

-- No.

It is the assassin who is making the push. That much is certain. But despite the suffocating offense, Randolph the 《Gray Hound》 had plenty room to spare. Why? Because what he is doing is controlling the 【Grey hound】. He is not confronting the assassin physically. He's just controlled the dog remotely.

*slash*

The assassin get the check mate. He neatly gouged out the cervical vertebrae and severed the animal's neck.

But.

"Hoho, how far can you go I wonder?"

The forest stirred as if it were billowing.

Through a gap in the trees, there's another gray dog.

The same breed of dog that the assassin had just decapitated.

One.

Two.

Three.

And more.

Their sizes varied. They ranged from small dogs to ones as big as calfs.

One by one, the packs of greyhounds began to show their appearance.

The voice emerged from the mouth of the dog's decapiteted head.

"Well now, I'm very fortunate to meet you."

The dog's lips lets out the words.

Right now there are only a few of those who infiltrate Aldora. And they have been taken care of. Therefore, there is no problem in allocating more Grey hound to this area.

That's right, this is the magic used by Randolph Steiner. 【Grey hound】 is more than just the ability to control a single dog. He sends these dogs all over Aldora. Sometimes automatic, sometimes with manual control. These dogs are not a real dog nor alive. They're just magical beings created completely from scratch by Randolph.

By using them, he had single-handedly performed the counter-intelligence operations for Aldora. Although there were more visitors than before, it was not so much that he cannot handle them.

Though it would be more difficult if all the guests cooperated with each other.

Each of the guests had their own agenda. It was easy enough to defeat them individually.

That is exactly why.

He triple the amount.

Is it possible to deploy such a pack of animals with such skill? What kind of training allows this to happen? No, it cannot be called training. It's torture, madness. The skill must be based on the accumulation of such things that one would hesitate to even mention, let alone undergo.

The assassin shuddered with horror and tinge of pity.

--that means I wasn't a match for him in the beginning. ......

Resignation.

But at the same time, he also felt a burning desire. It was a failure as an assassin, as a "shadow". But

She held up her knife.

Her opponent was the legendary 《Gray Hound》 one of the most powerful individuals in the world.

It is worthy of death.

She rushes forward. With her whole body and soul.

"That's the spirit."

The dog laughs.

Laugh.

Laugh.

Laugh.

--The whole pack Laugh.

Today on the impenetrable territory of Aldora, ruled by the Damwead's Heretic, Randolph is whipping his old bones - no, he's happily entertaining his guests.

But the lord didn't know about it at all.

--Well, it seems that Desmond-sama is holding a tea party for the ladies today.

Oh, that's good. Meanwhile, I was invited into another state of affairs.

--Interesting.

I am but a dog with a sword.

and today, I shall run wild to my heart's content.

There is the sound of dog teeth clashing in Aldora's forest.

It echos.

It clanged.

"Now, let's pick it up, shall we? Hohoho."

Grandpa Randolph is so busy, he doesn't have time to grow old.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

How does this happen?

"Thank you for inviting us today, Desmond-sama. You look wonderful and charming as ever. My daughter and I are honored that you are the lord of this estate."

At the parlor of my place, befitting a lord's mansion, no bragging! It is elegant and classy, decorated with serene furnishings, creating an atmospheric feel without being overly glamorous.

A table in the center has elegantly carved wood as support and a glass plate on top. A sofa is on either side of it.

The lord's wife and The lord sitting side by side comfortably at the seat. I was wearing neither too casual nor too extravagant shirt and pants. Sitting next to me is Charlotte, with her wavy platinum blonde hair and big emerald eyes, so pretty that it's hard to believe she's the most senior among the group. And thanks to all the times I've taken her, her cute beauty now exudes a hint of sex appeal ――What is this invincible creature? ――Oh? she is my wife? ――Gufufu.

Although wrapped in a neat and fashionable dress, her irresistible body is not something that can be suppressed. I'll say it again because it's important, what an invincible creature.

The beautiful lord and lady sitting side by side on the sofa, it is a picture-perfect sight. In my previous life, I would have been obliterated by the sight of such a noble presence.

Beside her, Katherine, a first-class maid was standing by and "blocking" her presence to the point I had to turn my head to even notice her. She was Charlotte's personal maid, but since she was getting nightly double-teaming, plus carrying her master's illegitimate child in her womb, she belonged to me now, not to Charlotte.

Jeez, you really want my attention, don't you? ――Gufufu. I want to rub her big butt right now, but I can't do it here.

A cold beauty with her reddish hair tied up. She in her in a maid outfit, her body can be called lender except for her big buttocks. If you look at her from this side, you can't mistake her for anything but a first-class maid. I still can't believe that she is the same person as the naughty, useless masochist maid who quickly turns into a blubbering mess while the lord and the lady continue to work hard at each other.

Of course. she's really good at it.

I'm such a sinful man.

Although I want to, it was impossible for me to behave that way at this time.

After all, today was a tea party with the girls. --

"Desmond-sama and Charlotte-sama, thank you for inviting me today."

She said with a crisp voice.

Maia was sitting on the opposite sofa from us. A Twenty-seven years old.

She has a nice-looking peasant face that was well tanned by the Aldora's sun, her flaxen hair is in braids and she has a pair of auburn eyes, a characteristic of the people of this region. She looks like a good-natured lady with a pleasant air about her, and she is exactly what she looks like. ――At least, as far as I know.

Dressed in a modest short-sleeved blouse and trousers, she has a good build, probably because she does a lot of heavy farm work every day, and her arms are thick and muscular...... Her wide shoulders support a magnificent ample bosom that rivals Charlotte's (which is why it's ridiculous for my wife to have equally or greater bosom with those slender shoulders), and her buttocks, which sink into the sofa, are also very voluptuous.

She, like many of this world's residents, is a sight to behold.

Certainly a motherly figure, but it is hard to believe that she already has three children, the oldest of them being 11-year-old Hannah. By the way, I have never had any sort of sexual relationship with her.

-Un, I'm really glad about that.

Moreover, she is the first commoner friend of my beloved wife. Ah, this old man is about to shed tears of joy. After all, she, like me, has no friends - What? Why am I tearing up again?

--Let's just put it aside, before I left for my official duties in the Moire village, Charlotte was....

"Maia, would you like to come to my house?"

She made a promise.

And now it has finally been fulfilled.

Lastly, there was another that took advantage of the opportunity.

"Desmond-sama and Charlotte, thank you for inviting us today."

To the right, facing Maia, is Emily.

She is the daughter of a native of this area, but instead of flaxen hair and auburn eyes, she has golden hair and blue eyes, much like mine. Her features are still young at the age of six, but she contains nobility and a winning face that guarantees her beauty in the years to come...

--That's right, she is my real daughter.

My first child from the lord and the local.

Far from jealous or angry about her - although that didn't make her any less lonely - Charlotte was proud of the fact that I was fulfilling my duty as a noble by giving commoner my seed, and a child born from a commoner is not recognized as a member of the nobility. Remembering her innocent, pure, and sparkling eyes at that time, I feel my stomach tightening.

Emily, at the age of six, desperately wanted to have a baby with her daddy.

--Cough! (vomits blood) What she was doing was lethal weakening debuff magic that whittled away (and still is) her Papa's MP(mental point).............

If I'm not recognized as a descendant of a noble family, I'm not my daddy's child even though we are related by blood, so I can marry him, and with the power I inherited from my daddy along with the intelligence and education I inherited from my mommy, I can rise to the rank of quasi noble and then eventually become a concubine.......

What a bogus family plan!

But she is still a child. Even if she had such a scary plan, there is no immediate concern. Besides, I won't allow her to do such a dangerous thing to become a quasi-noble, Papa won't allow it! She is my precious daughter no matter what!

There is no ulterior motive.

That girl is trying to get me, her dad.......

--Cough! (coughing blood)

Emily sits on the couch, looking adorable in her dress. But this cute six-year-old still called my 29-year-old wife cute, what an invincible creature...... --So far, so good.

but...

"It is a pleasure to meet you for the first time, Lady Charlotte."

To the right of Emily, she sits with a gentle smile on her face.

--Why is your mother with you!!

Why hadn't anybody told me? I, the lord, the highest authority in charge of deciding who to accept as a guest, had no idea Sophie was coming.

--Well, to be precise, Charlotte did ask me in advance whether it was okay to have one more visitor.

But it went some what like this.

"Alright, but who?"

"Come on, Desmond-sama. Can't you just look forward to it?"

And then she slumped down on the bed, and I was like.

"Fufu, fine, now that I'm giving you permission, why don't I make you pay with your body?"

"Ya~h, the wicked lord is going to force his hand on me... ♡"

-Ungh, that's totally my fault.

Honey trap, how dangerous.

But! I can't believe you called Sophie!

Moreover, Charlotte slides up to me and intertwines her fingers with mine, as if she's trying to show off.

Hey, Sophie, you're trying to look nonchalant but you're clenching your fists! Our daughter is just there! She's smiling gently as usual, but her eyes aren't smiling!

Beauty with a gentle face like hers is nothing but scary!

Sophie is twenty-five years old. She has Emily at nineteen.

Her flaxen hair, characteristic of the people of this region is long and flowing, kept in place at the nape of her neck by ribbons at both ends respectively. As an inhabitant of this world, she is also very good-looking.

Opinions are divided on whether to call her other feature a chopping board or a cliff wall. But it is a rare commodity, if you are an older gentleman, you must be agreeing right now, nodding your head with a sincere smile at the fact that it has more advantages than simply "just there"

How one can value "something" when there is "nothing".

But there was more on my mind right now.

That was ――Aren't those showy blouses and skirts the same ones you wore when we made Emily?

--*clatter* *clatter* *clatter* *clatter*...... (desperately trying to keep my knees from shaking)

I knew she still had an affection towards me. After all, back then when she saw two sisters playing together, she said.

"Desmond-sama, if Desmond-sama had not been a noble, Emily would have another sister, or maybe even a younger brother?"

――Fufufu? I wouldn't have been able to stomach it if she looked up at me with lovely, watery eyes and a somewhat melancholy face now that I'd remembered my past life and regained my libido, would I?

Even if I sense an interior motive in it.......

I'm scared.

--Am I going to die today?

If you're going to kill me, can you at least kill me gently, please?

Well, I don't think that Charlotte and Katherine would let them kill their beloved. It was Charlotte who set up this situation in the first place.

Katherine's investigation into events in my life begins from a long separation from my family—til now.......It was a long time, she had apparently been investigating every of my step and reporting back to Charlotte. So, it should be obvious that she knows Sophie has ongoing feelings for me and is trying to have another baby.......

.......No way, Charlotte-chan, you're not going to show Sophie how much you and I love each other and use her as a pawn in your insidious little games right?......as expected of a noble with too much time on her hands...........

That can't be the case, right?

Even though Charlotte is the daughter of the Count of Terrace, a noble family with a long and venerable history, and was educated with an ideology of noble supremacy, she herself is a good girl at heart. I tell her that commoners are human beings, that we are all human and now that she has a commoner friend, there is absolutely no reason to toy with her.

Yes - I believe that. Also, she's a naughty girl, naughty girl! (I said that twice because it's important.)

That's why, even if Charlotte knows from Katherine's investigation that Sophie is the mother of my First Child, the <D Children>, and has the right to ask the first night's right in which the people ask the lord for a nobleman's seed as a wedding gift. Also, the fact that I did know that her scheme starts when I had come to accept her, the fact that I held her and cherished her because she gave birth to my child. All of that has been conveyed to Charlotte through our newly developed "telepathy" so...... she can't possibly be planning to do something with her because of all that right.........

R-right?

*clatter* *clatter**clatter* *clatter* *shake* *shake*

I'm trying my best to keep it under control on the surface, but I can't seem to stop my knees from shaking.

The two of them are smiling at each other in an almost innocent way, but between them, the purple electricity sends out sparks and makes my face turn blue, and although no magic was involved, I can even sense that the temperature in the room is dropping dramatically.

And if my real daughter Emily asked.

"Desmond-sama, why's the air between mommy and Charlotte-sama looking like that?"

"Well, the answer is. --I'm outta here!"

It wouldn't be strange if I exploded right then and there! (I can't help but think that it won't be that bad if that actually happens, I won't have to go through the ordeal at least.)

Generally speaking...

My legal wife facing the woman who gave birth to my first child.

My daughter and the one that's out of the loop...I think――my legal wife's friend.

Lastly, a useless naughty maid that just stands watching!

What kind of midday drama is this?

And it's not my doing!

The bloody battle for me is about to begin—please, stop this! I'll do anything!![/b]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While I was working hard to reform the territory, I had the opportunity to meet the daughter of the village chief and became friends with her. When I first met her, she was a beautiful girl who was malnourished and sickly due to food shortages.

As a result, even after the domain management resumed its normal course, we continued to run into each other frequently while I was on inspection visits. As we chatted, we grew closer.

To be honest, I don't know what she liked about me. I had no romantic experience, including in my previous life. Perhaps it was the fact that I did my best to talk to her in such a situation. The rest - is it my face? It's all about looks, isn't it!

--Well, probably not that. I don't think she could have gone that far just because she fell in love with my looks. But unfortunately, I can't think of any other reason.

Anyway, she fell in love with me for some reason, and she became zokkon(completely) crazy about me. It's a dead meme. But since I'm a reincarnated person, it is safe to consider it after death so I can sue it, I guess.

Leaving that aside, it seems that she has become so attached to me like I am the only man in her life. Besides, she was always frail and sickly, and although she was the daughter of the village chief, that was no advantage since there was an older sibling. Being only the daughter of the village chief, she was able to read, which was rare in those days, and she had some knowledge from reading books that had been passed down from older generation, but she had no place to put her knowledge to good use.

Because of that, she remained unmarried at the age of nineteen.

There was nothing left for her to do, nothing to lose. Therefore, she was determined. With her weak body, She wants to bore and birth my child even if it costs her life.

Apparently, that's what she really believed in.

However, I wouldn't say that she is weak.

She was ill Physically. At the time of her imminent death, if she met a purpose worth burning her life for, all she had to do was to rush forward.

As for me being chosen as that partner, I'm happy, confused, and even scared...... really, why......?

Anyway, so she has found a way to do it.

It is the special first night right that only a single daughter of the representative of the village is allowed to have.

Having carried out such large-scale territory reforms, I was regarded as a deity by the people of the territory. Then Sophie caught onto the idea. The idea of an empty air marriage, with me as the guardian god of the village and locals, a sacrificial offering to the guardian deity. In this way, a commoner could exercise her right of first night by asking the lord for his seed, even if she did not have a husband. Moreover, as a proof that she had become a sacrifice to the guardian deity, I had to pour sperm into her until she was impregnated.

The establishment of that system was aided by the influential people of the village, and by the observant and jolly old man left behind by my father, Randolph. it's amazing that Sophie was able to get those people involved... She went that far to get what she wanted...

And then the final nail in the coffin was her request.

"Desmond-sama, I want to have your child even if I die. Because it would serve as proof that I had lived."

How can I refuse her? I am already close to Sophie back then, and to be honest, I was not only interested...... in her, but also sympathetic.......

That's how Emily came to be.

Back then - and still was, I already have a legitimate wife, Charlotte, who can't get pregnant.........I wanted to have her look back at me, but if I accept this, the possibility of it might vanish, but I still can't refuse Sophie.......

I never imagined that I found myself knee-deep in such a quagmire.

In the end, I accepted her, pumped her full of my semen until she was conceived, and poured her full of 【heal】 through my semen as a medium. Thanks to that, she got better as I observed her, and now she's raising Emily to be a fine young woman. ――it's admirable... In order to raise the literacy rate and education of this Aldora, She's teaching at the lord's academic institution.

That's right, Sophie is a teacher!

She was literate, to begin with, and I gave her the book when she asked for it....... Well, from that book, she discovered the ticket to be able to have her wedding night without a husband and be lavished until she was impregnated....... Well,......I guess it's my own doing after all............

Well, thanks to her, Aldora's literacy rate has increased dramatically, more romance books are being published, and Charlotte has found a friend named Maia.

Many things have fallen into place, and everything is good.

As for Emily, Charlotte accepted her case as Noble's duty, and my fears were unfounded. It was supposed to be like that, but.......

Why is this happening!

It was supposed to be a peaceful tea party. Then Sophie, the supposedly so thoughtful Sophie.

"Why did Charlotte suddenly decide to notice Desmond-sama? I have often seen Desmond-sama out alone, but I have never seen Charlotte in person before."

*shake* *shake* *shake*......。

Don't shake, my chicken heart! Don't you scream, my knees!

" You are beautiful, and you are the one Desmond-sama has always loved. May I ask what change of heart has come over you? I know it's condescending and rude, but as a woman, I'd like to ask you merely for the sake of learning."

Um,.......Sophie......?

Were you that kind of a character......?

I thought you were more meek, intelligent and...... cunning?

-- Well, that's exactly what you are, isn't it.......

After all, its words and behavior are on the edge. The contents seemed to be exquisite and not insulting to the nobility. As a commoner, her stance was that she was curious about the acts of high nobles, -- also she was interested in the topic as a woman.

Seeing that Charlotte likes romance stories, it is clear that in this world, even though there is no sexual desire, there is still love for romance.

In aristocratic circles, where women are seen only as tools to bear children, political marriages are favored, and indulging in love affairs is the object of scorn, while commoners will not be looked upon with contempt even if they are openly curious about love affairs. Moreover, The lord's wife, Charlotte, desired romantic tales, even though this territory was in the middle of nowhere, but if the literacy rate was high enough that even Maia, a mere farmer, could read, there was no reason for the merchants not to distribute their goods to the stores in the territory after they delivered them to The lord's wife!

This is why romance books are so widely available in the territory, even used as a replacement for language textbooks. I would die if my favorite books were used in such a way, but - Well as if the erotica romance books would ever be used as a textbook. Hm? Isn't that add some value, like "Book that accompanies the lord at night" or something?...... I'd die a million times if that were the case! --Good thing there's no Erotic stuff in this world!

As for Charlotte's favorite -- I think it was from Ms.Viviane, was it? (Is it just me, or does that sound a little erotic?) ――it was already a well-known name too. Shame on these Aldora women.

--Stop talking off-topic, me.

Therefore, if she told her that as a woman, she was interested in romance, the sense of rudeness would be even lessened.

--But if one were to look into Sophie's words...

"I've always seen Desmond-sama strolling alone in loneliness --How nice for a beautiful person like to be loved like that even though you've been wicked to him all this time. And? Why the sudden change? I had Desmond-sama's first child - look at this Emily. This blonde hair, blue eyes, and noble features, while I have flaxen hair and auburn eyes....... Fufu, it's Desmond-sama's blood, my own child. My womb was used by Desmond-sama♡."

The part about being lonely and alone was superfluous, and whether Sophie thought so or not, it could have been a biased reading on my part, but if one wanted to read that deep, then it is that deep. It's no longer tongue-in-cheek, it's a declaration of war, a first shot!

--This is bad, it's so bad that I can't help but cower, stifling my breath.

And if I might add, that learning is definitely about me. Sophie, like Charlotte, is not so conceited to say that I am the only man in her life.

I don't know how much Charlotte knows - and I don't sure how she's going to respond, but I'm, in many ways, really uncomfortable.......

I do care about Sophie. And I adore her too. After all, she has stayed by my side for a long time, even though I couldn't get Charlotte to notice me, and I said that I couldn't respond to her love, She was always with me, always walking three steps behind me.

Truthfully, if only Charlotte will pardon me, I want to give Sophie a second child as well, just for my own selfish desires, and I'm sure she'd go wild over it, and I'd like to fuck her using the sexual arts as well.

Still, it's Charlotte I love the most.

And, Sophie is in danger now.

She is a commoner and we are nobles. That's a line that should never be crossed.

No matter how much my "Damwead's heretic" believes that nobles and commoners are all the same. this world's system is created by an elite society of kings, princes, and lords. The nobles don't think of the commoners as anything more than their own property, which is terrible! It would be easy to understand that I am also fed up with it.

Yet, it is because of the presence of nobles with magical powers that the commoners' territories are protected, and even though they are being exploited, they can live their days in peace. Of course, although I use the word "exploit." it is a fair price to pay for the protection of their daily lives, as long as it is not excessive abuse. Some of them are good lords like me, thinking about people, like me... (I said it twice because it's important).

So, if Sophie oversteps that......because our relationship hasn't yet broken free of the commoner-noble relationship, even if I have a soft spot in my heart for Sophie--

--Stop, Sophie, please, don't make me reject you.

"--Fufu, don't worry, Desmond-sama. I won't do anything to make you feel sad."

"Eh......?"

And then I look next me, as she, my dearest wife....

a charming smile appeared on her face.

--No, she didn't just say that, did she? And I'm sure Charlotte didn't open her mouth either.

It was as if she had spoken directly into my head-

"Yes, I did."

And with a fine gesture, Charlotte sipped her cup of tea. I wonder which one I want to be, the tea or the cup. It's hard to decide whether I would like to be gulped down or kissed.

――Stop.

However pretty she may be, she is so much like a proper madam that it is hard to believe that she is the same person as the lewd monster on the bed. Even if I am the husband who degraded her, I honestly feel pressured.

Charlotte put the cup back on the plate and said

"I didn't do anything. In fact, it was Desmond-sama who came into my bedroom and said things to me that I would not have dared to say now. He spoke to me with sweet words that I could not stand any longer. I have been seduced then and there......"

And then....

Charlotte's moist eyes and sweet voice grated toward me.

--Wha...eh......?

Rubbing her body against me like a cat, - it's like she's marking me...... in front of Sophie.

"Wow......."

No! My six-year-old daughter Emily is watching! She even puts her hands on her reddening cheeks!

And next to her, is her mother with blue veins on her temples, desperately trying to stifle her emotions!

--Kill me! Please Kill me now! Of course, it felt good to be rubbed by Lady Charlotte, but I can't stand this situation!

"--Fufu, isn't that right, Desmond-sama?"

Even so, when she whispers to me while blowing on my ear, The lord can't help but feels a shiver run down his spine, even under such circumstances.

"it seems that you two are very close."

Sophie's voice is like a bitterly cold wind. She is a woman who was once prepared to die. Regardless of the fact that she was dealing with Charlotte-sama, a noble and his wife, she never backed down. That's honestly impressive.........

Sophie is a smart woman. Still, she lost her patience in front of Charlotte after seeing her attitude toward me. It was astonishing, though, that she was able to hold back so much.

-Ah, God, I can't take it anymore.

"So Sophie, won't you give us your blessing?"

I said.

Sophie widen her eyes and bit her lip.

Maybe this is the line I need to draw. If I have to choose then I'm choosing now.

"Pardon me...I understand... I'm so happy for you and your wife. Desmond-sama, Charlotte-sama."

"Umm." I said.

"Mother......."

"Sophie......"

Emily and Maia are trying to soothe Sophie.

I feel soooo guilty....... But, well..........

And then.

"That's splendid, Sophie." Charlotte said, opening her mouth. She smiled at me with her lovely, pretty looks. All eyes in the room turned to her.

She is my beloved wife, The lord's wife Charlotte, who is the mistress of the place.

"I didn't mean to cause Sophie any grief. I want to test a few things out, and she passed--"

......what's going on? Hey, you almost scared me to death.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Underground. Deep beneath the Desmond mansion is a place that Randolph surreptitiously acquired and developed during the ground-level transformation that was carried out by him as part of the agricultural reform in Aldora territory.

There lies a dungeon. Contains the assassin who had infiltrated to assassinate Desmond and Charlotte, a "shadow" in the service of other nobles, a first-class assassin who is known as 《Ephemera》. She fought 【Gray Hound】 controlled by Randolph Steiner at Aldora border, and as a result, she is captured.

The underground jail, where sunlight cannot penetrate.

in there.

"Hoho, you are more honest than I thought you would be."

A deep voice, like a well-aged scotch.

Randolph Steiner, the gray Hound.

He stands in front of her prison cell with the "naturalness" of a man who just happened to walk by.

Gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and mustache. At first glance, he seemed like a warm, good-natured old man, not someone you'd expect to be wielding such terrifying power. But again...

Any living creature has to show some sign of presence. But beyond the bars from the assassin's perspective, there is no trace at all.

No, it is not that there is no trace.

The presence is definitely there. But he just blends in with the presence of the underground.

This is Randolph's "inaction", which he himself called the 【gray zone】. Like wind and water, something "natural" that we can see but cannot fully perceive, something that we can observe but cannot bring to our attention to. When the wind blows, we may feel that it is strong. We "naturally" do not think of the wind, also without being aware of why it is blowing. This is the essence of the skill of "stealth" to make the other person not be "aware" of your actions.

His captured assassin, if her skill in 【stealth】 were to be ranked, it would be something equivalent to an "A" rank. That alone makes her a top-notch assassin. If someone standing in front of her, they'll not aware of her even after their head missing. But the 【stealth】 of the good-natured old man standing in front of her is equivalent to an "S".

He has surpassed the wall.

The woman's 【stealth】 makes her presence seem transparent. But Randolph's 【stealth】 was like he melted away in the darkness. Like if he wanted to, he can make his presence blend into the rocks or even into the iron bars of the room. But is this possible for a "living being"? Is it possible for a "living being" to blend in with inorganic while remaining "living"...... Then he opened his mouth.

He was speaking to her, but his presence was dissolved in the darkness. Unless one is a first-class assassin and is constantly aware of his presence, it is impossible to form an image of him before her eyes, thus making her feel as if he were speaking to her through the darkness. It results in an irreconcilable "contradiction."

That's why he has already surpassed the wall.

Like the infamous 《Platinum Breaker》 he is one of the "strongest" in the Kingdom.

She swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

"Honesty matters not. I hate wasting time. No matter how much I keep my mouth shut, you would have extracted information from me anyway even if it is over my corpse. There's no need to keep my mouth shut. I'm a shadow, the one that should not be spoken - but if it's going to be known whether I keep my mouth shut or not, it's better not to waste time. And I don't my death to be a useless one."

He would resort to any form of torture. He'd use a truth potion and even magic to force me to talk. I'm not sure if he could use those things or not, but I had heard rumors about him as a "shadow."

The Methods to extract memories from even a corpse. This may raise some eyebrows, however, I believe after confronting him.

"There's no such thing as impossible."

"Ho ho." the old man laughs. The underground hell echoes.

"--I suppose so. Desmond-sama has given me an incredible insight that memory does store in the body. I did not know the full details, of course, but it seems the organ called the brain has a function which can manage memory."

He tapped his gray cranium with his index finger.

"That was an eye-opening idea. like always I wonder how such an excellent idea came to him. - the organ that controls memory, then we can exert magic on it with pinpoint accuracy. And although the body is damaged when it dies, as long as it is still fresh, it can be accessed whether or not it is alive or not if is still functions. -Ho ho, let me put it this way, if you decapitate someone, their heart will continue to beat for a while and blood will continue to spray from their neck. You've seen this many times, haven't you?

He said it so "naturally." as if it were nothing, that the assassin almost shuddered.

So it was true. It was possible to extract memories from a dead body. And if he used it, no matter how hard I tried to keep my mouth shut, it would be pointless.

How outrageous.

But it is not Randolph who can do it, but the one who is good at information processing, and has the ability to access the brain through magic to retrieve the necessary information from the vast and frightening amount of data that the human brain is capable of processing and collecting. And from their trials, it had become clear to them that instead of probing the whole brain, they now only needed to access a small part of it - the hippocampus, as Desmond called it in his previous life.

But that is a top secret. It is more confidential than the offensive magic tools that are secretly made in Aldora (although they are restricted to those who can use life energy, they can also be used by commoners who have no magic power, and if other nobles find out about them, they can be misused or even destroy the entire fiefdom). In the noble society, where power and politics are in full swing, it is information that must not be leaked.

And although it was Randolph who put it to horrible use, it was Desmond who inspired the idea.

The《Damwead's Heretic》

After all, instead of getting imprisoned in such a territory, one scary old fellow that has been accompanying him since he was a child thought -- Ah, that's not good.

Foolish nobles. Under his cover, the foul Desmond continued to grow steadily.

The assassin almost spat.

But the fact that he revealed it means that he no longer has any intention of letting her out. However, the fact that he didn't do anything to her, even though he was capable of such roguish feats as extracting information from a corpse, was--

"Don't tell me you're trying to rope me in?"

To the assassin's scornful words, Randolph, the legendary mercenary 《gray Hound》 replied.

"Hoho, so quick, aren't you the good one. Maybe I'll polish you a bit... Actually, I think I should ask Desmond-sama to discipline you."

――Ho ho ho ho ho ho

The old man's laughter echoes in the prison.

◇

Wha.....eh....... ah?

I am so shocked at what happened.

How in tarnation could something like this happen?

In front of me, skin tone skin tone, skin tone, skin tone! White and tanned - yet that tan is only on her arms and face, the contrast is irresistible, and everyone's hair, breasts whatever it's plump or flat, and private parts are on full display (Coughing hard)!

My beloved wife Charlotte, her exclusive first-class maid Katherine, the first first-night right executor Sophie, her daughter Emily, and Maia, a married farmer. All of them are here, their naked bodies unabashedly exposed, in the lord's private bathroom, my prized possession.

Why was that you asked? It's me who wanted to ask that question the most!

"It's a nude get-together. I heard that if we clamber into the bath together without any clothes on can bring people closer."

That's what Charlotte, the daughter of an old and honorable noble family who was supposed to have been educated as an elitist who thought commoners were nothing more than fodder for the nobility, said!

--Well, that was a rather welcome development.

But - Isn't it a Japanese custom to bathe together in the nude? Or Rome too? for that matter. ---Eh? I don't think I've ever heard her say that?

Then what with her voice that came into my mind earlier, and also that's quite verbal ...doesn't that mean...

"Those just minor details."

--It's not minor!

Wha? Eh!? I knew it, you can read my mind after all...... and even speak directly to me on top of it, and, according to what you said earlier, you can even view my memories.......

"Oh, It's nothing."

"It's not nothing!"

I knew it, and to my horror, Charlotte and I seems to have connected not only physically but also mentally.

Is that it? A lewd crest? It's a lewd crest, isn't it?

--Damn it!

Isn't this the number one ability you don't want your wife to get?

"Does Desmond-sama have anything to be guilty of?"

"Hm Hm, I'm innocent, I have nothing to hide from my wife."

Sure, there are times when there are other girls that catch my eye, but Charlotte is the one I love the most. She also approves of my love for other girls too.

--I mean, she even encouraged me to do so...

The problem is that I can communicate how much I love her to Charlotte directly and honestly――I feel guilty that I am a coward, I am worried that she will doubt my "love", and furthermore, if this "love" is just a false belief on my part, I am sure that she will condemn me for all sorts of wrongdoings.

To be honest, I didn't like the idea of Charlotte being able to see my shameful side, but then, I guess that's more of an advantage?

But there are also the things I'd rather keep hidden, mainly my kink and perverted fantasy!

Well, being a coward may make me disillusioned. And that voice said again.

".... No, that's not coward .......Besides, I already feel your - "love"...... I thought I loved Desmond-sama with all my heart. but now that I can feel yours, I never thought that it was possible to love someone so much.......... I think that's why we were able to make a "contract" like this, but ah, I'm losing my confidence, ah I'm going to melt♡"

--un, cute, cute.

"Desmond-sama? YOu shouldn't call a lady cute."

"It can't be helped because it's really cute"

I told her like some obnoxious brat.

"Uuuuu......"

--Oh, she's so cute, so cute.

And so, even in our mind, we flirt with each other...

Here, in the bathroom. We are all naked, washed our own bodies, and took a bath.

On my left side, there were two magnificent pale peeks floating on the water, its shape shifted to envelop my arms.

--They are soft and warm...... I put my arm further in between them.......

The white skin of Charlotte's has some red tint, and when I glance at her, I can see her flushed cheeks, moist lips, and big emerald eyes, all glamorously moist. --

*Swelling*......

"Desmond-sama's Desmond-sama is starting to grow. Fufu, you are so excited because of me――"

--Oh no!

I can see my main gun rising up in the bathtub with its tip pointing up.

Charlotte's huge tits are visible right down to the tips of their peach-colored tips, and her platinum-blonde hair was waving like seaweed in the water. Looking around, Katherine's small breasts also lifted lightly with the pale pink tips, as well as her red pubic hair. Then there's Maia with her plump boobs - only some parts of her skin are tanned -- her nipples have a chocolate color, the evidence of having raised three children! She has darker flaxen pubic hair, and - wow, she even had armpit hair. The mystique that is the human body--, Emily is a six-year-old who had nothing on display --- And Sophie also has light flaxen pubic hair and armpit hair. and most importantly, her flat chest that I can't be observed (It's literally nothing there).... the tips of which are a sexy cocoa color, probably because she used them to raise Emily.

How could Desmond-sama's Desmond-sama not react in such a situation!

Otherwise, it would be rather rude! --But to expose Emily to such a grotesque thing, even if this world forgives me, I won't! I'm dying of guilt.

"It not a big deal."

"No, as a father, I won't allow it!

"father, hmm..."

Oh, crap.......

I unintentionally said back to Charlotte, since I was speaking in my mind.

"Eh, uh....... that......"

"Fufu, I was joking. Desmond-sama was already impregnated me."

So she patted her belly in the tub. She looked very, very happy. If she showed me something like that, there is no way Desmond-sama's Desmond-sama would not react!

――kuuu....... This wicked woman........Useless thoughts go away. Useless thoughts go away. Anxiety thought, perverted thought, go away...

"Fufufu, you're so cute, Desmond-sama"

Damn it.......if only Charlotte and Katherine were here, I would hide it in Charlotte's pussy already......

"That's a tempting suggestion. Excellent, Then I--"

"No, no, absolutely not! There's someone here........especially, Emily, and, Maia"

I speak from my heart.

"Then if it's her, it won't be a problem right?"

I look at the target of Charlotte's sight.

"Emm........"

On my right, Sophie is cowering with our shoulders touching each other.

Her face and body are beet red.

At Charlotte's suggestion, she had assigned her to sit on my right. The redness can't just be due to the hot water. Even though this is a non-erotic world, it'll make someone like this if they're naked and touching a man they love.

That makes my main gun raise its angle of attack even more.

"Sophie."

"Ha, hiya!"

Her animosity from a few minutes before has vanished, and when Charlotte calls her, she shakes the surface of the hot water, which is quite cute. — Yes, she is no longer envious of or hostile toward Charlotte.

Because.

"I already told you, Sophie. I allow Desmond-sama to love you too. So you should do the same as I do."

*touch*

Charlotte rested her head on my shoulder as she leaned closer to me. Her platinum blonde hair was damp and moist, I can feel the weight of her head.

At the same time, I felt the irresistible womanly softness that pushes against me.

Ah......It's growing even harder in no time.

"Eh, uh....that's...I can't...because"

Sophie, fidgeting

-- oh, un, she's so cute.

Anyway, her cutting board can't squeeze my arm in like Lady Charlotte can. --gufufu...

But, I, too, have no time to be relieved.

"So you can't do it? If that's the case, Desmond-sama will do it for you. Desmond-sama wants to love Sophie, too, doesn't he?"

Oh, uh? "Of course."

"Hah!"

Sophie, aren't your characters falling apart already? If only I could perform sexual arts on her now - gufufu. But now, my rightful wife Charlotte's turn to talk.

"Desmond-sama, please give Sophie a hug. squeeze her from behind."

"Fuee!?"

--What? Seriously?

In front of another married woman, and my own daughter?

Sophie cried out, but I managed to suppress my expression and voice, something I've become accustomed to doing. But, Charlotte, that's--

But Sophie still glanced at me expectantly with her bright red eye. How can I refuse something like this?

The husband, who has his cock growing while his wife pushes her tits against his left, and tells him to hold his mistress in front of his daughter and another married woman.

The first-class maid stares at us with her narrow brown eyes, watching us like a shadow.

While all of us are bare-naked in the bath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here is the bath. The Desmond mansion's splish-splash baths.

The heavenly prison of flesh filled with female bodies.

And there I was, like.

"Fufu, ahhh......"

Sophie was sitting in my lap, making cute noises that are a combination of excitement and shame. Her body is fragile and narrow enough that I fear it might snap if I put too much force on it. I was filled with deep emotion at the thought that I had impregnated this body and given birth to Emily, even though she was a mature woman at the age of twenty-five.

even with some degrading feelings.

"Sophie, Desmond-sama has said it is fine, so you should entrust your body to him more, put all your weight on Desmond-sama."

"Oh, weight...... that is.....so embarrassing......."

Right now, the weight of my thoughts is undeniably heavy.

Now I've decided to pull her onto my lap and hold her tight. I can tell that she is very thin, not only in the chest region but also in general. I used to worry so much that I made her eat a lot. But it seemed that this is her body's natural shape, whether it was meat or fat. It seems that Sophie's body shape is at its best now that's why she didn't need to worry about losing weight. But because of that, her helpless breasts didn't seem to increase even a millimeter.

She was naked and squeezed from behind by me, the love of her life.

"Hyaaaaaah......."

and on my lap.

Aaahhh, I feel something different from Charlotte and it is quite fitting. I want to hold and love her like this. And more --but

"How nice, Mother. then me next...Desmond-sama..."

"That's a no, I'll be next"

Un--un, our daughter is now witnessing the whole shebang. And I can't put her on my lap right now. After all, my thing is already.....in any case - please don't compete with a six-year-old, Twenty Nine year old-chan. And You can always cuddle me at anytime face-to-face, with penetration of course.

"Of course, I'll ask for it later. But What's wrong with being Twenty Nine years old?"

*Huff*

There is no way to reject her if I can see her puff out her cheeks in my brain.

And...

"Huh! Desmond-sama......? This is......."

Sophie turned to me with her face flushed up to her ears.

――Oh right, this is the number one reason why I can't put Emily on my lap.

I quietly speak into her ear.

"Sorry, Sophie, I'd appreciate it if you be quiet. This is only happening because of how attractive you are. You make me want to impregnate you even with no lube. Would you mind if I hide it with your cute ass since I don't want others to see it?"

"Ye-yes......."

Hugging her hips, I pulled her in and wedged myself in along her crack.

"Haaaahh......"

She presses her hips against the hot, hardened male hunk, almost as if she is trying to feel it. Oh, she's twitching.

--Ehh.......I know Sophie wants to have a second child, and I already figured out that she loves me so much. But you haven't had an erotic awakening yet, have you? What would happen if I gave a woman like her an Eros awakening?

--*shudder*!

Still, there was no doubt that it feels good.

Sophie moaned and rocked her hips with the hardened flesh between her ass.

It's one thing about hiding it, but I'm losing control over Sophie!

With that, I put my arms around Sophie's stomach and rested my chin on her shoulder as I pulled her closer. Her back and my whole body are tightly pressed together.

"I can feel the thumping of Sophie's heart against my chest."

" Fu ~aaah I think I'm going to have a nosebleed...."

I heard something from my right. Even if she tends to be shy and overflowing with emotions but she's intelligent.――Hmm, I must be hearing things. I put strength in my arm that hugs her a little more.

"Sophie feels so nice in my arms. It seems your body is meant to be held by me."

"Y-yes.......my body belongs to Desmond-sama.......Fu...fu! Oh......? Oh, have it grown...... bigger?"

--Of course, it's getting bigger.

I think it's not fit for me to say such a thing, but――how sinful. Mommy is naked in the bath, hugged and melting in daddy's arms. What's more, I almost blurt out! Even if my fully erect penis is hidden between mommy's ass, is it okay for my daughter to see such a scene?...... No, for a six-year-old's mind, does this look rather friendly than erotic? Not counting that her dad also has his legal wife, who is also naked leaning on him!

--How sloppy! Wait, sloppy? Umm, I can't show that kind of thing.

Then there are also two other women, one of whom seems to be committed to acting like a shadow--even if I can see her clearly and she's like.

"According to the wishes of the Master and Madam"

I guess. And the remaining one is.

"I am so happy for you, Sophie. You finally have your wish come true. Please hold her and seed her with the second child."

Maia, who tears up, said in good spirits.

The contrast between her tan lines, fair-skinned face, and large, white, twin peak floating in the water is wonderful. My well-prepared stick is tingling with the need to get it to do its job with Sophie.

"Fufu, of course that's fine, I wouldn't mind that."

I've got Charlotte's permission.

I rub my sturdy frame lightly against her.

"O-oh......." Sophie's embarrassment and excitement are evident.

Even without Eros, it's amazing that she can be so thrilled with just her feelings for me. However, it might be because of her obsession.......

--*shudder*!

Still, my thoughts remain the same.

"Sophie, you want a second one?"

I rubbed the Impregnation Stick against her.

"Y-yes.......I-I want it......."

Good, if you want a baby, I'll give it to you!

--I wanted to say it - but I can't do it here. So.

"I'll be seeing you later, okay?"

I whispered in her ear.

"Yes......."

She is so cute how she turns her head down with her body stiffened. It's so sweet that it reminds me how I love her. --But I love Charlotte the most!

Says the unfaithful man.

Because it can't be helped.......

"Please don't worry, I understand you, very deep down. --fufufu"

Look, it's good that you understand my innocence(?), but if you're just saying that now, doesn't that mean you now can read everything about me now? Hey, Charlotte.......

"Maia has to go home later to take care of her house."

-- damn, she's switching topics........

"But Sophie will be staying here tonight, right? And Emily, too."

"Ha!?"

"Really Charlotte-sama!? Then please take care of us!"

"Sure, Desmond-sama, is that all right?"

"Oh, ah........that's fine."

I was in a situation where no choice but to approve it, and I became confused, I can only marvel at how determined my daughter is compared to her mother. I can't believe she's my daughter. And Charlotte seems to think that I'm an easy man for her to take the reins from now that she can read my mind.

"I'm sorry you feel that way, but I have no such intention. I only want to fulfill Desmond-sama's desire. Therefore--"

Charlotte said.

"I'll look after Emily later, so Desmond-sama can go and breed Sophie properly."

"Wow, that's great Mother, I can't wait to grow up! also, I'd like to have a younger brother!"

--Well, the mixture of the childish and the innocent is a lethal blow to me, who knows about sexual things... (coughing out more blood than usual)

And the mother she's referring to has become even stiffer in my arms.

Heck, I was beginning to think about starting some public mating show with her here, but I can't do that with Emily in the room!

And Maia, for that matter.

However --even though it's a no-brainer, I shouldn't do it.

"So, Desmond-sama, if Sophie is willing to stay the night and you make love to her all night. Why don't you let them come live with us?

"""------"""--are you serious?

I mean... It's not that I don't want it, so...

"I don't mind, and if Sophie is okay with it, then why not?"

I said to her ear as I embraced and held Sophie in my arms.

If Charlotte is fine with it, there is no one else who can object if I agree with her.

Randolph's reaction will be -- interesting .

the same as usual...

not to mention Liz. -- at my lord's wish.

I doubt she even remotely cares about it.

"Fuu~aah....I-I did it, I'm so happy...p-please take care of me....."

Sophie, I don't even recognize your character anymore. But I'm glad you're happy. After all, Isn't it incredible to be able to embrace a woman like this? — I'll make up for the time I wasn't able to give you enough affection.

"Oh, So I get to live with Desmond-sama!? Yay!"

I am happy to see Emily innocently cheering.

"Now Desmond-sama can train me to be the woman he likes!"

Umm.......Sophie? What the hell is going on with your education!

I stroked her lower belly as if to say we're going to plant a second one in here now.

"Fuuu......" the cute voice makes the seeding rod between Sophie's cute ass burn even hotter. Maia was looking at us and smiled warmly.

--And Lady Charlotte said.

"Okay, Sophie please step aside, it's Maia's time to receive his seed now. Without lube, of course."

"Wha-?"

I, as the lord. Dignity, and nobility, are very important.

But I couldn't stop my stupid from escaping my mouth.

"Desmond-sama, you shouldn't be perplexed by something as trivial as this.

Charlotte-sama speaking to my heart.

"Huaaaaah!?" I act like Sophie in my mind. "No no no, how am I supposed to not be perplexed by that? Suddenly said something like that!?"

Giving Seed? And without lube? --That means I'm going to hold Maia a sexual art too.......――Besides.........

It was Maia who asked me to breed Sophie earlier. But even though we bathe together in the nude, I am a nobleman and Maia and Sophie are commoners. Asking a nobleman to mate with someone is not something that can be casually said, no matter how close we are. The fact that Maia was the one to say that was--

"I told her that Desmond-sama will be giving your seed to her, so we scheduled a tea party during Maia's "fertilization period". --Fufu, Sophie already knows that, and that was part of the reason for her earlier attitude."

"Wh...wha....wha..." I can't keep my mouth from gaping. Even in my mind.

What's more, could it be that my wife is a wicked woman? But Evil woman x lewd woman = semen demon!

--*shudder*!

"It's awful, Desmond-sama, I was just trying to do you a favor.......

For goodness sake.

--Unh, that's just an expression. But more importantly.

"Oh, uh...... Charlotte? .....Why I didn't know any of this?"

"Because I didn't tell you"

...

Seriously. This is really dangerous! absolutely dangerous - I won't let this happen ever again. No matter how much I love my wife, it's a bad idea to let Charlotte do whatever she wants to me, doesn't mean I think any less of her or her of course. I, the Lord, am not going to let myself be ruined by women - But I have the uneasy feeling that it is too late.

Then, I need to turn my heart into a demon and rejected this twenty-nine-year-old...

"Desmond-sama wants to breed Maia as well, right? I know exactly what Desmond-sama is thinking."

".................." ――Well.......

"You do, right? A lord whose hobby is breeding? "

".................."

--Oh, crap! It appears that Charlotte is even aware of my deepest desires. So you set up a breeding party for Maia --My beloved wife!

As my most beloved woman, she set up this situation based on the thoughts she fetched from her beloved husband, that husband who wanted to hold Maia, something I tried to buried it deep in my mind.

Moreover, Maia already has a loving husband and three children...But In a world without sexual desire, child making is just a matter of lots of lubrication, insertion, and ejaculation! Moreover, the nobleman's seed is literally on a different breed - it's a case where they would rather take the initiative and open their legs to get it.

Nothing is wrong here.

There shouldn't be any problems, but!

In my agitation, I moved my fingers as if seeking relief, rubbing the shriveled thing, touching its skin and stroking it, sinking my fingers into it.

While my mind is completely occupied, I am not aware of the fact that I have surrendered myself to doing something, Something that beginning to breathe faintly and wriggle at the sensation.

"Fu~nya De-Desmond-sama, what are you....uh....uh, I'm feeling strange....."

Unaware of this, I continue to communing in my mind with my legal wife.

--But, Emily still is watching........and she's not the only one here.

"You know, sex education is also a parent's duty"

.....I went to the trouble of hiding my erect penis, but...... In this world without sexual stuff, it is quite normal, there should not be so much of a problem to show it. The most important thing is this is not about sex, it's about learning. However....ethically...

"Ethics? Is it delicious? This world is different from the one Desmond-sama used to live in. Rather, Emily will see Desmond-sama who is impregnating women as a good father."

What the hell! Who created a world like this? If there's a creator god, come out and show your face to me! Or was it that? is it Society? Society is at fault, damn it! Come out and fight me, king! Or are you scared of 《Damwead's heretic》!?

......Just kidding, please don't show up king... I'm just a small fiefdom lord. I would never dare to fight against the social system.......

"Desmond-sama can do it!"

I'm not going to do that! Please don't put a flag on such a route Charlotte-sama! --So, Charlotte, if you're able to connect with my mind and view my memories, then it means that you knew I'm a reincarnated person after all....... But even so, she doesn't change her attitude, rather, she actively and aggressively tries to close the distance between us, which makes me happy.......

--Oh, and if Maia falls for the pleasure, that would be bad......

"I'm sure everything will be fine. If only you refrain from doing things that only Desmond-sama can do - like pumping your erect penis too much- no, even if you do that, I will ensure that it will turn out all right. So, Desmond-sama, don't worry about it, you can just hold Maia as you want."

With confidence in herself and in her beloved husband, Lady Charlotte encourages me to embrace a married woman.

――Ummm, you're really a semen demon(succubus)...

"No, I'm no succubus. Although I may be a descendant of one..."

――Eh!?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

--Eh?

Descendant?

What's that mean?

No way, I may be suspecting something, but is Charlotte-sama truly not a human?

"No, I'm a human, but - Fufu. More on that later - it's all kinds of really complicated stories. God and all that. Nevertheless, it was because of them that I met Desmond-sama, so perhaps I should be grateful at least".

"Wait, wait, wait, wait. Isn't that the kind of thing you shouldn't be saying in the bathroom with everybody here? Even if it's in mental communication. And there are so many unsettlingly important words that I'm not sure I can keep up."

I can't help but feel my fingers heating up, something is squirming and moaning, But I have a lot of things to ask Charlotte.

"That is not really important right now. Unless Desmond-sama does not love me anymore if I am not human?"

"No way!

I thought I heard something and felt something with my fingertips, but that's irrelevant right now. I said to Charlotte.

"I love you, no matter what you are, Charlotte."

"Fufu, I know. I'm so lucky to have found you, Desmond-sama."

Dammit, if you can read my mind, then you already know all that. I feel a little embarrassed, but I think it's much, much better than risking her having doubt.

I wanted to kiss her right here and now, but...

"I will get back to you on that later. For now, please impregnate Maia. Desmond-sama is connected to someone like me, and because of that, if you ejaculate into her vagina while feeling deeply for her, there is a pretty high probability that you will be able to impregnate Maia in just one session."

Seriously, dear lord, is this what you did in your free time?

"Well, a little bit of babymaking."

No, wait! I'm not..!

And Charlotte said......

"Also, Desmond-sama, I think you should stop moving your fingers..."

Hmm......? The next thing I know, Sophie is twitching and crumpling in my arms.

The next thing I noticed is that my fingers are digging into her seaweed, nudging at her puffy female weak point, and inside -- Oh, come to think of it, my hands were around her lower abdomen that time...

"Whoa! Sorry, Sophie."

"Fu, a~a a...... De-dejmondshama~a......"

I've done it....... the degraded Sophie is so cute........ I'm not sure how I feel about this, but? I don't think I was the kind of guy who would unknowingly grope a girl's embarrassing places, though, was I?

Moreover.

"m-mother......."

Oh no, in front of my daughter too!

The thought of her father humiliating her mother in front of her must be traumatic for her.

"You look so comfortable.....and beautiful......."

--What? Is that how you see it?

"Y-yes.... I think so too....... Charlotte-sama, Is Desmond-sama going to do that and other stuff to me as well?"

"Yes he will," replies Lady Charlotte to Maia.

No way, apparently, Charlotte also taught Maia about sexual things- although I'm not sure to what extent.

"I-I am looking forward to it......"

Well, uh, that....... Maia......? That is the most enthusiastic response I have ever seen from you, or rather, the most hopeful, - I-I can't stop myself if I start now, aren't I?

No no no, Don't corrupt her, don't corrupt her, don't corrupt her, just stick it in the hole and ejaculate, just stick it in the hole and ejaculate......

And Sophie who looks like a cornered middle school girl is still cuddled up in my lap. --Oh, I made you orgasm, didn't I? Eh? I don't think it was that easy to make her cum, but it seems that my action was the best form.

Everyone, whether it be the to-be co-performer, or the audience, is very eager to see what I have in store for them. They are waiting for my sexual technique.

"Desmond-sama? Maia is totally willing to do it. Above all, Desmond-sama is the lord of Aldora. To receive your essence and bear your child is the greatest honor. If Desmond-sama and the other woman are willing, then you should fulfill your duty as a nobleman without resorting to such tactless nonsense as only doing it in the disguise of the first wedding night right.

Or - Desmond-sama, are you intend to humiliate her?"

Ughh....... in this non-erotic world........ such a notion should not exist. Only Charlotte, who is even bound to me to the soul, understands the true meaning of those words. Not Katherine can, regardless of how much she too has become exposed to the sexual aspect.

However, being told that by Charlotte is what the problem lies. A big problem at that. And...

With her big emerald eyes, Charlotte looked at me. Her lips, as pretty as flower petals remain silent as she spoke the words.

"I understand Desmond-sama's concern. But, Desmond-sama, you still don't believe me even though I told you I'm fine with it?"

Whoa........ what is this? What's with all the pressure? And what's more, wasn't the whole thing to make Maia get wet and ready, then impregnated without using lube?

Oh my Goddess. Though in this case, the goddess is Charlotte, which in many ways sounds right.

If there is one thing I know for sure, it is that there is apparently no escape for me.

But still...

My beloved wife who is forcing me to sleep with a married man's wife at all costs, the lover who came in my arms to the point of collapsing, the married woman wishing to have me put a baby in her, and my daughter from my mistress who is about to be presented with sex education........

――What kind of dreadful situation is this? But only for me!

Bathrooms are often used as the scene for a tragedy, but I never thought that something like this would happen...

*bubbling*

I noticed that Katherine, who had been standing quietly like shadow, had her mouth buried under the water and was bubbling.

--I mean, that's cute and all, but.... If you're going to be a shadow, shouldn't you be a little more patient? Well, it's not the kind of place I would put up with, and maybe she doesn't intend to. But.

But this, isn't that...

――『The Maid Saw』[1]?(Meido wa mita)

／

There was the maid, who seemed to be keeping herself in the shadows.

【Storage】.

Then, she took out the mat and said.

"Go ahead."

'Go ahead' my ass! I'll push you down and fuck you first!

"Go ahead, go ahead"

Charlotte, not you too.......she seems to have learned a lot of things from connecting with me.

On the other hand, the trio of commoners are thrilled to see magic like [storage].

"I wondered if I'll be able to use that, too?" asked Emily.

Yes, being my daughter, Emily has magic powers.

"Shall I teach you? If we are going to live together from now on, then we will spend a lot of time together."

"Oh, are you sure? Please, Charlotte-sama!"

"Oh....... thank you, Charlotte-sama....... I also would like to thank you as well."

"That's nothing."

With her big, white, and magnificent boobs jutted out, Charlotte is proudly puffing out her chest. Sophie's eyes widened for a moment at the sight of her breasts, it seemed that the feud between the two of them had been finally put to rest - right?

when it comes to breasts, you shouldn't think about it too hard, Sophie.

And so, although they are beginning to be sort of harmonious and friendly....

--Do I have to seed Maia in this situation?

Isn't that some kind of torture?

However, Desmond-sama's Desmond now stands tall in all his glory.

"amazing indeed, you really can get an erection without any lube...... it's even bigger than my husband....... Something like that, in my vagina without lube......."

Maia just gazes at my towering manhood in admiration. She is already willing to be seeded and was lying down on the mat that Katherine had prepared for her.

Well, that's certainly a line I'd like to hear a married woman say, but it's only just a word! And now I'm getting all stiff and hard!

Maia, a married farmer, twenty-seven years old.

She has a well-tanned complexion and tanline, she is one year younger than me. Her flaxen hair, usually in a braid, was undone and tied up to keep it from going into the hot water. Her nipples were a chocolate-colored, generous and bountiful, supported by broad shoulders built for the hard work. Her face and arms are tanned, but her skin from the neck down and her breasts are white, even her toned waist and muscular tights are white, as well as her buttocks, which have given birth to three children, her private place protected by thick flaxen hair.

She is lying on her back, her ample twin dunes squishily spread to the side by gravity, her two legs spread apart. Between them are vertical stripes that reveal a faintly innocent folds that, despite being maternity, make her look like a virgin.......

--I gulp.

I turn to Maia, my sword now raging, The reddish tip of my flesh twitches, even though my daughter, Emily, is watching.

"Amazing, you're so big Desmond-sama......So that's what an erect dick looks like. There's no way I can still fit in there." Emily said.

--Gofuhhhh! (blood gushing from seven orifices)

"Indeed, it is much, much bigger than when I conceived Emily.......as expected of Desmond-sama's penis...this is it, this is the penis of a male who is able to impregnate a woman, ah...it's twitching." said Sophie....

In my previous life, girls would be scared of such a heinous thing (I'm proud to say that I'm a self-declared good guy), but this mother and daughter have a twinkle in their eyes...... Umm, you haven't yet learned about sex stuff yet, right? -- I guess it is because of that, as a female, they are just genuinely impressed by the strong male penis that was capable to impregnates females.

I'm proud as a papa, but still..!

Use lotion to make it erect, then insert it and ejaculate immediately. Instant creampie! In this world without eroticism, even if this thing is capable to inserted into a delicate womb, it may not be perceived as such a threat.

But there's still the fact that Emily is watching me........So, Sophie, I will make you know that this is actually a fatal weapon. I'll use it to engrave my shape into that woman's body of yours, so be prepared. ――Gufufu.

"Well, we have to make her wet first, don't we?"

-Ummm, you're right.

Charlotte is truly exceptional.

Yeah, really........

I turn to Maia, who is lying on her back on the mat.

"Maia, I'm going to touch your body now. If you are uncomfortable with this, just tell me right away."

"Haha, I don't mind, I want you to do it to me, so there's no reason for me to be uncomfortable."

Well, I guess that's true.

"Oh......" so I pressed down on Maia, who was smiling brightly. I pushed my raging penis into an opening in the thick bush, pressed up her thighs with my thighs, and then sucked on her neck.

Ah, Maia's skin was hot from the hot water. Her tanned skin was a little rough, but she had a sweet, soft, womanly feel that was moistened by the hot water. The feeling of her flaxen pubic hair, which is still wet from the water against my swollen glans is nice.

"Ugh....... I wonder if he will do that to me too......."

"In Sophie's case, I think it would be more intense, no?"

"Ah... lovely♡"

"Mother, how nice....... Desmond-sama, when I grow up, can I ao."

Aah, no! I can't hear you, I can't hear anything from the outside world!

In front of such an outsider's watchful eyes.

*lick* *lick* *suck*

I sucked Maia's neck.

"Haah....... Why-Why are you doing this? And Desmond-sama's penis is, oh, it's hot......and hard....... Ah, I'm so excited...... nnghhhh......."

"I'm trying to make you feel and get you wet. *lick* *suck*"

"Feel good......? Make me wet......? Ngh, it...it's tikkles......."

Maia's neck is now marked with hickeys, by a lord's handiwork. Perhaps Charlotte didn't tell Maia that much after all.

A married woman who doesn't know the meaning of "feel good" or "wet".

--Oh, God! my dick is going to explode!

The woman's private part is still confused by the raging sensations pressing against her slit.

I really want to kiss her and do things, but I have to stop myself from doing that. I have to Carefully give her the appropriate pleasure for our activity. --But that's also subject to my own discretion.

"hn......"

I sank my fingers into Maia's big breasts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Maia's tits are full and ample. The milk tank that raised three children. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to be producing now, - that's a real shame. Compared to her, Charlotte's tits are so much more smooth and soft.

Squeezing, squeezing, squeezing...

I rubbed and squeezed her boobs to make her whole body warm up.

The plump breasts of the married woman, the elasticity of it are irresistible.

Munyuu♪ Munyuu♪

Puru♪ Puru♪

Lifting it from the underside and shaking it, the chocolate-colored tip moves inexplicably. Her large flesh was already hot from the hot water, her moist, wet, pale skin seemed to engulf my fingers.

--Kuh, it feels so nice.......

Hah, hah........

And then Maia said.

"Ah, Desmond-sama, you really like breasts, don't you?

――Here it is! Maia's compassionate expression. Was this what the "good boy, good boy" face look like? I tried to keep my cool and then......

"Yes, Desmond-sama really does love breasts."

Young lady Charlotte!?

"Desmond-sama always rubs, licks, and sucks my breasts with such a delighted look on his face.

""""Licking and sucking......"""

The voices of the trio of commoners are overlapping. Moreover.

"After all........ the bigger the better..........."

"It's okay, mother. I'll grow up and make up for mother--"

Emily holds the future for Sophie, who exudes resentment.

"Don't worry, Sophie, Emily, Master always says that there is no such thing as good or bad breasts." Katherine said as she caressed her petite breasts. "It is true that he likes Charlotte-breasts sama's very much, but he also touches, licks, and sucks my breasts merrily."

"Then my breasts are also......" Sophie said as she pushed her own flat tits together, Fufu!

"Of course, Sophie."

"Then mine too?"

Stop, stop, Emily... Don't let Papa imagine pictures of my daughter's breasts...

"I'm sorry, I think Miss Emily is not ready for Desmond-sama yet."

Ummm, that's right, Katherine.

"So it is not about the size. Desmond-sama the boobs lover has no discrimination against them."

............ Katherine? What is it with you, do you have a grudge against me? You're right, of course, but...? Are you unhappy because I left you and play with Charlotte and Sophie, leaving you to your own devices, blubbering in the bath?

Oh, well. I'll give her a good spanking later. On those small tits and big ass of yours! So, please be quiet now, I beg you!

Moreover, Desmond the boobs lover.

She dare said that out loud! And in front of my daughter....... if that spreads to the whole town...

"Yes, but I think Desmond-sama is probably staring more at bigger ones. That's why I drink milk every day for Desmond-sama. And that goes for all the girls in town, too."

...... Uh? My daughter Emily? Didn't you just now say something upsetting enough to make Papa think about going for a walk outside?

Ahhhhh!

Nevertheless, I still continued to fondle Maia's tits, rubbing and stroking the edges of her chocolate-colored nipples, proving that I am Desmond-sama, the tits-lover. Simultaneously, however, his human dignity is inversely crushed.

And Maia, who is getting her nipples groped by me, said.

"Hmm... what is this... every time you rubbed me, my breasts throb, it's weird... uh..." Her blushing, tanned cheeks are irresistible. And to think that the normally errant girl can feel this way..........

"--Ah, Desmond-sama's penis has swelled. Oooh..... again."

"Fufufu, Desmond-sama is excited to see Maia starting to feel it. Maia's body was getting more and more aroused by Desmond-sama's touch, Your nipples will swell up then you couldn't hold back your voice anymore."

"I'm so uncomfortable....... I can't stand it......."

As soon as the married woman began to exude shame and anticipation, I got carried away and began to slowly stimulate her with my fingernails, Maia's tip was beginning to swell and erect little by little, just as Charlotte-sama had predicted.

Nope, I'm gonna hold back from going all at once, and let Maia's lecherous heat grow as we nurture that precious kindling.

--"Hah."

"Maia, you made such a lovely voice."

"Yes, Maia has such a cute voice, too......"

"--Oh, sweet, so cute."

Charlotte? You just talked about my voice, didn't you? I carefully violate Maia's tip while suppressing the urge to protest. Steadily, steadily, not rushing....

"Ngh, ah......."

But If she makes such a sweet voice, I can't help but want to devour her. Sucking, ravishing........ and fucking to my heart's content...

But since my daughter is here, there is no way I can let her see me like that. I'm not sure if I should even show her this in the first place ―Provided that I have a good stopper ――Oh, Eh? I mean, I doubt it, but Charlotte, you are not actually scheming something like that, are you? If I had gotten too excited and corrupted Maia, I'm sure I'd end up feeling guilty.

--Hm?

Somehow, I'd like to think it's just my imagination that I feel some kind of strange chill.

But that coldness balances perfectly with the arousal, causing me to do some solid female body prepping.

"Haku, ugh....... what is this, Desmond-sama....... n......."

Maia's chocolate-colored nipples rose from her areola. That kind of thing is so obscene.

The head that pressed against her slit jerked.

And then, the slight wetness of the woman touching the backside of my swollen flesh. There is no doubt that Maia is getting aroused steadily now that there was some sense of slickness. The meat rod is transmitting her passion to me like a female estrus detection tool.

The irresistible arousal makes me move my hips and rub against it. The fluid, which is not sweat, coats the raging spear. I smear her with my own juices, I shudder as I touch her pubic hair.

"That means Maia is starting to feel it. Hmph - are you scared?"

The corners of my mouth raised involuntarily.

Then.

"N-no........ w-well, if you asked, it's quite scary, but if I think that Desmond-sama that doing this for me, then I'm not scared."

Unn, I think I'm going to fall in love with her.

"Heee......really........"

*twitch *!

Did I just feel a chill rush through me like someone stuck an ice needle in my heart? ah!?

W-well, I'm doing something naughty, but it seems that there's no doubt that this is a Killing Ground. Except it''s mine!

"Maia, Desmond-sama wants to lick and suck your swelling nipples. Do you want him to?" Charlotte says from behind me. --Oh, scary!

"O-oh, I understand. Ngh, go ahead, Desmond-sama you can do as you please."......Maia said, thrusting out her plump fruits.."...... I think I feel Desmond-sama's penis twitching....... oh, it's so hot, the heat is transferring to me..............."

"Yes....... Desmond-sama is making Maia feel important and cherished......... I'm a little worried."

"Haha, nothing like that."

Maia seemed to think she was kidding. But I'm the one who's unnerved the most. But still...

"here here, how about a sip?"

The stupid male's rod rubs against her secret cleft and shudders when she lifts her chocolate-colored, plump, swollen tip up.

"ah......." Maia's slightly embarrassed face is irresistible.

"Not fair........ Maia......."

jealous Sophie suddenly login. I see...today is the day of my death...I'm going to die by drowning in Maia's tits.... I decided that When I die, I'm going to die in Charlotte's breast....

"Sophie can do it later. And for the whole night. I wonder if you can endure it."

"Hah, hah, hah........"

Charlotte's follow-up made Sophie blush and then log out. Thank goodness, I really meant it. I guess that's one less death flag for me. But I wonder how many more are left standing.

With eyes almost a little vacant, I went to Maia's swollen nipples and -- "Sip!

--"Chu!"

The bouncy lewd flesh suddenly jerked. Now that's what I call a titty trampoline!

I sucked and sucked on Maia's sweet nipples, and flicked my tongue around the delicious meaty bits. As she moaned, her huge juicy meat swayed and danced.

"Ohhhhh, Desmond-sama, you're really sucking on me....... Hnnng, no, you can't lick there."

"wasn't Maia who said I can lick it."

"Charlotte-sama......I know, but this....... this....... this is......fu!"

A huge grape escaped her. The aroma of a ripe woman bursts forth at that moment.

"Maia is feeling so good, she's so cute."

"I-if Charlotte-sama says such...... things to me, then I............. Fu! Aahhh!"

Her shapely eyebrows arched, the corners of her eyes drooping, her tanned cheeks tinted, and her hips wriggling and undulating.

--Aha, you are starting to feel it, aren't you? Miss.

now, more......

"Hyah!"

I sucked her erect nipple tightly, tonguing it, and fingered the other nipple. *suck suck*, *nip*♪ Sliding and grinding my hips, I push her steadily higher and higher.

"Fufu ah....... mmmm......."

Okay, that's good. The woman's heat gushes from her drenched skin becoming an aroma, making my pole even more furious. Then I let my free hand slowly creep down her skin to her bottom.

"Oh........"

Mmmmmm....a fine specimen of the fertile ass. I stroke her firm buttocks, rub them with my hands and enjoy them.

"Ha, ah......."

I caress and rub her soft thighs, plump but with plenty of muscle, then my fingers finally reach into the moist part of the woman's--

*schlick*!

"Oh......"

"You're getting wet"

"Wet......? Fufu....... nn......."

The vagina that I feel with my fingertips is almost an innocent thing, it makes me wonder how she has given birth to three children with this. But in a world without eroticism. It seems that she has been given only the minimum amount of physical stimulation necessary.

Maybe because she's that chaste - no, in this world, even such a concept disappears - or is it? Well, I ran my fingers over her innocent folds to check its slipperiness. I scooped up the nectar and smeared it on her swollen flower bud.

"Hiaa, Fu......."

Every time I touched it, it responded like a damsel. I pressed, played, and made her squeal in response to the swollen buds, and then I went deep into the fragile folds and--

*schlp*

"Ah, ahhh! De, Desmond-sama's finger is... ah, but why, ah, please don't move your finger, ahhh..."

Good, Maia's flesh is nicely moistened. There's a lovely sensual squeezing too... I purposefully made it plain to her, transmitting the vibration and the swirling of her vaginal fluid.

"Can you feel it? Maia, your vagina is drooling. It's telling you that it wants me."

*schlick* *schlick*

"N-no that's..."

"Oh dear, what a shameless woman."

Charlotte joins in.

"A-Am I......?"

"Yes, you are. Yes, that's what I call a shameless vagina. On the contrary, I call a naughty penis that I love so much, a cock."

What a fitting conceptual transition! Have I unleashed a monster I shouldn't have, and passed on the knowledge of my prior life?

--No no, I don't think I can handle it anymore!

While thinking that, I was also rubbing her vaginal walls, looking for Maia's weak spot.

"Fu, Fu....... oooh......."

Maia's voice gradually gets more and more lustrous. The fact that I can make a girl blossom into a woman in this way not only gives me a sense of dominance but also makes me feel deeply moved.

The woman's urn, which has been invaded by a foreign object called a man's finger, seems startled, and yet it reminds itself of its original function, which is not just to get inserted and ejaculate, but also to milk the male's sperm.

It is good that there is no eros in this world, nor any misfortune related to it, but still."

Ah, ahhh! Agh... uh... iiiee!"

I observe her reactions from the feedback on my fingertips. Not only that, I squeeze Maia's huge breasts, sucking the tips, twisting my tongue around them, and fingering them - ahhh, the smell of her sweaty cleavage is irresistible.

"Ahh, ahhh, n...... ahhh, Desmond-sama, oooh.......nihiii!"

While also thoroughly playing with her flower buds, I nailed her weak spots that I found. The woman's body, which should have known nothing of sexual pleasure, undulated, wriggled, and squirmed, and even the fragrance of lush armpits seemed to reach me.

"Maia looks so beautiful....... Desmond-sama, amazing......."

Ummm, Daddy's job is to turn girls into his bitches - no, no. I don't think it's really my job, but I do think it's very beautiful to see a woman writhing in pleasure like this.

Of course, as a man, my crotch is painfully stiff and my feelings of desire are clouded by a sense of degradation, but it is something that I have always felt deeply.

I change Maia into a woman who can feel a man's touch.

"Hah, hah, Des, Desmond, Desmond-sama........ I, s-something, is coming........ kuh, ugh........"

"Maia, you're about to cum, aren't you? Don't fight it, you should let it go."

The stupid man just feels good and ends it with a splurt, but the woman continues to boil when she feels good. A man who just ends up masturbating by himself will never be able to see such an amazing and glamorous figure. So, as a man, I can help the girl to feel good.

My job is to make girls feel comfortable, the hard way!

Emily, burn your father's magnificent physique into your young eyes!

--A deranged and crazy man is stirring a married woman's vagina.

Opening up is important, isn't it?

I rubbed Maia's vaginal walls, seeing her true, stunning beauty, which even her real husband had never seen.

"Come on Maia, let me make you feel good, let me see how beautiful you are."

then

"Oh, ohhhh! Desmond-sama, hi, ugh, ugh........ come, cum? I'm cumming, ahhhhh!"

Maia bent up and thrust her hips, almost bouncing me away as she pressed against me, arching her body like a bridge, and then

*slpashh*!

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh ~~~~~~!"

In front of the audience, she cried out and squirted violently. Still, I didn't ease down my torturing hand. Maia is a secondhand virgin when it comes to mating. To avoid the perception that intimacy is painful or frightening, I mercilessly attacked her.

"Ahhhh, ahhh, ahhh ~~~~~~!"

*Pssshhhh, pssshhhh*, *splash*!

The howling of the awakened female reverberated strongly in the bathroom.

Maia's hips bucked as she rode high in her awakening - and then...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The beautiful woman was lying on her back, huffing and puffing, her tits heaving up and down, the chocolate-colored nipples standing erect. In the center between the two elegant flower lips, the fertilizing organ is spilling nectar and waiting impatiently for the moment to accept the stamen.

--Gulp.

The sound of saliva being swallowed.

"Ahi, hi..."

"... Maia, are you alright?"

Sophie asked, of course, she did, because Sophie is the one who will receive it next. --... While breathing a little heavily, she must be very anxious -- or is she? , Was it because she has a lot of expectations in her case? She is not supposed to have awakened yet, but...., ah I see, I already made Sophie's pussy all wet..............

As if to prove the point, Charlotte said, "It's okay. It's just a normal bodily function of a woman. Maia was made to feel very comfortable by Desmond-sama."

"Heh, hee....how envious..."

"Oh, Desmond-sama is taking it easy you know? This is nothing compared to when he was serious - and I'm sure he will―― Fufu, Sophie has to be alone with Desmond-sama later on. I think you should experience it for yourself. Surely you won't be able to get up on your feet tomorrow to move in just yet."

Sophie blushed, though....... it's all expectation and lust, right? Was it that I've awakened a monster that shouldn't be awakened again?

"Do your best, Mom!"

My daughter Emily, I think it's your dad who really needs a cheer, you know? But?

"And now, Desmond-sama, it's time to finish up. Let me help you If you don't mind, Sophie, how about you like to help him too?"

"Ooh!"

I was intertwined with Charlotte on the left, catching my meat rod that was pointing upward. Her tender fingers wrapped around me and began to slide over my flesh.

My wife's hands are currently working on the already aroused flesh.

"Lady Charlotte, may I rub it too?......"

The mistress Sophie joins in from the right. Voluptuous on the left and flat on the right. The different types of boobs are pressed against me, and I swell up stiffly and angrily while being handled by Charlotte.

"Yes........Sophie, you may please his testicles, But it's quite a sensitive part, so be gentle."

"Y-yes......."

With a flick, the mistress's fingers lifted the ball.

"Oh.......it's heavier than I thought......."

Sophie gave it a confirming squeeze, as if impressed. Ooh....... my cock and balls feel so good, I have to tighten my ass to hold back the gushing pleasure.

"--Fufu, Desmond-sama sure does enjoy it. And when Desmond-sama's pleasure reaches its limit, It'll come out from the hole right here."

Kuhhhh! I can't resist if I get a little kiss on the head.......

"Oh, Desmond-sama, you look so comfortable."

"Indeed Sophie. The balls that Sophie is touching now are full of Desmond-sama's seed."

"R-really, how majestic......."

I see, my balls are majestic. So handle it with care! Gghhhh!

"Like that, you need to give it a soft, gentle roll - then I'm going to rub the rod like this....look..."

Charlotte's clenched fist moves up and down and grotesque reddish swollen flesh, which doesn't fit at all to her beautiful white hands, the veins on it pulse. The liquid overflowing from the tip is used as lubricant.......the sight alone is enough to make a man orgasm.

"*split*..."

"Cha-Charlotte-sama, spit on......."

"That's right, It'll make it slippery. This will make it slicker and more comfortable for Desmond-sama."

"Really......."

Sophie peeks up at me, her chin lifted up.

"Oh.......your balls are getting lifted up and tightened."

"That's another sign that he feels good. Look, Sophie, you should attach your body to Desmond-sama more..... like this.......*kiss*"

"Eh, on Desmond-sama's nipples?"

"That's right, Desmond-sama not only likes to lick it but also likes to be sucked and licked on there too."

"Oh, I see....... *suck*, *suck*."

"Oh, yes, that's right. Don't forget his balls.......*chuu, chuu* yeah , like that......."

Fu aaaaah.......my wife handles the pole and my mistress rolls my balls. And they are pressing their tits against me from left and right, their lips and tongues rolling with my nipples, sucking me.

--This, is this heaven........

"I want to do it too! I want to make Desmond-sama feel good too!"

Nope, this is hell. My daughter sees her daddy like this and declares her nomination for the act........

"Please wait, Emily-san, now is the time for Charlotte-sama and Sophie. I think it's best if we leave this to the two of them."

Oh, Katherine, you're doing a great job.......

Then Emily said.

"Right! Charlotte and mother are getting along so well."

............Sorry. Emily, about the fact that Dad has a mistress as well as a legitimate wife........moreover, the reason two of them are making me feel good in the first place was because.............

"Fufu, Desmond-sama's penis is twitching. It's a sign that he's about to ejaculate, please ejaculate inside Maia's vagina as soon as I remove my hand. --Please impregnate her."

Un--un, is to give a married woman an illegitimate child

For that purpose, the legitimate wife and the mistress join hands to prepare the breeding rod. And that is what my daughter sees with her sparkling eyes, her eyes gleaming at her daddy's majestic manhood.

Ahhh! What the hell is this situation!?

Even though inside I am indignant, the pleasure energy that has built up on the verge of an outburst.

The phallus pulsated in my beloved wife's hand.

"*Chu, chu*......"

"*lick, lick*......"

From left and right, my wife and mistress licked my nipples and rolled my balls lovingly.

Maia, lying there helplessly, spreads her legs and waits for me, her cheeks flushed with anticipation despite her misty eyes, her pussy wet with nectar, inviting the male. Her chocolate-colored nipples are still puffy at the tops of her voluptuous hills.

Oh, ooooh.

My hips are moving. I want to impregnate this bitch with my child so badly, the spear of flesh that Charlotte rubs up and down is exactly in proper condition to impregnate a woman.......

Oh, I'm...I!

"That's right, Good boy."

Permission to seeding from wife given.

"YES mistress,bark bark!"

Like a dog munching on its teats, I was.

It was Charlotte who placed the tip on the lips. The position, the angle, it could not have been a more perfect position for seeding. I placed my hand on Maia's thigh, and --!

splurt spluuuurt spluuuuuuurt!

Oooooh.......I exploded as soon as he penetrated the deepest part of her vagina and docked her womb. nudge♡ Kissing her cervix hungrily.

I kept ejaculating -- as I poured my sperm directly into her womb.

"Ahh, ahhh! It's flowing........it's coming in........it's so hot........so much........so thick.......it's pouring in...........Oh, oh, ohhhh! Oh, it's so big! Desmond-sama's penis is inside my vagina!

Aaahhh, if you say something like that.

"I won't stop ejaculating, Maia, until you're impregnated."

"Hah!"

I felt her vaginal flesh tighten *♡*! I continue to ejaculate inside that vagina with a pleasurable jolt and jerk.

【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】.

And then...

"get pregnant! Maia～～～～!"

I also pour in the magic power while intensely thinking that.

"Ahhh, ha.......ah.......I am getting impregnated, Desmond-sama....... Desmond-sama's seed is going to fill my womb completely until I get impregnated........ohhhh, ahhhhh.........."

If someone grabs me while saying that, there's no way my trembling cock will stop ejaculating. But that way of begging is going to spread throughout the town!!....... I won't be able to go for inspection walks anymore! ---I'm scared!

The folds of flesh tightened around me, and I poured my seed into Maia, filling her to the brim with my desire and lust.

The cum poured out of my testicles and pulsed through my meat pole, trying to borrow it deep into a married woman's womb.

My wife, clinging to my left side, watched with a smile as if she herself were a bewitching nymph, and from my right side, my mistress, who had given birth to my first child, stared at me with her eyes wide open as she let out a passionate exhale of admiration. Of course, Sophie's gaze was on my pulsating manhood. I am sure that if I had touched her crotch, it would have been soaking wet.

Then, my daughter and maid are looking at the daddy who is seeding the married woman while his wife and mistress are clinging to him.

--Oh........so what is this mess!

I feel like exploding with a dead look in my eyes, but I can't stop ejaculating.......the pleasure of a male, sowing my seed.

"Ha, ah.......oohh, it's-it's still coming out.......ah......."

Catching Maia's thighs as she tries to escape, I press my hips against her so hard that her pubic bone seems to be fusing with my own.

"Conceive, Maia. You wanted this, didn't you? you want my baby!"

"Ah!"

Pushing harder into her womb, Maia's hips pushed up against me, sending her body into a frenzy. All while I'm still ejaculating.

I channeled my magic power, my blue eyes shining brightly, wishing that Maia would at least be impregnated by any means.

"Get pregnant! Maia～～～～!"

Well, it's not really safe, when the magic spell is cast.

"""Ah!"""

"""Conceived!"""

--Oh, I see you can tell, as expected of Charlotte-sama.

"Wow, so this is the baby-making.......when I grow up, .......I ....too......."

My daughter, Emily, was not frightened by her daddy's seeding job, but rather become more enthusiastic - oh God, what should I do.......

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Note: Because of the telepathic thingy, using Italic for English words has become quite confusing. So English words will be underlined from now on.

"Thank you very much, Desmond-sama. I will make certain that this kid is delivered safely and raised with the best care! My husband will be overjoyed by this, Fufu."

--Well, un, if it makes Maia and her family happy, then that's cool, but......

I have mixed feelings to the max, as she lovingly stroked her womb.

Once the seeding rod has done its job perfectly and is pulled out, the losers of the fertility competition expose their white corpses with a lewd popping sound. Maia's embarrassed face is stored permanently in my brain. And then the lord cleans her crotch personally with his magic... Oh, Maia was afraid, but she did not seem to be too overwhelmed. Charlotte looked at her warmly, and Sophie looked enviously at her, the same goes for her daughter Emily........the maid was once again going back into being "shadow".

As Maia clam down she returns to her normal self, with her usual tanned features and fair skin that reminded me of a good and dependable mother.

"Since you can't join us for dinner, I made you something to take home."

"Thank you, Charlotte-sama. Hannah said she'd do the chores so that I can get home late today - the other kids and my husband said they'd help, too....... Really, only at times like this......."

She says to me, beaming.

"Please don't do that, Desmond-sama has to impregnate other women too - like Sophie, and most importantly, me. Oh, right, in the idiom of Desmond-sama's original world, that would be enough to make a football game."

Huh? Isn't that two teams?

""That's a minor detail."

It's not!

Moreover, now you even know that I'm a reincarnated person.......I'm more than grateful that you still treat me like normal....right? I'm not sure I'd be able to do that, but if Charlotte wanted me to,--I have no choice but impregnate as many people as you wants, you know? --Gufufu

"――Gufufu"

Hey, you can't imitate those! Children are quick to imitate, so adults must strive to set a good example.

Says the man who had his own daughter observed him having sex with a married woman who is neither her mom nor his wife (?). (I can't maintain my mentality points anymore).

"But I am already an adult."

--Humph Humph.

If I were an adult lady, I wouldn't have done that.

Maia left my mansion just like that, and we sat down to eat in the dining room with our guests - or rather, the soon-to-be residents.

I never thought that the day would come when the three of us, father, mother, and daughter, plus my wife, would eat together like this.......-- it's so messy that I want to cover my eyes. The maid watches with a knowing look on her face. Katherine should have had dinner with us, but it seems that she is still proud of her position as a maid.

"Why don't you eat with us, Katherine-san?" Emily said.

"Because I am a maid."

"Desmond-sama, why can't you eat with a maid?"

"No, it is not like that. I have already asked Katherine to eat with me."

"Then, Katherine-san, I want to eat with Katherine-san."

"Well, that's......."

Even Katherine, the quintessential first-class maid couldn't help but let her narrow brown eyes wonder at the child's request. What's more, her master had suggested it, too.

"You must contemplate, Katherine, After all, we are together--" The lord's wife Charlotte said.

"----" "Yes, I understand. Thank you all for your kindness. However, if we add more dishes now, it will cause trouble, so next time..."

Speaking of which, the cook brought more food.

Katherine is at a loss for words.

Good, our cook is the best. As expected, we have a lot of talented people who had to move to this territory for various reasons.

When Katherine takes her seat, it's me, Charlotte, and Katherine. Sophie and Emily are across from me. Mmmmmm...three of them are my women. I never thought that I would be the one to build a harem.......and what's more, The lord's wife Charlotte did a great job in getting all these members together.......

As the oldest of the women, but also looks the youngest - except for Emily of course, but even so, she's still the cutest of the bunch, what an invincible creature - she's so sweet and pretty. How marvelous, and with her beauty...she is the very definition of a perfect wife, but it appears that she is no longer in her husband's control, and that is quite a problem.

Well, the most troublesome thing is that she looks happy. And once I see how lively she is, I am the one who seriously thinks, Was it okay to roll her in my plan like this?

She's too good for me.

"Pardon me Desmond-sama? Please stop at that. I might crawl under the table if you don't. You know, a while ago, all I did was watch Maia and you."

--Yes, she's cute, cute.

Wait what did you just say!? What are you going to do under the table for?

"This is delicious, Desmond-sama!"

Emily's innocent voice makes me feel relieved

"Yes, it's very tasty.......but Emily, you should behave better, you're going to be a real noble soon."

"Oh, I'm sorry, mother......."

"It's okay, if you're going to live in this mansion, then I'll need to teach Emily well - And she's already pretty good at it too. Isn't that right, Desmond-sama?"

"Yes, that's right. Sophie's education was excellent."

"Oh, thank you........"

I also care for her as well, as her eyes flutter as if they are blooming.

That smile. If only I could look past the meaning behind it!

But surely, by the looks of things, if she gets an education from Charlotte and Katherine her table manners will be perfect soon.......wait? The training by these two?

..........

I just have a feeling it's not gonna be wholesome!

"I'm offended...I'm not going to teach Emily anything naughty yet."

--What? And who was it that said earlier that sex education is a parent's duty, and showed her the sight of her father performing a seeding session? And...why's there 'yet' at the end?

"If Desmond-sama wishes, I'll do it right away."

No! I'm not saying that!

I mean, what are we talking about over dinner?......

"We're talking about your daughter's education."

Well, it's not wrong, but......

"However, I'll leave it to Desmond-sama to educate his mistress."

You know, I'm really scared when my wife talks to me like that.

"fufufu, I have no other intention. I was only trying to suit Desmond-sama's wants. Actually, I don't consider Sophie to be any sort of mistress. She's more like one of your concubines, and I'd like to be friends with her in order to make Aldora a prosperous place."

Oh, seriously? Charlotte-sama? If you think so and get along with her, I'll be at ease too.......

"Yes, to please husband, I'll get along..."

What is it, why my heart - THE chicken heart - is giving off a danger signal. Certainly, it does not indicate life-threatening situations. But still, I can't help but feel something chilly about this awakened righteous wife.......

"It's fine, I won't do anything bad to Desmond-sama. I'd like to ask Sophie how Desmond-sama was when I'm not next to you. --Sophie was the one who used to be beside Desmond-sama before me. Although Desmond-sama was certainly thinking of me, as I am sure you were, but for me, it seems to me that you were not fully contented..."

――*shake, shake* *shake, shake*.......

Stop, don't shake, don't shake.......

On the surface, we're calmly eating our meal. Regardless of how gruesome the horror may be unfolding beneath the surface! As expected of a noble!

"Fufu, don't worry. It's all right, so tonight, you just have to treat Sophie with plenty of affection and give her all the feelings you've accumulated over the years. I'm sure Sophie will squeal with delight."

--Oh! I'm about to choke on my meal, you know?

"Oh, this one is delicious too, thank you, Desmond-sama."

I'm relieved to see my daughter Emily smiling at me. But!

Yes, the table of the ladies and me, where the surface is harmonious, but I am tortured by a storm of horror all by myself, and there--

*stare*

"Hi, Liz."

"Good day to you."

"Good day."

The Parliamentary official appears. her steely eyes are staring back at me.

Liz Bergamot. A woman who has taken charge of the government of my domain on her own and has downgraded me, the lord of the domain, into a mere signer.

She is dressed in a Parliamentary official's uniform that looks a bit like a Girl Scout outfit and short pants - the colors are mainly white, with patterns in some places that let the wearer know the rank of the person who wears it. She is tiny in stature. But despite this, her chest is hefty and her bottom is thick. Her figure, height, clothes, face, and everything about her are honestly unbalanced, but I wholeheartedly believe that there are many gentlemen who would say that this is a desirable quality (at least in my previous life). I am confident that I could watch her work for an hour with a smile on my face if she didn't stare at me with those scary eyes of hers.

--No, I lied. I have seen her work before, it wasn't the work of a human. I think that phrase is inappropriate in this fantasy world, but if I had to use an analogy, I would say that she is a human supercomputer. --Well, that's all I can compare her to.

She looked at Charlotte but with her eyes not quite starely and reply her greeting, What? So you can make your eyes less intense. If so, why you're always look at me like that. She looks at Katherine in her maid's outfit as she takes her seat with us, then Sophie, and Emily....... That won't make children cry, right?

"I'm sorry to disturb you, Liz-san."

"Sorry for disturbing you."

"OK"

--Eh? Do you all know each other?

She lightly bobbed her head, and her frizzy silver hair, which hung down on either side of her face swayed. It was tied up under each of her chins, and the monocular monocle of her right eye glinted.

"Good evening, my lord. I know that she teaches at the academy and that Emily is a <D children>."

Really, She's professional as usual.

But the way she says the word "D-children" a little more forceful must be my imagination.

"Our lord has a hobby of sowing his seed."

"Shut up, Charlotte-chan."

"Heee, hmm, mmm, so you're going to speak to me like that now."

"Eh, what? "

I try not to let the outside know about my turmoil. But now I'm speaking via heart-to-heart. And Charlotte can clearly read more than I thought she could, to a point, I hadn't even noticed it myself.

"Desmond-sama. You seem to be quite fond of Liz."

"What!?

Even if I'm a blonde-haired, blue-eyed, handsome, sweet-looking noble face, there's no way a guy like me is in such high demand.

"The lovely Desmond-sama certainly is very in demand by us.

"Nh, nwh! "

unexpectedly, I never thought I'd be able to feel a loving touch in my mind until now. --But I don't want to think that this is a wording mistake.

"Yes, loving touch, that certainly is......."

-un, cute,

However, I don't have time to be smitten by the embarrassed Charlotte.

--Of course, I'd be lying if I said I didn't find Liz attractive............... Ummm..........if I say whether or not I don't want to bed her, of course, I do.

However, Liz's feelings are very important, and unlike Sophie who is a commoner, Liz is noble. She is the fourth daughter of Earl Bergamot. -she is a proper lady from a respectable family. It's a different level compared to just taking Sophie for a meal.

Or rather, it would be impolite to approach her, a professional career woman with an ulterior motive in mind. Because she's not interested in a love affair....or is she? If I ask her to...

"to become a concubine? "

In a previous life, I would have been stuffed in concrete and sunk to the bottom of the sea if I ask that.

"Seriously, Desmond-sama..."

--Huh? Maybe I'm imagining it, but I think I just heard Charlotte signs...

"Is Liz eat any dinner yet?"

Ugh, she's trying to ......

Charlotte asked Liz.

"No, not yet."

"In that case, why don't you join us?

The lord's wife Charlotte pointed to the other side, the seat to my right.

--Eh?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"....."

"..... " Me and Liz look at each other wordlessly.....

".....OK?"

"OK"

I responded reflexively, Liz swiftly sat down in the seat next to me. Then the cook brought out the food. I just kind of watch it and wonder.

"The two of you are in tandem. I'm quite jealous."

..... Um, can you stop saying that with your usual pretty smile on your face? The difference between the two gives me chills.

--Women, scary.

But what is the relationship between Charlotte and Liz anyway? Liz, Sophie and Emily are related by the business(?). They seemed to know each other even if the other party is a commoner, Liz also did not exercise any troublesome noble-isms, she accepted both of them and Katherine.

"You're right, so I don't think there's any problem with Liz being a concubine, right?"

"Fu~ha!?"

Now, Charlotte, I know that you can read my mind, and you probably know that I don't dislike Liz, but that doesn't necessarily mean that you understand her feelings too.....

"Hah....."

Hey, you just stumped and sighed, didn't you?

Thinking of that, though she didn't say it out loud, Charlotte looked at me with her big emerald eyes.

"now that I can grasp Desmond-sama's thoughts, I've been thinking about something".

"O-oh....."

--Wha, what is it.....?

Pretending to eat in peace, I brace myself with trepidation.

"Desmond-sama is even nicer than I thought he would be."

"O-Oh, thank you.....?"

"And Equally as timid."

"....."

"Yet he's so greedy, that he wants to hold any girl he likes."

"Uh-umm....."

I doubt I'll ever be able to retain my MP mental points. However, apart from making me shudder. It's incredible that we can continue to eat with such grace and control during this time.

"Even so, Desmond-sama does try to take good care of the person he has embraced. But of course, he would not do it to someone who didn't want to. That's why-I, I want you to love me the most, but-"

--Hmmm....I'm not sure what type of expression....what was it....what word should I add 'dere' to?

"――Aham, excuse me. It's tsun....."

Oh so this girl is Tsun. I suspectedit before, but

Awesome!

"Geez. Please stop....."

I'd normally be relieved to see such a cute twenty-nine-year-old, but such leisure time doesn't exist now.

"So, to return to my point, what I want to say is -, as a lord who knows about sensuality, please teach the ladies of your reign how to be gorgeous and beautiful, so they can truly be themselves. Desmond-sama, I said you may do as you please, didn't I?"

"Uh, yes, You did say that....."

But it seems to me that the meaning is changed, and not slightly.....

"Therefore!"

"A-ah"

Charlotte chan's abrupt voice startled me a little. Of course, I was cautious not to show it on the surface, but Liz next to me seemed to sense it, so I tried to be as discreet as possible so she wouldn't how anxious I am.

"As I thought, Liz is keeping her eyes on Desmond-sama very intently....."

"Hmm? What did you say?"

"No, it's nothing."

After saying that, Charlotte straightened her posture.

"therefore, I'd like to act in role that can fulfilled Desmond-sama's wishes. Desmond-sama won't do anything on his own unless he is forced to do so. But luckily, now that I have become able to understand Desmond-sama's thoughts-- Fufu, oh my, she is one too, isn't she? This makes my heart flutter."

Wait! What have you seen in my memory!

B-but...that means...without even knowing it, She'll offer me the girl who is madly in love with me...

I, for a moment, thought of Charlotte as the one who spun the spider web. An arachnid monster that now licking its tongue.

"What's with that vision just now?"

"Hm hm, nothing"

"I'll punish you later..... Oh, today is the day Sophie will have Desmond-sama all to herself, so it will be tomorrow..... fufufu...on the bed..... No, it doesn't have to be the bed..."

"p-please be gentle....."

"If you asked that nicely..."

The conversation is starting to become strange..... I know that I'm a greedy person, but I still want to take care of the girl I like, as well as their feelings, I don't want to abuse my authority..... It's just that I can't keep my hands on myself...

--What? I'm about to cry myself to sleep tonight, aren't I?

"Fufufu, yes, you are the worst."

Ugh, if Charlotte says that I'm not going to be recovered, aren't I?

And.

"It's all right"

When I heard that in my mind, her right hand was placed on my lap. She's going to pretend to take a little break, apparently. I felt her emotions seeping into me from the thigh on which her palm was resting.

"It's true Desmond-sama is that kind of a person inside. He is such a person that does not detest Sophie who is making advances, but he is always having his eyes on me..... you have tried to take me no matter what ..... and now you have impregnated me, and your child....."

Charlotte glanced down at her womb, and I looked at it as well.

Charlotte rubbed my thigh.....

I'm not sure what was going on, but Charlotte's thoughts seemed to be flooding into me. The pounding heartbeat in my chest seems like it belongs to her, causing my cheeks to color with the combined heartbeats.

But then, I understood what she was trying to say.

"Desmond-sama is fine the way he is. I'm just saying that I want to act in place of you, who is unable to take the first move. --Pity I can't get more involved with Desmond-sama at this time."

Ummm...umm..... Is it all okay if I'm feeling happy....but.....

-- um.....but this is.....so to speak.....

"I want to build a harem for you Desmond-sama."

A declaration!

Oh, my goodness.....

"Aren't you happy?"

"I'm happy, But? that's, that's too much!"

"What are you talking about? Desmond-sama is the one who is going to do all the hard parts. I'm simply giving you a final push. That's what I'm aiming for."

Aim? Did you just say "aim"!?

"First of all, it will be women whom Desmond-sama has already won over. The women who are anxiously waiting for Desmond-sama to win their hearts and their bodies."

"I wonder if there are really such women....."

"That is why you are such a slob."

"Ugh.....no matter how dearest my wife is, there are limits and what things you can say don't you think?....."

"You said it yourself that you are such a lousy lord. Nevertheless, everyone around you just looks up to you, really, you are a devious and disappointing person."

Kuuuu... I guess this is where I get angry, but if she can convey her love even with an astonishing look like this...

"I'm glad I've come to understand Desmond-sama's heart. Because now I can be useful to Desmond-sama....."

――Ah, she's rubbing my thigh--I'm can't get angry if her loving thoughts keep flowing directly into our connected hearts like this, I even want her to bully me more.

"Then I'll retract it."

"Hey, Charlotte!"

On that note...

"pfft"

"Haha....."

We both end up laughing.

Although I was the lowest rank, and if I had not been in social circles, I would have been nothing more than a fake noble, I was eating with a calm demeanor on the surface while simultaneously flirting in my mind. Still, it was charming that the corners of our mouths seemed to loosen.

"Um, what are you two doing?"

*stare*

Scary eyes are looking at me from the right.

Ah, huh...? Did it show on my face? But even if I was showing it a bit, I don't think someone can see through Charlotte's act......

"What makes you think that?"

Charlotte asked Liz.

"It's just that.....I thought that the two of you are having some sort of conversation. --Hm, yes, it's very unlikely. I also don't thing of any logical reason behind it. I'd appreciate it if you could dismiss what I just said."

The monocle on her glints.

Well, she's not wrong, I feel that a woman's intuition surpasses rational reasoning so that she can detect something unusual......I see, that's why people get caught having affairs.....I need to be careful.....

But It's too late if my heart is already linked!

Still, that's something I should be terrified of, but I think I'd rather show it to Charlotte since I believe I'm innocent. And it appears to me that Charlotte is the only one capable of doing that.....

--I wonder if I'm a bit of an exhibitionist.

"Oh, there is such a thing as an exhibitionist, I see....."

Stop it! I won't show Charlotte to anyone!

"Fufu, I know"

――I feel Relief, just for a moment.

Then Liz said, "I still have an odd feeling about this..."

--The woman's intuition, scary.

I mean, she might notice if someone starts flirting in front of her while leaving her out.....

And then, to add to our current mood...

"Mom, I think we have a new rival. As I thought, Liz is....."

"Hey, Emily, stop....."

"If you say so, then I may be considered a rival too since I already――"

*stare*!

T-the glare that Liz made at Katherine is so scary.....that also made the mother-daughter pair shut up. Liz's Eye has to be R15 rated.

I see, so I'm flanked on the left by R18 and on the right by R15.....

--*shrudder*!

Then.

"――Fufu."

And then Lady Charlotte giggled.

*glare*

Though a little softer than Katherine one, it is still not a light glare - it's a fine line that I cannot tell clearly, The reminds me that Liz is also a daughter of a noble family.

The lawful wife of the lord of <Aldora>, who is also the second daughter of Terrace, and the parliamentary secretary, who is also the fourth daughter of Bergamot.....

--Ah, if we overstep this, there will be a war. Sophie's situation seems adorable compared to this.

Stop it, please. Seriously, you two, stop! Above all when I'm between you two! My chicken heart will burn to a crisp. --No, perhaps not even a speck of dust will remain?

I never thought that even as a lord I would find myself in a situation like this, it's like a pressure interview. --I mean, where the hell are you, old man Randolph! Your favorite scene is here! Isn't it time for the "Gray Hound" to come out now!? You've been so excited and rushing around lately. You never really took care of me in the first place and now you've gone and made it worse! Get to work, chief butler! I'm in big trouble right now!

"Don't worry, Desmond-sama, nothing bad will happen to you."

The lord's wife said in her mind.

"Liz, will you join me in my room later?"

"――――――"

"....."

Liz glanced over at me, who had become utterly stiffened.

--Oh, you know that we're always together during the night, right? So, somehow you care more about my opinion than Charlotte's?

What, why.....?

"Don't worry, Desmond-sama will spend the night seeding Sophie."

*stare*!

And Liz looked at him, her eyes filled with more intensity. You see, she's not really glaring.....It's just that she's kind of emotional, and her eyes are starting to strain.

--Scary!

"I'm terribly sorry to hear that then."

"..... Why would I feel sorry about that?"

"Well? Why don't you just ask yourself?"

"....."

"....."

――As I said! not when I'm between you two! Please stop! I'm begging you.

And then...

"Ok. Alright. I will visit you later."

"I'll be looking forward to it. In the meantime, Desmond-sama, please take good care of Sophie. Emily will be taken care of by Katherine during that time."

――*shake* *shake* *shake* *shake* *shake*.....

I want to praise myself for keeping my trembling inside.

"Good boy, good boy"

Charlotte-chama says, but it's not the time for me to get flatter.

--What is going to happen.....?

Of course, I knew she wouldn't answer that question.....

but, well, um.....this is not something to talk about during a meal!

I haven't had a meal this scary since I arrived at Aldora.

The two women flanked me, both of them are noble ladies, and they seemed to be oblivious to my anxiousness.

And then they continued to eat.

――Er... well, really, the two of you can get along――right?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh, Desmond-sama is already scheduled for tonight. That's a little troubling..... I was considering requesting him to discipline someone..... Oh? Lady Charlotte has also invited Ms. Liz..... This is... hohoho

――quite interesting. Now now, what shall I do then?"

◇

Well, it's very important to be open and honest.

--I wonder how many times I have said this already.

But that is the proof of how important it is.

But now...

"U-uwaa.....this is Desmond-sama's bedroom.....I..... can't believe I'm allowed in here.....p....perhaps this is afterlife..... ?"

No no no! You're still alive!

"Uwaaaaaa... Desmond-sama's phantom is here too..."

Sophie seems to have gone crazy today because she fell for me a little too much. I can only hope, with an unfathomable and sincere wish that this craziness will not lead her to the point of insanity. I held tightly to Sophie, who was about to collapse in her light blue nightgown. Speaking into her ear.

"I am not an illusion. And you are also not dead. Hence, you will be embraced and impregnated by me in the flesh to bear a second child. Also - I will perform more intense sexual acts on you than I performed on Maia. So don't die until you bear my child, will you?"

"Wa~aaaaaa....."

Although I'm not sure if I'm right, if Sophie is really in love with me, with my sweet handsome noble facade, then it's safe!

When I hug Sophie tighter, a faint moan escapes her lips.

"To be honest, I've always wanted to do this. Which is why I'm not confident that I can control my pent-up feeling toward you. I may ruin you, Sophie."

"Uuu.....I want Desmond-sama to ruin.....ruin me, destroy me!"

Already feel like I'm putting myself into an insane mess--...

I chuckle. Pulling her hand and guiding her to the bed. Laying her down, I quickly press down on her. Her flaxen hair spreads out like flower petals.

"Oh, wow.....the bed, Desmond-sama's bed.....Desmond-sama's fragrance is surrounded me, and this is where I'm going to be seeded....."

Sophie is usually a soft and intelligent woman. But she's more than a little crafty.

--Though now, I don't see any sign of it at all.

Her soft, beautiful face is bright red and excited.――she looked so aroused, even though she was not supposed to know that much about sexual stuff yet, - I can almost hear her heart pounding in her..... petite chest.

Her expectations is this high.

――Gulp

I stroke her soft flaxen hair.

as gently as I can.

"Desmond-sama....." Her eyes are already starting to wet, which makes my heart flutter and my breath quicken. I leaned closer to her and brought my face close enough that I could even feel her breath.

Ha, ha...

Sophie's breathing is directly touching my skin.

"Sophie, what I'm going to do to you now is not seeding. It's sex."

"Sex.....?"

The word is supposed to be mundane for a woman of her age, twenty-five years old, to say. but her confused face made my inner naughty uncle's heart swell.

"--Yes. Sex. The seeding ended with the insertion and ejaculation..... But what I'm going to do is.....--"

I grabbed her hands and intertwined our fingers in a lover's grip.

"Ohhh....."

I put her breasts against my chest and bring my lips to her ear. The scent of her fragrant hair fills my nostrils.

"I will touch every inch of your body Sophie, I will fondle you with my fingers, my lips and my tongue, I will debauchee you so that you carve me. And finish it all with seeding. I am going to make you all mine."

"Waaa, ahh.....hii!"

When I licked her ears, Sophie flinched.

"So, it's going to be..... more mind-blowing..... than you did for Maia.....?"

"Oh, absolutely, it's nothing compared to that. I'm just telling you that, aren't I? I really think Sophie might break, you know? *Chuu*"

After telling her that I am going to break her. I kissed her on her lovely earlobe. Then I put my weight on her lightly.

"Fuu~ unnn....."

"Or do you hate it.....? *chuu*,*chuu*.....*lick*....."

"Nn, nuu....my ears.....is dirty... haah... I, I don't mind...Please ravage me even if it means breaking me.... Nnnn! "

I dug my tongue into her ear hole. Our nostrils flared.

"Nyaa..."

Without any knowledge of the sexual activity, this first-time act must be strange and even crazy. Still, Sophie simply accepts me, which is both lovely and touching.

"Sophie, I love you. Thank you for raising my child as well as the one you're about to have - no, we'll raise them together."

I say, Unabashedly.

"T-together....but..... Charlotte-sama is still..." Sophie's voice trembled.

"Oh yeah... that..."

I know all too well that this is not the appropriate thing to say in a situation like this. But still, I couldn't help but say it.

"Desmond-sama's number one is Charlotte-sama."

Uu..... Sophie speak it before I did. I'm curious how she felt about saying such things. Still.

"――Fufu"

I heard Sophie giggle. There wasn't as much pain and heartbreak as I expected, or as much as I could see.

"That is...I already accept that long ago."

"Sophie..."

"But still, Desmond-sama says that you also love me, right?"

"yes. I love Sophie too."

Despite the fact it's the worst thing I could have ever said to her.

"And that's good enough for me. Besides, it's nice to have you recognize Emily as your child....."

"....."

"It's already too much from the beginning, I was able to use my first-night rights despite not having a partner, and I was able to give birth to Emily with Desmond-sama's seed. That alone made me so happy that I couldn't have wished for more. But still.... I-I've always yearned for more..but... th-that's th-this... uu... ugh..."

"Sophie....." I said as I pressed her petite body down.

"D-Desmond-sama....."

"I'm happy to have you in my arm too."

"Y-yes....."

Kyu.

And then she put her arms around me, clinging to me. Admittedly, she has no breasts. She is what you might call a chopping board or a cliff. But still, she is who she is. I hold Sophie in my arms carefully, as if I might break her in my arm, and hug her to let her know that I am here, that this is not a dream.

"Wa~haaaa~ I'm just a mere commoner, and yet Desmond-sama, an honorable noble is...mmmm!"

I covered her lips with mine as she starts to say something weird. Sophie's lips are thin. But still soft and moist, a woman's lips. I hug her to make her feel my presence, as well as my lips.

"Hmm, chu....chu...."

"Fumu....n..."

The only thing I can taste is Sophie's lips. I bite her upper and lower lip.

"*Chupa*....."

"D-Desmond-sama, this is....."

Despite her shaking, her eyes were now filled with ecstasy. As a resident of this world devoid of bodily pleasure, it wouldn't be surprising if she thought she was going crazy.

--Which means..... there was something wrong with Charlotte, as she act like that even if it was her first time.....

――Ahem!

I kiss and taste her lips. Sophie simply accepted it.

"This is 'kiss'."

"Kiss....." I can't help but look at her wet lips.

"That's right. But this is just the beginning. Besides, real kissing is much deeper than this."

"D-deeper... th-this, you haven't done this to Maia..."

"Yes, because this is not breeding, it's sex, it's what we are going to do."

As I said this, Sophie shuddered beneath my body.

"I-I like kisses. I'd like you to give me more, and even that deep kiss you said... Ahhh How dare I demand such a thing from the noble Desmond-sama!"

I cover Sophie's lips with my finger. Her nostrils expand and contract. She is about to burst from the surging passion.

"Sophie, I love you. So, please don't think of us as noble and commoner - more importantly, don't say anything disrespectful to my beloved Sophie, or I'll be sad."

"Oh, ah.....I'm sorry.....Uh... I think I'm going to have a nosebleed.""

-- Oh, you've screwed up in so many ways. But I honestly think it's nice to get to know the Sophie I don't know.

"You understand?"

She nodded her head.

Then...just like that...

"I'll eat you Sophie. If you are really uncomfortable with it, tell me. If I can stop it - I will."

I really can't stop it anymore, but I'm still a gentleman.

Then she says, "No, I'll receive anything Desmond-sama..... does to me.....even if it's ruined me."

She struggles to control her rough breathing, her cheeks tinted red.

"Aaah, Desmond-sama, nnhhhh!"

I scramble to hold her as she hugs me back.

*kiss*

"Nhhh,nnnnnn! nnnnnu!"

Sophie's delicate limbs twitched while clinging to me.

I inserted my tongue and lapped at her saliva and tasted it - sweet, I can drink this forever. We rub our tongues together. The feeling of a confused woman is irresistible. Sophie's groan transmitted to my mouth as I pressed her crotch with my erection like an adolescent boy. I feel her lips, tongue, gums, cheek, palate, and underside her tongue.

I licked her so much that my tongue and saliva made contact with every part of her mouth.

I let her swallow my saliva.

I sucked her tongue.

The beast howled and cried aloud in my mind. I was not satisfied with Maia after all, because I couldn't break her. But I have no need to worry about such things now, to Sophie, the prey in front of me.

I can do as I please.

--She is mine.

--She, too, desires it.

"Nnnnn, Nu, nnnnnuuuu..."

Sophie hugged the man who was ravaging herself tightly. Even though she was getting violated in her mouth, sucked on her tongue, and swallowed her saliva.

"N.....ku....."

I can feel the shuddering as she starts to slurp and suck. Even though it was her first time, Sophie sucked me aggressively and actively sought me out, despite her confusion. I also swallowed her saliva.

"*Chupa*....."

"Ha, ha....de, dejumond, shama..."

When I let go of her lips, I can see the face of a drooling bitch in heat.

"Our night has just begun." ---

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Chup, chup....*lick*..."

"...a, ah... Desmond-sama..."

I kissed Sophie's nose, on her eyelids, sucked her cheeks, and licked her neck. She moaned and writhed. I did my best to imprint proof that she was mine.

I sniffed and savored her scent.

Her flaming soft skin had become a flower that lured the male. She was aware that she was being held by the man she longed to.

"Sophie..."

"Ah, Desmond-sama....that's..."

Driven by her heat, I reached out my hand to her breasts, to which she showed a confused look with a twitch and a shiver like a pretty flower.

"But.....I'm small... and Desmond-sama ... prefer bigger ones..."

"As expected..."

-- I see, As expected you say?- ....-- hah.

However, there is no time to complain. Sophie, more than anything, appeared regretful rather than furious or angry, as she had been with everyone else. If I let her see me in that light, Sophie could misinterpret that her own body doesn't fit my standards.

I began to fondle Sophie's flat chest.

"It's true that I do like big breasts."

*Punyuu, Punyuu*

Having small breasts is a rarity, a status. By all means, I have to say that it's not poor, but refined taste... --Oh, what is this guy saying.

Still, I'm dead serious. While touching her chest, I'm moving my hips and letting her know how excited I am.

I can't get enough of her moans.

"I do however like Sophie's tits more, regardless of size or shape, as long as they are Sophie's, It's fantastic."

"Desmond-sama....mmm..."

"Sure, I don't deny that if lined up side by side, I would be attracted to the larger one. Still!"

"Ngh!"

--Oops, I unintentionally put too much force. But it's probably better like this if it shows how serious I am.....

"Sophie being touched by me like this, do you still think that I don't like Sophie's tits?"

I probed the hardened area over her nightgown and squeezed it.

"Ngghhhh, ahhh, my breasts are... hot....ahhh....Desmond-sama, I know, I understand it now. You really.....like.....my breast..."

"Fufu, I do love Sophie's boobs."

*sqeeze* *sqeeze*

I squeezed Sophie's flower buds.

"Ahhhh!" She shuddered, and I proceeded to strip her of her negligee. I lift it up past her belly, caressing it, and lifting up her veil of reasoning while telling her that I want her. And then, I expose her tits, revealing her small......

――revealing...?..what?

"Desmond-sama, is there something wrong?"

Sophie gave me a worried look as I stiffened.

--No, if I were to ask if there's something wrong or not, then, of course, there is, but when it comes to whether or not I'm aroused, I'm extremely aroused, and if I were to fuck her as she is, I'd probably have at least three solid shots at her.

"--Why? Why are you wearing... micro bikini!"

Thank you very much! Wait! who is the culprit? The maid? It's the maid, isn't it? Thank you, Katherine! However, if it is really that maid doing, I'll send her to the dark room and punish her regardless of her intentions...

--Underneath her negligee lies a pair of tiny pieces of fabric. It was a modified version like the one that Katherine had made herself. I can't even begin to describe the obscenity of it all!

Although Sophie is a twenty-five year old and a teacher, her body is very thin. I know it's not polite to talk about a person's body features, but her tits are so small. It was such a steep cliff that I wonder how she was able to raise Emily to be such a fine child. To the point that I thought of its purpose as a cutting board to make baby food prior to actually providing breast milk.

But what?

Now her tiny breasts are wrapped in a very small bra that barely covers her nipples, and that string slightly digging into her slight bulge, what a wonderful sight! That's God right there! I can also see her slightly visible ribs, it makes me want to rub gently and tickle them.

Of course, I wanna licklicksucksuckkisskiss it too.

At first--

I have been left here to wander another world, but now the erotic artifact from my original world appeared chasing after me, along with its chosen wielder. It is a divine weapon that has transcended dimensional barriers and manifested itself! It is tempting to equip Charlotte with a divine weapon like Bikini Armor, but for now, it is about Sophie with her tiny breasts. And by the way, Katherine was also outfitted with something similar before, but her tits are fuller than Sophie!

Sophie doesn't jiggle.

I'll say it again because it's important.

Sophie has a slight bulge. But

Sophie's things do not jiggle!

No shake! No wiggle! No need for earthquake-resistant reinforced bras!

Now, Do you understand what I mean?

A tool only shows its true value when it's in the hands of a rightful user! Charlotte's Dynamite's body of course also has its own rightful value. But being dynamite like her, as soon as she equips it, it will explode! And! according to me, the micro is work best with two extremes in terms of physicality as well as for the mental extremes. It is viable for both street gals and serious president types (in which case the correction by humiliation is the viable solution.)... wait! If it is humiliation correction was an option, then wasn't it a universal item that can be used by anyone?

Eureka! I am enlightened! Micro clothes are a godsend.

Then.

Then?

The above is a micro bikini of the goddess, but the lower part, the lower part! I've said it twice because it's important, while all the important parts are hidden, the unkempt, dark flaxen hair is sticking out, and not only from the top but from the sides as well!

It was so indecent and lewd that it would not only kill a virgin by sight but would make even a professional groan. I thought it might only be acceptable to a certain audience because of its indecentness, but indecent matters not on a bed! The only thing matter on the bed is a literal naked fight between to eat or to be eaten, and the winner is the one who enjoys it, and if you put a classy rational crown on, you won't be able to get on the bed to fight in the first place, so be like a beast! but I doubt if I can make the girl feel good if I act on my animalistic desires.

——Believe in yourself!

That's why I'm screaming to become a beast rider! control that beast! What the hell am I screaming about, damn it!

-Ahh damn!

If someone shows themselves in such a lascivious manner that even a whore would be intimidated and run away barefooted, there is no way anyone will be able to resist the temptation. --I mean, how can it be? there's no eros in this world, even though it's been twenty-eight years since I've been reincarnated here. It may have been just my narrow-minded and stereotyped assumptions, maybe just maybe, I was incorrect all along, and Charlotte's lasciviousness was the norm in this world...... No, no, what am I thinking about you idiot?

--Put it simply!

If I had to sum up what I'm trying to put in all one line, I'd say.

'It's the best'……

It only took three words and thirteen letters...

"Desmond-sama, is there something wrong? "

Watching intently at the sight of her, I shuddered with excitement upon realizing that the ghost from my previous life had finally caught up with me.

"I knew it....it was weird..."

"It's not weird!"

I shouted my sincere emotional passion from the bottom of my heart.

I howled! I roared! Though I may be just rambling.

"It suits you. I was exhilarated! I am aroused!"

I forgot the dignity of nobility, the dignity of a lord - but definitely not the dignity of a human being, but no, I just told myself to be a Beast Rider, but I'm not riding it at all. Rather, I am being controlled by the beast.....

"I-I-I thought that Desmond-sama would be pleased, so I bought it at an underwear store in town..."

....what? (Somehow my intuition is telling me that it's not a false accusation)

--An unexpected turn.

I was plunged into the abyss in one fell swoop.

When I asked her about the detail, she told me that this had recently been marketed in town under the <D brand>. And there are other versions that don't cover the tip and the important parts only, the all-strings version, Or see-through.

Skimpy underwear, the "no-sleep" underwear in this non-erotic world, the same world where the whole act is just lube, insert, ejaculate! That means there's no mood or any build-up at all and it should be all useless, but... 'underwear for seeding?' 'What's that supposed to do?' 'I don't know why I need it, but if my lord recommends it - I'll buy it, even though it's expensive.' ――Wait, everyone.....

The power of the brand!

It seems that the brand mentality is the same even if it is in another world. Love transcends the world! And if the store is capable of providing the <D Brand>, it will add brand power to the store and the proprietress itself

.....

Underwear shop owner! damn you! damn you! damn you! damn you! damn you! But, because Katherine's handmade underwear exposed my reaction to micro bikinis, I'm going to blame her as the source of all evil! First of all, I'm going to slap that landlady with a no-approval letter and demand a design fee, 10% of sales, and demand compensation! compensation! compensation! This, this, this...what do you think the lord is?

"A sperm donor, a bit of female lingerie inventor, Oh, and a signer expert"

Ahhh! I can't go outside anymore!

N-no! I'm not crying!

And, according to what I just heard -- this situation was also live-streamed directly to Charlotte-sama, who then said--,

"I approved the <D Brand> and received the design fee and 30% of the sales. But You can put your fee on top of that."

My wife, you're so wicked... --Wait? It may be acceptable enough given the brand and the added value that comes with it. if that's the case then I shouldn't ask for compensation anymore - the world is spinning at a high speed..... without my knowledge.

I decided to vent out my indignation, my uncontrollable emotional pathos, and my desire to cry on Sophie, my mistress, who is equipped with micro bikini and is ready to be fucked by me.

"Ummm....Desmond-sama? you're kind of scary....your eyes .....and your tone is also..."

"Yes, Sophie, you have me all riled up and angry."

"Wha?"

I caught Sophie who was lying down and clad in micro bikini, trying not to let her get away. I know she probably knows I'm not going to do anything violent and awful to her, - no? This woman seems to accept even that.

Of course, I won't do it, though.

Sophie looks more expectant than scared. At any rate, my stiff erection was pushing that poor excuse of underwear of hers, shoving it around her crotch. Besides, she was pushing her hips against it herself.

"Don't you cry and demand an apology later, alright? I'm going to mess you up. That's what it means to provoke me in that kind of underwear. I'll violate you, I'll pour semen into your body to the point that completely changes it"

I Push and rub it.

The juice was already overflowing from that spot.

"Fu, fuaaaahhh...."

My mistress, who was supposed to be ignorant of sexual pleasure, was nonetheless aroused with rapture.

Am I about to awaken another sleeping monster?

Still, there's no way I'm backing down from here

Sophie, prepare yourself.

But I think I'm the one who really needs to be prepared.

I start to run my fingers up and down her tits in a micro bikini bra that could barely hide her nipples.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Grope, Grope*

I touch and squeeze Sophie's small bulge like a soft and lewd musical instrument. Her swollen nipples were already poking from behind her tiny bra, creating an obscene scene.

A slight bulge sends me an immoral sensation through my fingers.

"Oh, ah...." she moans, her cheeks flushed.

"I've only just started touching you, Sophie, aren't you getting too aroused?"

"That's because it's Desmond-sama...."

--Gufufu.

"Well, I'm flattered. Let's then torture Sophie till she regrets her words."

"Haah!"

"Hum, *lick*.... *lick*..." After all, the taste is good even with cloth on. I pushed the plump that pushed up her bra with my tongue and sucked it just like that.

"Aah! .... oh, Desmond-sama is sucking my breasts..... nuuuh!" Sophie's hips wiggled.

As I fingered her other breast, her writing became more audible. With a grinding, rubbing motion, I pressed the hot, raging erection against her crotch. I alternated between tormenting her nipples with my tongue and fingers while running my palms over her ribs. Her tiny bra slipped to the side as I opened my lips, revealing her brown erect nipples that soaked in my saliva. My crotch was so hot it felt like it was about to burst.

I raise Sophie's arm up and target her armpit.

"Ohhhh!" Sophie shook, but did not show any strong resistance." Oh, please stop, you can't smell such a place.... ugh..."

"You're so sweaty here... *lick*..."

I scraped my tongue across her flaxen bush..

"Uuu, aaa.... I can't believe Desmond-sama is doing this..."

"Do you have any problem with that?"

"No-nothing...ahh..."

Sophie looks absolutely stunning now that she's embarrassed, but not too ashamed to reject me. I capture her cocoa-colored nipples and nibble at them while rubbing her tits.

"U..uuu..."

"Fufu, Sophie is so delicious. I'm going to feel every nook of you of it my lips." I move from her armpit back to her breasts and start to tease them to my heart's content. Not only her nipples, but the whole small pulp is already sticky with my saliva.

"Aaa...ah.... stop, I, if you keep doing that...then"

"then--what? I'm going to suck and lick all of Sophie's skin.

"Hiuuh!"

I repeat the process on her other armpit, the ribs, supple belly, and her navel. With great care, deliberately...

"Ooooh, hah... hee.... I'm melting, Desmond-sama is licking me all over..... ugh!..." The excitement and bewilderment are just so sweet now that it simply sounds debauched.

I move between her legs." Sophie, open your legs. Bring your knees up and... yes, that's a good girl. Stick your pussy out to accept me."

"Ha, yes.... u.... you didn't do this to Maia earlier..."

"That's right, I told you didn't I. For Maia, it's just breeding. For Sophie, it's sex. You're mine, I'm going to engrave myself into you. And not just your body, but your mind too. I'll make that you can't live without me after this. *Suck Suck*....."

"Hiiii! Uh-uh..." Her thighs are not that meaty, but still soft. I run my lips and tongue down her leg, kissing it as it trembles and leaving red marks on it. Her feminine skin is sickeningly sweet as well. But the main course is still to come. I licked her sensitive regions without attacking there, and instead ran my tongue down her thighs and kissed the undersides of her knees repeatedly, the move to her toes.

"Chuu,Chuu..."

"N, hmm.... eh, hey, de, Desmond-sama!? No, you can't! Desmond-sama...why.... licking my toes like that...What are you! Fuuu..."

—Gufufu, despite what you say, you're still so obedient, aren't you?

I wiggled my tongue around Sophie's toes and around the soles of her feet. I rubbed her leg, lifting it up and licking and sucking it deliciously while touching her thighs. Then I let my tongue creep in a straight line to the bottom of her foot...

"Uh, ahhh..."

I raised her knees and made her leg open into an M-shaped. Of course, my aim is finally homing at the main spot.

I pressed my nose against the middle of her tiny panty, which had her flaxen hair sticking out.

――smooch

Gufufu, Sophie even if you are new to erotic stuff, but the sweet and sour aroma is almost too strong to resist already. I push against her small cloth with my nose.

"Ahhh, hunh!" Sophie's hips undulate and wiggle like a lust serpent.

Ahhhh -- the blossoming of sexual desire. To teach an already mature woman about bodily pleasure like this.

It's too much fun.

"*Sniff Sniff*..." I inhaled the scent of the female in heat as much as I could.

It fills my nostrils and dazzles me to the center of my brain.

"Uuu.... Desmond-sama, stop it, please.... ugh..."

"Why do I have to stop? It smells amazing and tastes so, so good. Huumu."

"Hee, ah!" I stuck my nose into her thick bush. Then have her micro panties in my mouth. I sucked up the love juice that had soaked into the fabric, squeezing it with my tongue.

"Uhhhhhh.... de, Desmond-sama, Desmond-sama is... Ahhhh!"

"*juuuuu,lick lick*..."

--Hmmm, The love honey soaked into the cloth is delicious. Besides, I love the feeling of the lewd slit through the fabric. "*lick* *lick*...."I find her small bean through the cloth with my tongue and lick and roll it over the cloth. Although the raw taste is good, the taste of it over the cloth is equally as good. I taste not only love honey but also sweaty hair while squeezing my nose against it.

There is no waste part on the woman's body to discard!

--Eh? May be I'm a psychopath? No no no, I guess this is still in the safe range. Let's ask Sophie.

"*suck* *suck*.... -- Sophie, if you have anything to say, say it. This is my bedroom, not a public place. Now we are not a noble and a commoner, but male and a female who love each other." I rolled up the small piece of cloth with my tongue and slurped it up.

*schlick*

"Hiuuuuh, nngh, ahhhh!" Sophie's lithe body arches. But her tits don't jiggle! I lick and tease her hot, wet, female lust directly with my tongue. It's so ready that I can just shove it right now. But it would be a shame to do that. I want to taste her more. I swirled my tongue and.

"*schlick, schlick.... lick, lick, lick...*"

I mix my saliva with the woman's lust, which increases in tenderness and taste then slurp it up with a sound like a puppy licking milk. shoulders heaving in excitement, I suck Sophie with my beastly lust.

"Ohhhh.... Desmond-sama is eating my vagina. And, that things that comes out of Maia are flooding out of me as well.... ugh... Uuu.... I'm embarrassed... I-I can't ....this feeling... Ahhh! " "*Kiss*" and then came a high-pitched sound like a bell - but it has a lewd luster that metal cannot make.

--Hah, honestly, I think I'm going to run out of patience before I even properly take Sophie. My swollen meat root twitches and asserts itself in my pants. I'd like to cum just once.....after all, I'm can reload it how many times I want with my magic power. Then, It would thus be more fun to climax whenever I wanted.

And then...

"Desmond-sama is really indecent, isn't he? Huh, n.... you do a lot of such things to me... licking my body all over.... oh, my body is so... so hot..."

Sophie seemed to finally get the feeling of dirty talk. And while she was cursing me for being indecent, the sound of her voice was -.

"Fufu, Sophie, why does your voice sound so sweet and pleasant when you say it?"

*Slurp, slurp, slurp*, licked the outside and inside of her. The sweet and sour lewd vagina twitched.

"Hyah.... Desmond-sama, please don't be mean... Ngh, ah.... I'm going to ..... oh my pussy.... it feels so good.... ah!"

That was quick. She seems to have learned the word from Maia's match earlier.

Then let's raise the bar.

I lifted my body up once and began to take off my clothes. Sophie's eyes lit up and she was clearly eager for more pleasure, her breasts rising and falling, the tips of her small breasts erect. She was so excited to see me striptease her between her legs, which were spread in a sloppy, M-shape. Fufu, Sophie, you're drooling, Both your top and bottom mouths.

The crack covered with thick bush now parted, reveal thin, pristine folds, and the pink flesh that drips honey. Even her pretty little hole below is wet. While I was admiring her, I pulled down my pants.

*flap*

The trapped object sprung free and sends a splatter on her lower belly. At once, it was between Sophie's legs.

--Soon, I'm going to pour a lot more of thick stuff into your vagina, and it's going to fill your womb to the brim...

"Wow......... Desmond-sama's ....cock is so much bigger than before. I was worried if you can get in, but now, it's even more..."

*Gulp.*

"I-I'm scared..."

"Yes, Sophie tastes so delicious that I can't wait to enter your vagina, Are you scared?" The corners of my mouth lifted up unintentionally, And with my face like that,

Her reaction was...

*shudder*

was shaking with excitement.

"You have the look of someone who is starving for it."

"No, that's not... true."

Well, well.. she had been asking for it for so long, but now she is afraid after witnessing its majestic presence. Perhaps, this is a little too much for her to handle?

――fired up!

"What's the matter? Don't you want this?"

I move my pole up and down, tracing up her slit with the tip of my cock.

"Ahhh, anh!" Her body jolted.

--Ohhhh.... it's so hot.... I may finish by just rubbing it.... I can't hold back any longer.

"Ngh, nnnn.... amazing, so hot.... nghhh!" When I press down on her core with the tip of my meat, she let out a breath at the touch.

"Be honest, Sophie, I can only give what you want if you ask for it, okay? I'll grant whatever you want, Sophie."

Oh, how almighty. I smear the male's filthy juices on the woman's hot wetness and tease her erect clit with my swollen head. She even begins to moan and move her hips.

"Huh, ahhhhh.... ,I...I want it.... I want Desmond-sama's cock in my pussy, ha, ha, your seed....your child..."

her face is debauched and bright red. She doesn't even notice the drool dripping from her lips since all she wants is my cock.

"Sophie, you're such a good girl." I said as I lightly pushed the tip forward.

*schrup*

"Haaaaan! Oh, the tip is!"

-- Not yet. unfortunately, it is just the tip, I just lightly say hello to her hole, and then I quickly pull it out.

"Oh...." Sophie's voice, was sad and sorrowful. The feelings inside me swell up.

I move from between Sophie's legs and position myself next to her face. I hold a towering, veiny, column of flesh in front of her eyes. "Sophie, why don't you lick and clean it? Just like I've sucked your sloppy pussy."

Sophie is now being confronted with a grotesque hunk of flesh. When it comes to this world, licking male genitalia is nothing but insanity. But maybe except for Katherine? Because she was spying on me and Charlotte's affair and saw it firsthand.

――And the result is.

"Yes, with pleasure."

That's right, Sophie is ecstatic. Apparently, she takes pleasure in being used by me. She may be a masochist, but not the same type as Katherine.

The sexual art is profound with many techniques, and now Sophie, with her lovely lips...

"*kiss*"

She pledges her loyalty to the glans, the owner of whom she was madly in love with.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"*Slurp*....*lick*....."

"Ah yes, Sophie, that's good.....Use your lips to spread it."

"fuh..... chu.....*lick*....."

Sophie is servicing me while I sit on the bed, draped over my crotch and licking my meat pole. Of course, her tongue movement is clumsy. But she's doing her best to make me happy, gazing up to make sure she's doing it correctly. The slimy red snail twists around my shaft as she places her palm on my leg.

"*lick*.....chupu."

"Kuh....."

"Fufu....."

Sophie giggled, brushing her flaxen hair aside, she slid her face to the side, sliding up the pole, then falling back down, licking to the roots. Apparently, the fact that I'm feeling good makes her very happy. The column of flesh with its grotesque veins twitching stood tall like a magic sword. She happily crawls her tongue over it and slides it over her lips.

In delight, I exhaled a hot breath.

"Oh....."

With a giggle, she rained kisses over my girth and even seared the head with the tip of her tongue. To be honest, it's quite slow to my liking. But the way she nabs it is exquisite. The languid sensuality is intertwined with her devotion and sends shivers down my spine. Of course, Sophie is as beautiful as most of the inhabitants of this world. With a butter face like that - if we weren't noble and commoner, I'm sure she would have been a kind wife and we would have made a warm home together. --But? If that had been the case, a not-noble me, would not have been able to cast 【heal】 on her, and, of course, I would be devastated if I hadn't met Charlotte.

*jerk*

and

Sophie's body jumped.

It was because of the fact that I caressed her hair. Her glistening hair was a pleasure to touch. She must keep her hair in good condition for me at all times.

I begin to feel both apologetic and loving.

"Huh-uh....." I stroke her hair, tickle her behind her ears and rub her chin. I stroke her neck, shoulders, and back....and it appears that this is enough to make Sophie, who loves me, I then stroke her smooth back before lowering it to her round ass. Fufu, she has a nice little ass. The thought of having my child born with these hips makes the angry rod that is getting serviced swell up even more.

"Nn, mmm.....chu, *lick*....."

--Mmmmmm, it's wonderful that she doesn't stop serving even though she is being fondled.

What a spirited service.

I mean, there's some first-class maid that did that, how to say it, duty aid? I would also like to see Sophie learn from her on this one.

"Sophie, it's time for you to start sucking me off, okay? --I won't force you. I'm sure it doesn't smell good after all."

"Hup!"

--No hesitation at all!

I let her serve me with her mouth for the first time and feel her hot womanly slush.. --ha, this even makes experienced me squirm my hips.

"Nnnnghhh....."

"Ooh....." as I taught her, she sucks just the tip and licks around the girth. "Kuk.....just like that Sophie, suck the air in and hollow your cheeks..... yeah, keep going, move your head....."

"Nugh,*suck*,*suck*……"

--ha, the way she's trying her hardest...is the best....

"Nnghhh!"

while my thing still in her mouth, Sophie moaned because my fingers, which had been stroking her ass, began to scrape her crack. Of course, it was not only the front hole. I also rubbed her rear hole as well, poking and prodding it, and stroked her head with the other hand.

"Sophie, properly move your tongue around too, suck it, and wiggle your face a bit."

"Nngh, nngh, nngh! ..... nnnn....."

Good girl. The column of flesh fills her lips as it grows even harder and larger. Her lower mouth is flooded with honey as I tickle it. I scoop it up and smear it on her ass, teasing her flower buds.

"Hhhhhh, mmmm!"

*Juppp, juppp, juppp*!

Sophie shook her face furiously, as if trying to distract from the pleasure my fingers giving her. The hair brushing against my thighs made me more and more aroused.

*schlick*

"Nuuuuuuuu! Nuuuu, uuuuuu!"

I felt her vagina clamp down on my finger. I lightly move it around, but Sophie herself wriggles in arousal even more so. All I did was lightly move my fingertips. But it seems that the amount of pleasure is more than enough for Sophie to feel the stimulation. In other words, her hole performed an action to drain the sperm out of men.

--Gufufu I can already feel the woman's desire on my finger. I enjoy her mouth as I feel her womanly lust.

I can feel the girl's juices overflowing from her passage.

"Nnnnghhhh, nnnnghhhh!" She sucks and licks faster. There was sticky residue all around Sophie's mouth. There is also a sticky liquid drooling from the honey pot where I have stuck my finger in. ――Ah, no way, this girl was aiming for a home run, no....she aim to get as many shots as she can.....

"Sophie, I'm getting close, can you keep this up and take it in your mouth?"

"Nggh, nnh!"

"Oh!" She was a natural, her oral is furiously intense. The echo of her sucking shows her womanly delight, she even shakes her ass lewdly.

"*Jyuupu, Jyuupu...*"

"Good... just like that..."

She shook her face vigorously at the raging flesh. I stroked her flaxen hair as I lightly rubbed the creases of her tight vagina. My testicles and my anus tightened, but that did nothing to stop the raging miasma of lust!

"Oooh! It's coming out! take it all! Sophie!"

"Mmm! ..... aaaa....."

*twitch, twitch*.

The rod that is hidden in the woman's lips pulsed. Truthfully, it was a sight I had seen enough times that I should be used to it by now. Nevertheless, my balls are pumping and the seed that spurts out into the beautiful woman's lips. It smells fishy and sluggish - there's no way it tastes good. not to say that my throbbing cock is shooting a massive load of it out. But Sophie's lips clamped down on my raging shaft, refusing to let go.

"ngh.....ngh.....ngh....."

"Thanks, how about drinking it? I'll be glad if you do."

*rubbing*……

"Ngghhhh! gulp,gulp,gulp……"

Kuh, rubbing her weak spot really works wonders. Sophie takes my cum without ever taking her lips off of me. She even cleaned it when I told her.

My rod remained slick. The sheer pleasure in her mouth is enough to make me desire the main act.

"Ha, ha, Des, Desmond-sama..... haaaa....."

Ooh. She can't stop her raging breath, her nostrils are flaring. I can almost see a heart mark in her eyes, and her face has a really slutty quality no matter how I look at it.

It was hard to believe that today was her debut in sexual activity. The beast was about to break the chain at any moment.

"Sophie, I want you to straddle me and put my penis in your vagina. Can you do that?"

"Y-yes.....with pleasure....."

No longer does she hesitate like in the bath, that time Sophie looked so cute in my arms. Then, sitting on her knees, she straddled me.....

*drip*!

A large amount of love juice overflowed.

She trembled.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh! it's in, Desmond-sama's.....big cock is going in!"

the meaty cavern tightens around my hot shaft. She clung to me, biting the male's rod that filled her.

"Fufu, that's a good plunge. Although, since you call it a cock yourself without me to teach it, I guess that means Sophie's pussy must really love this cock."

"Yes, yes, yes! I love Desmond-sama's cock so much.....ah! My lord is pressing at the place where Emily used to rest! Nah, ah! ! "

"Kuu!"――As expected.

It was so ready that I can almost hear the pumping sound, but still, she tries her best to clamp down on the rod with her folds twist so it won't escape again. Squeezing the juices out of my seed pouch. I immediately start shaking my hips ---but that's like only stirring the pot.

I'm going to make her mine. I will use her exclusively for myself. I will take all of my tension on her, everything I didn't get to do to Maia, Charlotte who drove me into a corner, and the maid who humiliated her lord and master! (It all started when she modified those underwear!)

The beast is gouging her vaginal flesh.

"Oh, aahhh, it's so big, so big! Haaahee....."

She hugged me and I embraced her back. Her hand, her hair, her sweaty body is on top of mine, our flesh merging together! I run my hands over to her ass, squeezing and giving it a floppy smack.

"Huh, anh! Desmond-sama.....it feels so good....."

"It's incredible that you can feel it already." --Ungh, seriously. "..... Sophie, I love you. So let's make a second - no, third, even fourth. How many of my children will you have?" I rocked my hips, making my sack slap at her to make her more aware of the situation. Then, I was met by a kiss♡ from her cervix that was lowered to greet me.

"Kuku, Sophie is so needy."

"Ohhhh, yes, yes. I want it.....I want to give birth! I will conceive your children! Desmond-sama's children, as many as you want!"

"I'm so happy, Sophie...."

"Ohhhhh....." she looks so disheveled, but I don't think I can judge her for that kind of appearance now. " Ahh, ah, ah, anh! Desmond-sama♡"

Knocking on her door with the tip of my meat, we rub our hips against each other. Her vaginal folds undulate and tighten.

"Huh, nnn, hmmm!" The woman's sex twitched with the glazed sounds. I can't resist the arms holding my back as if she's clinging for her life. With each rocking of my hips, the woman's scent releases like an aroma. I inhale her neck and enjoy it.

"Ahh, anh! Hahhhh....."

The bed creaks along with the sound of flesh smacking against flesh, as well as the lewd odor with the musky woman's panting." Nnnnghhhhhh.....Desmond-sama..... Mmmm!"

I responded to her sweet voice with my lips. Our tongues entwined with each other, even escaping from our lips, and I leaned up while still holding Sophie in my arms. I pushed her thighs up and started to shake my hips while our tongues entwined. I stirred the folds of her vagina with big strokes.

"Aaaah, ahhhhh!! amazing, amazing,hiii~!"

*smack* *smack*!

I thrust hard into her. I pulled out and let her feel the shallowness before thrusting deep into her again. Once our lewd juices are frothing on our pubic hair. I held her legs and turned her to the side.

"Sophie, stick out your tongue."

"Hahi, ahhh, ahhh, mmmm, mmmm, mmmm....."

I sucked her tongue while stirring her messy, wet pussy. I could feel my balls and my stored seed bubbling up. I grind into the folds of her flesh, thrusting and grinding, setting her womb on fire.

"Ahhhh~~~~,Ahhhhh~~~~!"

Sophie sounds like an animal now.

I'll fuck you so hard that when you wake up, you'll lose your voice.

Okay, then.

"一Here's the first shot. Make sure you take it, Sophie."

"Eh, ah, ahhhhh~~~~~~♡♡♡!!!"

*splurt* *splurt* *splurt* *splurt*

"Guuu! It's coming it! Ooooo!"

And, by shooting deep inside, my cloudy desires calm down.

"Haaaaaaaa~~~~~~!!!"

*Jerk, jerk*

*splash* *splash*!

--To think that she orgasmed from the first round...

"Uuah, ah, Dejumondshama, Dejumondshama is coming in..."

A jerking, trembling meat clogged her hole. I let out a sigh of pleasure, spitting out a lot of seeds in order to plant seeds in my mistress (old title) now concubine who gave birth to my first child.

"Get pregnant, Sophie."

"Y-yesh……,h-hot……,sho hot……"

With that done, however, I was still not using any magic. The night was still young, after all. I knew that this was not enough to make amends to my sweetheart for making her wait for so long. --Then

"D-D-Deshmondshama...I-I'm shorry"

"Hmm? What's wrong?"

"I.....It's...not... today………"

"Oh, I didn't know that."

"Hahi, shory.....ah, it still, coming out....."

While she was repenting, I continued to spurt my semen into her womb, like a paragon of the impregnating rod. I am so proud of Sophie for being able to talk like that while I was pouring cum inside her vagina and her womb.

-- but then, that's convenient.

"--Gufufu. I guess I'll have to start pouring more then."

"Eh?"

The ejaculation finally subsided, but on the spur of the moment, Sophie's meat hole happily clamped down on my seeding rod, which showed no signs of wilting at all, with a cute♡ squeak.

"Ahh!"

I catch her willow hips and make her raise her ass up on all fours. Then, without hesitation, I began to move my hips. Showing her that both her body and her heart are mine.

"Aahhhh! no, it's not!"

I kneaded her slim buttocks. Sophie's ass wiggled with pleasure. Even her cute little hole is in full view.

I can't help but wonder if it might be overkill for her first experience to have non-vaginal sex, but after having bed battles with that Ero monster day after day, I can understand one thing right now.

--This woman is happy.....

It's true that she's getting a little bit excited, but it seems that she's really enjoying being used by me in this way. Thanks to those marathon sessions with my wife and thanks to Katherine's early ahegao - I'm starting to get a sense of when a girl's limit approaches.

Sophie is still all right. And she wants me.

I start to thrust my hips mercilessly, digging into her sweet flesh.

"Ahhhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh....."

*smack* *smack* *smack* *smack* *smack* *smack* *smack*

When my thighs hit her ass, her flesh squeals. My ball slaps against her crotch, letting her know I'm not going to pull out until morning. Letting her body acclimate to mine, molding it into the hole that's exclusively for me.

Yes, Sophie is mine.

I've always wanted to do this. Of course, my number one is Charlotte. But it was Sophie who was always at my side....

As a lord, I can do whatever I want, but after Charlotte was conceived, I still couldn't initiate a move, no matter how much she said it was okay.

I'm a -- I'm really bad at it.....

But now the bandage is off. I'm going to fuck Sophie all night long.

I won't stop bucking my hips even if you cum!

--then the second shot.

"Ahhh, haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa~~~~!!!"

I slammed my hips into her from behind making her let out a loud cry, and then I mercilessly unleashed my cum once again in the depths of her vagina. Sophie cries like an animal getting mated. It was like a neigh of a mare, her back arched. I shook my cannon and began to search for the next position to fuck her more deeply.

How many shots can I put into her?

I'm going to cum in her vagina until I shoot blank.

――The night is still young indeed――.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This chapter is about summary about the current cast of characters, including information about their skills and previously unknown details.

【Baron Desmond Damwead】

Twenty-eight years old. He is the third son of Viscount Damwead and the lord of the remote land named Aldora.

He is tall with fine golden hair, blue eyes, and a sharp nose, exactly like a stereotypical charming, sweet, handsome nobleman. He is not fat, but neither is he muscular. He prefers to wear casual clothes. A reincarnated person, although he does not recollect it until recently, he has been making half-baked innovations and ideas with the half-baked knowledge he barely recalls, adding up his achievements in a rather modest way.

He is timid and kind-hearted by nature, with no ambition for success. Since his technology has made his territory wealthy and his tax revenues are sufficient to support his livelihood, he has no desire to expand his territory. Despite that, his territory has strong counterintelligence as well as a defensive system (but he is unaware of it).

Although he has a secret desire to have sex with various girls, but he has not been proactive about it, partly because of Charlotte and because he cannot approach girls by himself. But now that his mind has been revealed by his wife, he is not so sure anymore.

Magic: 【Clean】 【Physical enhancement】 【Physical enhancement(sex)】 【Strengthening】 【Strengthening (sex)】 【Heal】 - was the magic he had used so far, but these were different from normal magic, in that they are not the kind with established formulas, but rather a 〇〇 type (although it was not his intention). For this reason, the magic used to improve the soil in Aldora does not have a proper spell name, but rather, it is called 【magic "water"】 【magic "earth"】 and 【magic "wind"】.

Unique skill: "Chicken Sense"

Title: <The Reincarnated One>

Alias: 《Heretic of Damwead》

Blessing: 【Protection of 〇〇〇〇】

Bond 〇〇〇：Charlotte (Bond Strength: Flesh)

〇〇 Bond : Monica (Bond Strength: Blood)

【Charlotte Terrace】

Twenty-nine years old, a divorcée. The second daughter of the Earl of Terrace. The first wife of the Lord of Aldora. Although she is human, she has 〇〇〇 ancestry. It awoke only after the bond between her and Desmond formed along with the appearance of the lewd crest that was specially adapted to him - she was unable to have children until then due to the potency of her blood. A twenty-nine-year-old girl.

Platinum wavy blonde hair with, large emerald eyes, a well-defined nose, and youthful, cute looks that make it hard to believe that she is old enough to be a mother. Has huge breasts and a large ass. She is elegant and likes to dress in one-piece dresses that are too girlish for her age but fit her perfectly.

She used to be married to Peter, the eldest son of Marquess Swift but was thrown back home when she was unable to bear children. There was a side of her that was a little self-deprecating because of that - but now there is no longer a trace left. She is charming, sweet, and fond of romance, as befits her appearance.

However, she also has a sharp and uncompromising side, the result of her strict nobility upbringing, and when she discovers that Desmond, the man she loves, occasionally does his jobs but is usually too lazy and too carefree. So she decides to take on the role of madam and take on a more aggressive role --It's all right, it won't turn out badly

Currently pregnant with Desmond's child.

Magic: 【Clean】 【Fireball】 【Soundproof】 【Separation Wall】 【Phantom Mirror】 proficient with "fire" attribute.

Unique skill: "Ero space"

Job: 【Mage】【Lord's wife, Madam】

Bond Master: Desmond (Bond Strength: Flesh)

【Katherine】

Twenty-six years old. Unbeknownst to Charlotte, she is Charlotte's half-sister. This is the reason why Katherine can use magic.

She was a beautiful woman with a cold, expressionless face and thin, piercing brown eyes. Her reddish hair was styled in an elegant updo. She has a well-proportioned slender body. Her chest was small but beautifully shaped. And despite that, she has a huge ass. (comparable to Charlotte's). She wore a classic long-skirt maid's uniform.

She was supposed to be a competent first-class maid, but her master drove her crazy, and since then she has been an anal and blowjob lover masochist maid.

Currently pregnant with Desmond's child.

She has been Charlotte's attendant since little girl, and since she is younger than her, she was first introduced to her as a playmate who was not afraid to play with her. One of the few people who are aware of Charlotte's love of romance. She used to play the role of a prince.

After observing Charlotte's admiration for her ex-husband, then supported her in her depression after she was sent back, unable to conceive a child.

Peter? I never heard of him.

Magic: 【Clean】 【Antidote】 【Storage】 【Physical Enhancement】 【Analysis】

Skills used: "Assassination" rank B, "Blocking Presence" rank B, "Sense Presence" rank A

Technique: 【Silent steps】

Job: 【Assassin】 【Maid】 【Mage】 → 【ＭＥＩＤＯ】(higher level job)

Blessing: <Blessing of 〇〇〇>

【Parliamentary official Liz Bergamot】

Twenty-four years old. She is the fourth daughter of the Earl of Bergamot. She is an overqualified bureaucrat who manages all of Aldora's internal operations, limiting Desmond's role to that of a mere signer.

Her silver hair hangs down on both sides and is tied at the end on each side. Her hair is bushy, although well-groomed. She is a beautiful woman with a sharp look.

Stern eye (sanpaku eye) with a monocular monocle on the right. She has poor eyesight and is often lost in thought, which has resulted like she was glaring. Height "small" Big breasts (comparable to Charlotte)

The uniform of the Parliamentary official is white, like a girl scout, according to Desmond. It is a highly prestigious uniform, and although not overly elegant, the detailed design shows the high position of the individual. She wears short pants.

She used to work at the royal capital, but because of her appearance and character, as well as the fact that she is a woman, she moved to the Aldora territory. She admires Desmond, who hired her based solely on her abilities. It did not take long for it to develop into a romantic feeling. But the lord is oblivious to her feelings. Feeling that she was too good for him and rather inappropriate to have a sexual relationship with a woman who is working so hard. But the lord, feeling inferior to her even though he is too good for her, and rather rude to have a sexual relationship with a woman who is working so hard, is oblivious to her feelings. However, neither does he know that his wife has already planned to have her take a second wife spot and also have her pregnant. -- Okay...Like hell! that's not okay at all!

Magic: 【Erase Memory】 【Storage】

Skills: "Partitioned thought" rank A, "Information Processing" rank A

Job: 【Parliamentary official】 【Mage】

Magic tool: Binocular

【Butler Randolph Steiner】

Age: secret.

He was once a mercenary called 《Gray Hound》, and although he claims to be just an old man, he is still very much active. He is a quasi-nobleman with a knighthood.

His voice is austere and calm, like aged Scotch, and he has romance-gray hair, bushy eyebrows, a mustache, and gray eyes. He has a gentle face and wears a tailcoat butler's outfit.

He is an old butler who has accompanied Desmond as his escort from the Viscount Damwead's family, but his true purpose is to monitor and keep an eye on Desmond. --He is, however, Just a "guest", and not really a subordinate of Viscount Damwead's. He is a man of his own interests, will, and mind. His purpose is to observe what becomes of Desmond, whom he finds interesting. And now, he is an like old grandfather who has too busy to grow old, working day and night on counter-intelligence, while taking the honor of being a vassal to the man who has impregnated Charlotte.

--Hoho, interesting.

Magic: 【Analysis】【Dispel】【Antidote】【Clean】【Heal】【Soundproof】【Eliminate odor】【Gray hound】(unique magic)

Skills: "Assassination" rank S, "Blocking Presence" rank S, "Stealth" rank S (【Inaction】unleashed)

Job: 【Knight】 【Butler】 【Assassin】 【Arcane martial artist】 【〇〇〇】【〇〇】

Title: <Knight> <Slayer> <Transcended>

Alias: 《Gray Hound》

【Sophie】

Twenty-five years old. Emily's mother. Former village mayor and youngest daughter of the current mayor, she is originally a sickly, thin-looking woman. She has flaxen hair and a gentle face. Her body is slender and thin, due to the aftereffects of her former illness and malnutrition.

As she talks with Desmond, who strolls around town, she becomes attracted to him and desires his child. With brilliant resources, a pinch of cunning, and obsession, she has constructed a scheme to allow her to claim her first-night rights without a husband, and she does so with the help of some Curious seeker grandpa and authority figures in the village who wanted to gain a closer connection with Desmond. I want to have a child with you even if I die, no, if I'll die anyway, I want to at least have a child with you. This woman accomplished her desire by confronting Desmond with her zeal. So he pour his 【heal】 magic into her along with his seed and she became healthier than ever before and gave birth to Emily. She is now a Teacher at the school.

Job：【Teacher】【Villager】

【Emily】

Six years old. Blond hair and blue eyes. She is the product of her mother Sophie's "gifted training." and is the daughter who is seriously trying to marry Desmond, with all practicality in mind.

She is the first <D children>.

Magic: Still in practice.

Job: 【Villager】 【Mage】 (apprentice)

【Maia】

Twenty-seven years old. A farm woman. She has a tanned, healthy face of a peasant woman. She is pleasant and some may describe her bold. Her flaxen hair is tied in a braid, and her auburn irises that can endure working in the heavy sunlight. Her shoulders are broad and her arms are strong, probably due to her hard daily work. She has ample breasts and buttocks (a close match to Charlotte's).

The literacy rate among the residents of this town was high, and many romance books are sold in the town's bookstore because of Charlotte's interest in them. As a result, she also enjoys romance. She and Charlotte clicked and became the first commoner friend of Charlotte's.

She married her current husband when she was sixteen, and they have an eleven-year-old daughter, Hannah, a seven-year-old son, Daniel, and another six-year-old daughter.

She is currently pregnant with Desmond's child.

Job: 【Villager】 【Farmer】

Blessing: <Blessing of 〇〇〇>

【Hannah】

Eleven years old. Maia's daughter.

With the help of her father, she has been drinking milk.

Job: 【Villager】

【Maia's husband (no name)】.

He is a big man with a rugged face, and although he sounds serious, his non-hardiness is evident on his face. The only thing he has going for him is that he takes his work seriously.

He does not want to do anything unnecessary. However, he will do his best to accomplish what is needed and what he thinks is in everyone's best interest. And in this world where there is no concept of eros, being able to have his wife and daughter seeded by a nobleman is nothing but a matter that he should focus on, instead of trying to interfere.

However, there is something that has been bothering him a bit lately.

Job: 【Villager】 【Farmer】

【Ian】

The cheerful chief. Well tanned and looks to be in his late thirties. Although he is quite young as a village chief, the "chief" of Moiré Village is decided by the strength, while the political and foreign ministers are appointed by the advisors. He is a macho man.

Have Wife, eldest daughter, second daughter, the eldest son, and youngest daughter Monica.

Jobs: 【villager】 【hunter】 【fighter】

【Monica】

Fifteen years old. The youngest daughter of Village Chief. She is a very, very pretty girl, but she is a strong and powerful fighter. By the way, she is the strongest in Moiré village. Under the tutelage of Randolph.

She has short, flaxen hair and hazel eyes. She has suntanned skin and a lively girl face, has recently developed a feminine charm. On the night before her wedding, she wore a white dress with gold and blue embroidery. Her regal bearing and posture are so noble that one can almost feel the nobility in her. This is because she has been trying her best to match up with her beloved Des, and has always been mindful of her manners and behavior so as not to embarrass him.

Desmond first came to the Moiré village about seven years ago. She was eight years old at the time and saw Desmond as an enemy. And when she saw that people around her were gradually falling for him, she decided that she would not be cowed, so she attacked him. But it didn't work.

She is saved from being mauled by a Tyrant Bear, and when she discovers how strong he is, she falls in love with him.

At the wedding celebration, she was attacked by an evil mage with 【Madness】 and she could have neutralized it by merely letting loose. but some lord cast an inappropriate amount of 【Heal】 causing her to accept his magic power and 【Madness】 at the same time. And then she rutted. In order to stop the rut, he had to have sex with her and ejaculate into her vagina, thus absorbing his magical power and transforming her into a beast. She grew dog ears the same color as her hair and a dog tail. When she remembers that moment, her face turns bright red and her body writhes.

She is currently pregnant with Desmond's child.

Skill: "Beast Transformation"

Technique: 【Strike】

Job: 【Villager】 【Fighter】 【Hunter】 【Beast Warrior】

Bond Master: Desmond (Bond Strength: Blood)

【Marquess Peter Swift】

Thirty years old. Charlotte's ex-husband. According to Katherine, he is a very useless husband. Eldest son of the Swift family. Short-cropped golden hair, blue eyes, and a handsome face.

He is a man of high birth, a man who takes up the sword, wields magic, and invades other countries' territories to achieve military success and/or defend the borders of his nation. He is a typical elitist aristocrat who defends his fiefdom, his name, and his property instead of his women, and considers his wife to be his tool to maintain his lineage (though she is still a mother to his children, therefore she is a few levels higher than his people) and his people as property that only purpose is to pays taxes. For this reason, he was angered by Desmond's lack of concern for his own power and his lack of military prowess on the battlefield (even though he had never met him). He is also annoyed by Charlotte's sister, who carries a sword and runs around on the battlefield despite being a woman.

He has a sixteen-year-old son named Thomas with a concubine. The concubine is now promoted to a legal wife.

【Teresa Terrace】

The eldest daughter of the Earl Terrace family. She is the elder sister who carries a sword at her side and leads her female soldiers on the battlefield. Her skin is impenetrable even with steel blades.

Leading the Platinum Knights, she operates along the border as a patrol unit. Although they could attack, she is refraining from doing so if they can because of her family's treasured sword, which would cause trouble for Charlotte.

――Fuhahahahaha! I have come!

And to add, she's Charlotte's older sister, and Charlotte is her younger sister. --which means.....

Weapon: War Axe

Magic: 【Physical Enhancement (Extreme)】 【Separation Wall】 (use it on herself, turning it into absolute defense)

Fighting Skill: 【War Gale】

Unique Skill: "Madness"

Skill: "Demon's roar" rank A

Job: 【Knight Commander】 【Berserker】

Title: 【Transcended】 【Destroyer】

Alias: 《Platinum Breaker》

【Earl Terrace】

He has reddish hair and brown eyes.

When he was troubled by his eldest daughter's problems, he gave his seed to a maid who was kind to him. Thus, Katherine was born. --He is a hard worker.

【Ephemera】

Assassin. 〈Shadow〉〇〇〇 of 〇〇〇. By order of her Lord, she infiltrated Aldora's territory, but was played by the old man.

Magic: 【Silence】 【Eliminate odor】

Technique: 【Silent steps】

Skills: "Blocking Presence" rank S, "Stealth" rank S (【Inaction】unleashed)

Job: 【Assassin】 【Secret agent】

Alias: 《Ephemera》

【Saint Christina Ernest】

Nineteen years old. Waist-length blonde hair, blue eyes. She is a saint of the Eros religion. Possesses carnal desires. She is from a commoner background. After she was identified as a saint, she was given the surname.

Unique Skill: "Healing Hands"

Job: 【Cleric】 【Saint】.

Title: <Saint>.

Regalia: <Holy panty>, <Holy bra>

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is it you want to talk about, Lady Charlotte?"

Liz, the overqualified Parliamentary official in charge of Aldora's affairs, was in Charlotte's room while Desmond, the Lord of the House, was executing a sexual art in his bedroom with Sophie.

She had a pair of sharp eyes and silver hair. A small beautiful woman with a large chest.

Everything about her body seems to be built around a concept of contrast.

Perhaps that's why it makes her abilities stand out even more.

Her formal attire was white and prestigious, with a monocular over her right eye - yet Desmond thinks it gives him a Girl Scout impression and is highly tempting.

Charlotte's room was, needless to say, the personal room where she and her husband had been banging about all day. Katherine is not here right now. She is baby-sitting Emily.

Thanks to the [Clean] and the flawless arrangement of Katherine, Charlotte's exclusive first-class maid, no one would think that this room is a place where gruesome and lascivious deeds are performed every night, including Katherine's.

The bed is properly set, and the furnishings are suitable for the lord's wife. Liz sat at the small table opposite Charlotte, pretending not to notice it. She pretends to be oblivious of the nightly feasts that take place in this room, and that she was asked by Katherine to observe the Lord and Lady's amorous performance in the front row.

The lord's wife was getting her fill of pleasure at that time, with her indecent voice and manner. And then, her beloved lord devoured her like an animal, - the echoing howls of men and women, the sweat, saliva, snot, tears, even urine and love juices of men and women splashing about. She remembers the scene - a whirlwind of raunchy smells. At that time, they had transformed themselves into mere beasts, forgotten their pride and dignity as nobles and lusted after each other.

--They were so shameless.

It's difficult to imagine that the lady in front of Liz now, behaving like a noblewoman and the lord's wife, is the same person as that lecherous monster.

But at the same time, it makes me wonder if that thing really feels that good.

If I am desired and devoured by him, I wonder if I cried out in a haughty voice and go wild like Charlotte did at that time..... Furthermore, even with this ample breasts, I wondered if this petite body would be able to handle his needs.....

"--Liz, you needn't be so tense."

And then Charlotte, who was sitting in front of me, spoke up.

"I don't intend to be tense."

*Staring*

I look at her carefully, just long enough not to be too much.

"Of course."

Charlotte smiles lightly.

She is the legitimate wife of Desmond-sama, our respected lord.

She is older than me, but why, oh why is she so pretty?

Her wavy platinum blonde hair is flowing, and her large emerald eyes are like real jewels. She has a well-shaped nose, smooth and soft cheeks like white snow, lips like pretty flowers blooming with light peachy color.

Her breasts and buttocks are huge, and yet, when she wears a prim dress, she looks like a young girl.

――Ｓｈｉｔ.....

Although Liz is stunning, her eyes absolutely demolish her charm. Even the Lord avoids my sight with these eyes. Even so, he does not make ridicule my appearance. Although it is unfortunate that he is scared of me, however, recently I have become a little fond of his reactions. And when I look at him, my eyes become tense without my knowing it. Why is that?

--Well, I guess because I like him.

It's not that I do not want to convey those feelings-- it's just that he doesn't notice.

Ｓｈｉｉｉｉｉｔｔｔｔｔｔｔｔ!

The same thing happened just yesterday. If Charlotte became pregnant, there wouldn't be any issue to invite another noblewoman as a concubine—in fact, it would be preferable to do so immediately. Because of Charlotte's pregnancy, the circumstances in an aristocratic society is going to shift dramatically.

I even appealed to him!

And for some reason, he was even more evasive than usual and didn't respond!

Although the reason was that The lord's wife, a princess-like lady in front of her, was mischievously playing under the lord's desk - and after that, he was able to get work done like usual.

Liz was the type of person who took her personal anger out on her work. And was too good at it too. That's one of the reasons why Desmond recognized her as a workaholic, a workaholic with no interest in romance.

And then, she said.

"Liz, you are the one who is worthy of being the second wife of Lord Desmond."

"Of course I am."

"Ara."

"---- eh?"

what did I just say?

"".....""

"--*puff*" (Charlotte).

"No, that's." Liz's face is red to the ears. "I apologize for thinking about such things while I am in front of Charlotte-sama. The words I just spoke were simply reflexive and contained neither logical basis nor wishful thinking. Even if Charlotte-sama thinks I am worthy of being the second wife of my lord, I myself-- am not? eh? me? the second, wife?... concubine...? ...."

--o-v-e-r-h-e-a-t *Kyuu*

No no no no, this is not the time to get excited. Cool down, cool down. Activating the emergency protocol for the information processing system-- not good, the emotion suppression capacity is already exceeded.

*gigi, gigigigi*

She shuts down her emotion suppressor system which is about to explode, her eyes are even harder than usual, so much so that Desmond would recognize the emergency if he saw her.

Like a robot that refuses to stop functioning even though it is puking blood.

*horror SFX*

It is not an appropriate description for this fantasy world, but if Desmond were here, he would have thought so.

Undeterred by her appearance, she went on.

"You're so happy that you're about to explode, aren't you?"

"No, I'm not!" Liz unintentionally raised her voice, and said, "I'm sorry. that was rude. It's because I thought you said 'first wife'."

with that, I said.

――W-what ..... am I going crazy...

Even though I was agitated, this is not the right move at all. There's no way Charlotte would really propose the position of the first madam --While she may reluctantly accept this, this matter should not be taken as a joke even if one wanted to.

I did not intend to make a joke like this, it was not only a bad move to cover up, it was a grave that even had a coffin prepared for it.

It was as if Liz was trying to take the first wife's place. To begin with, even though Liz is the fourth daughter of the Earl of Bergamot, Charlotte is the first daughter of the Earl of Terrace, and the wife of the Lord of Aldora, whom Liz works for.

The difference between the two is stark.

Mainly in terms of which one Desmond will listen to. But even so, Liz is a self-contained, supercomputer-ly official who handles all of Aldora's political affairs. There is no way he can afford to lose her-- then, she said to Liz that just slipped her tongue.

"I'll give up my position as his first wife."

Her lips pouted cutely.

--Oh, she's so cute.

Desmond would have said that if he was here.

"---- eh?"

Liz's eyes widened.

They say that the sober person is the one who cleans up after the drinking party, and here a similar atmosphere took place here. At this point, Liz still had no idea what she was getting herself into. She had no idea that if she ever became the second wife, she would be forced to play a difficult role, the one that was just there to deliver the punchline.

Not surprisingly, her mind was in the right place. Charlotte is the daughter of a noble family, and despite the difference in status between the wife of a lord and a Parliamentary official in the lord's service, they are both daughters of earls, regardless of the nature of their family backgrounds. As far as their families are concerned, they belong to different factions. If so, this is a place where one cannot let one's guard down. And it is something that should never have been allowed to happen.

Indeed, Liz witnessed Charlotte's lecherous display toward Desmond. - but this is different.

Now Charlotte has shown her naive - and childish - appearance toward herself.

If this is the case, then...

-It was not for her benefit, but for my lord.....?

By daring to show her weakness, -- not for our own interests, but for Desmond's sake, although there is a difference in the positions of the first and second wife, those relationships are not the ones to try to step over each other.

"....*kusu*" Charlotte showed a dazzling smile that even the same sex would admire. It is true that she appears innocent, but through thorough noble education, she is worthy of being a lord's wife-- no, in this world, she was captivating with an even more impressive qualities.

"Why don't you help us out?" She says." I no longer wish to consolidate my power in the cumbersome world of aristocracy. But to protect Desmond-sama, protect this life with Desmond-sama, and protect our child..."

Here, Charlotte's expression is one of compassion. I wonder if I will be able to make this kind of face when I conceive his child--.

"What an invincible creature!"

Desmond would have said that, but Liz.

*shiver*

I tremble with a shudder. I must admit. This woman is, after all, the first wife. No matter how capable I am, I can only do administrative work, paperwork - information processing. I can't imagine standing alongside him in a social circle filled with scheming and politics......

--With other nobles sending in their spies to compete with each other, this territory will not be immune from such a thing now that Charlotte has been conceived.

--Not to be said that the Gray Hound has become somewhat like a fish out of water recently, happily delivering his prey to her, while Liz is busy gathering intelligence and information from those prey. It's a feeding frenzy. And now, unbeknown to anyone the prey that the hound brought in today was even from that house...

--But, that's not relevant here yet.

Charlotte, with her youthful behavior earlier, is saying that regardless of the birth family and their faction, we should team up as the Desmond faction, as a Second Lady.

in that case,

"I understand. My lord may be reluctant, but if I have your consent, I will accept it."

*stare*

Liz tried her best to keep her cheeks blushing.

Finally, finally, finally.

If she becomes the second wife, a normal noble would normally be stopped from acting as a government official - a woman becoming the head official in Aldora region is something that should not normally be possible in the first place --But with such a lord, I am sure that he will allow me to continue my work as a political officer even after I become his second wife, continue her work, and act as his....

--B-Bride.....

I stiffen my body and resist the urge to cheer. It was sad to think that insensitive chicken bastard still doesn't like me, but I have to look past that. After all, if really that is the case, surely he would have done it in accordance with manners and etiquette, instead of the outrageous seeding he did to Charlotte-sama.

I'm not interested in it. I'm not disappointed!

Besides, there is no one else who would take me, with my looks and personality, And there is no one other than him who can fulfill my wishes, and he's the person I love..

It's a feat of endurance to stiffen one's body to withstand the full power of one's emotional maiden circuit. But, naturally, Charlotte knows it.

"You look so happy."

"Please don't joke."

Her unabashed choice of words showed that she was so distraught that she could not pick her words properly - and that she herself was at ease, having readily accepted the idea of joining forces with Charlotte.

Desmond was concerned about their relationship, and to be honest, they really didn't have much in common. A political officer and the first wife. Although the factions of their families were different. Liz, who had been permitted to serve as a political officer and even left alone to do so, still had links to her family, and despite being ordered to disclose information about Aldora territory, she stubbornly refused to do so. --In fact, Liz has long sided with the Aldora faction. She rarely attends social gatherings as she is not very interested in them. There is no more to the relationship beyond the title.

But is it really just like that? After all, Charlotte-sama who does not even look at him even though he has feelings for her, and her lord, who only made a roundabout approach also unaware of feelings from Liz, who she loves and also hates for it.

I had no doubt that there was something going on there, but...

"Oh, Desmond will be so pleased, because he seems to have been very interested in Liz. "

.....

"--Howa!?"

"--fufu." Liz unintentionally let out a foolish sound, and Charlotte chuckled merrily.

"Desmond-sama is also generally acting like this. Hmph, you two are like... a couple who act similar? I won't permit that."

Charlotte was beginning to grumble, but of course, Liz didn't believe a word of it.

She fixed her monocle, which was about to slip off and said, "Well, that's just a joke, isn't it? My lord doesn't seem to think that I'm....."

"No, I understand him very well." The lord's wife's large emerald eyes reflect Liz's sharp eyes.

It's a sight that would make Desmond shudder.

"Desmond-sama does not hate Liz. That's why you will be thoroughly and plenty pampered with love, in private"

thoroughly.

plenty.

Like an animal.

Devoured.

--And make me cry.

"Oh, are you afraid?"

"Such, such nonsense....." Although she was bracing himself, her voice was trembling....." So, in the first place, my lordship likes me, ....."

Charlotte responds in a nonchalant manner. Her fingers place on her big chest. "If you doubt it then you can ask him in private. that I want you to teach me your feelings through this body."

then she reaches out.

Her tender finger begins to twirl on her breasts.

"This, this......." Liz turns her eyes to her large, perky breasts...... The lord seemed to love it so much as he bit on Charlotte's breasts that day.

Ah... like that, with my body, my breasts...?

The warning sound alerts rush through Liz's operating system.

"And then you ask him to make you his second wife. After all, I can't arrange that much for you...."

--smile.

Charlotte-sama's smile deepens, and it's not just the level of a little devil or pixie, but a demon queen of lust.

"If you stormed into his bedroom and pressed him, you'll get him for sure."

"pew."

Charlotte closed one eye and said that. To be honest, Liz doesn't know what that means. After all, shooting through the heart with a gun wouldn't hold any meaning in this different world.

This woman has absorbed Desmond's knowledge too much.

But even Liz could understand that it means that he will finally hold her.

-- just like that?

"If Liz wants me to help, I can strip you naked, decorate you carefully, tie you up, and send you directly to him."

Naked? Decorate?

Bind me......so that I can't move, and let my lord do as he pleases.....?

To be -- attacked?

alert, alert.

There was a buzzing in her head, a warning sound, unlike anything Liz had ever felt before. But it's more of a sense of anticipation than anxiety or fear if anything.

"Th- that's not it, that's not it at all! I don't desire, such actions... there's no reason... no reason to...."

In a state where she was unable to resist, the lord would force her to submit to him, violate every part of her body, and then thrust his male organ, which looked so strong and vicious that it deserved to be called a meat sword deep inside her, thrust his hips into her again and again, make her cry, repeatedly whisper to her that he loved her and ask her to bear his child, and then he ejaculates until she becomes pregnant, over and over again, deep inside her vagina, and impregnates her with his child. I will be impregnated with the child of the man I love.....

And that surely can't be just a one-time thing. If I became his, I will be, repeatedly...

.....

over capacity Happiness index limit exceeded, out of control.

-- *Kyu*.

And that was when Liz, who had turned bright red, almost had a stroke.

*Knock-knock*

"Excuse me, Charlotte-sama, I heard Miss Liz and you are busy in there, but I have something I would like to discuss with you two."

--Yes, the hard-working 《Gray Hound》 caught a big prey today.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hohoho, this is quite something."

Randolph visited Charlotte's room, and his gray eyes narrowed at the sight of the two women inside.

With his gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and mustache, he looked like a handsome old man, dressed in a tailcoat suit that was the pinnacle of a butler's outfit.

Using his old observant eye, he had noticed that the distance between the two women, Charlotte and Liz, was getting narrower.

"Should I say 'congratulations'?"

His smile deepened with a mildly amused look. Inwardly, he thought

hoho, interesting.

--From the looks of things, it seems that a day when he will be called the general of Aldora is not far off.

After all, this Grandpa does not have time to grow old.

"Wh- what is there to be congratulation about...? "

As if having a mutual understanding. Charlotte, the lord's wife, and Chief Butler Randolph exchanged glances. If Desmond found out, he'd be stunned to discover how well these two got along, but he's not here, and Liz, who was supposed to be equally surprised, had no time for that.

Without the usual strength in her stare, her ears reddened and pretended to be calm.

"This will require a letter to Earl Bergamot. Have you decided on a date for the wedding?"

"Get to the point! Why are you here! Hurry!" Finally, Liz, who had exceeded her capacity raised her voice. "I'm not ready! I haven't talked to my lord! Not yet!"

Fuh-yah!

She blew up and let out a puff of air, leaving little to indicate that she is an overqualified Parliamentary official other than her Girl Scout-like attire, as Desmond refers to it.

Surely it would have had an instant effect if he had given her a cat toy.

"Hohoho, Katherine told me that Desmond-sama can drive women crazy. I wonder if Ms. Liz will be like that too..."

Upon realizing Randolph's words, Liz corrected her posture.

"Well then, let's see what you become when you have subjected to those techniques."

--The lord's wife Charlotte giggles with amusement.

*Stare*

She glared at her unintentionally. But her face is bright red and her eyes are a little teary.

"Oh, how cute."

If that man who can drive that woman crazy were here, he would have said that.

"No, no, I just don't have to take it."

"I cannot allow that. To become Desmond-sama's second wife and bear his child, you must undergo those techniques. That is also a condition I set for you to become his second wife."

Ugh.

Liz stumbled over her words.

"Fufu, if that's your reaction, it seems that you would like to marry Desmond-sama and carry his child."

Charlotte smiles mischievously like a girl who succeeded in her prank. But she still looks cute despite the contents of her words.

"--Hohoho," Randolph laughs." Well, well, it seems like we're on the same side. So, is it correct to assume that Liz-sama will be Desmond-sama's second wife?"

"..........Yes."

"Then you will also undergo the sexual techniques, correct?"

".........Pui!"

When Liz turned her head away, her silver hair swayed. Revealed that her face is red to the ears.

""Excellent."" The voices of Lady Charlotte and the butler overlapped.

".....why are you guys so close to each other anyway?"

As she said this, Liz felt the atmosphere between them change completely.

In an instant, she changed from the shy look she had until now and showed the appearance of a capable political official.

"We need to act as a united front."

"Very well."

Randolph nods, and Charlotte offers him a seat, which he accepts.

Now, present here is - the second daughter of the Terrace family and first wife of the Lord of Aldora, Charlotte, the fourth daughter of the Bergamot family and second wife (planned, or rather, certain) Lord of Aldora, Liz, and the "strongest" knight with the title Gray Hound Randolph.

The leading figures of Aldora are all here (although the lord is not present, he is still in the middle of impregnating his mistress, unaware of this meeting that would cause him a stroke if he saw it).

"First, I would like to hear a report," Charlotte says. "How was the harvest today? I have regularly informed about the situation through Katherine."

"Can you tell us about that? Ms. Liz."

There was no reason for Liz to refuse if Randolph had urged her to do so. Although she is surprised that they are already in touch, despite her desire to confront the old merry-go-round who has been keeping it to himself until now, and her desire to spend more than an hour questioning the maid who has been quietly acting as an informant intermediary. But she now knows that Charlotte, who is usually clinging around Desmond these days knew the information thanks to Katherine, but if the meeting was to be held in the context of the Aldora faction, Liz, who is a competent Parliamentary official, should not interject personal feelings or grudges.

The important thing now is that Charlotte, Randolph, and herself join hands for Desmond's sake and prepare for external enemies.

"It's about the affiliation of the spy who visited our territory today..."

When Liz begins her report, Charlotte closed her eyes and listened attentively. She seems like a completely different person from the one who was flirting with Desmond.

According to Liz's report, there was not much new information. It contains the power structure and the other party's intentions, etc., which is about the same as what has been accumulated up until now. But on the other hand, it means they had already gathered more than enough information.

It was only Aldora that they had infiltrated this time, they had infiltrated other camps in the past according to their families and faction interests, and depending on their skill, they may not have been given information about their own faction, but they may have had information about the other faction.

As long as these spies are among those ranks, they can be used to penetrate even the darkest secrets of the nobility. When combined with all the data and put through Liz's information-processing abilities, all of the data was compiled like a relational model with frightening accuracy. Makes reliable intelligence available even in this remote territory.

Charlotte listens intently.

"----However, if you have been listening to the previous reports, there is nothing particularly noteworthy to mention-"

Now. the main topic.

"Today, We caught 《Ephemera》."

*Startled*

Charlotte reacted.

"《Ephemera》, you mean that..."

"Yes."

Liz nodded.

"She seemed to understand her place and opened her mouth easily." Randolph continues from Liz. "Hoho, I would rather not choose my death if it means my information can be extracted anyway whether I am alive or not. As expected, an ice-cold rationalism in order to take the most convenient means. It matters not if the choice does not appeal to her master's interests. - Hoho, or maybe she didn't care about her Lord in the first place?"

He says it meaningfully, but the smile on his face is the smile of a gentle, good-natured old man as if he were saying that he fed the birds on his day off. The two ladies know his personality and are used to it, but knowing him, that chicken lord would be...

horrified.

Randolph wants to drag 《Ephemera》 into this faction. This is not only because《Ephemera》is competent but also because she is, as he puts it, an interesting person, and has the means to draw her in - for this reason, he had Liz act as a lie detector rather than extracting information directly from her brain.

Inspired by Desmond's idea, Randolph establish a means of extracting information by using Liz, an adept mage in the information field to access the subject's brain directly. The frightening method as it did not matter whether the subject was alive or dead, as long as the hippocampus which controls memory remains. Knowing this《Ephemera》made the most rational decision.

"According to that..."

Randolph sends her a look, then Liz continues to reveal the information she has obtained, reviewed, and analyzed from her.

Then Charlotte.

"Hmph, it looks like things are finally starting to move in the open as well."

The two nods at her words. Despite all this, the lord is not present, after all, he is still in the middle of--(same as above).

"So Randolf, what do you plan to do with 《Ephemera》?"

"I am thinking of having her join us."

He answers immediately.

"If she is not motivated by either duty or loyalty, the benefits outweigh the disadvantages to have her join and she can easily switch to our side. --But it will take a lot of work to offset the disadvantages incurred by her...and also sexual art."

At Randolph's words, Liz stammered, "Uuu......," and Charlotte--

"Katherine tells me that the sexual art can only be used by Desmond-sama, and that it can drive a woman crazy."

Liz's cheeks twitched at the word "crazy".

"If that's the case, then sexual art can be used to attract Ephemera too...so what do you think?"

Randolph's gray, penetrating, mysterious eyes turned to Charlotte, who, with the exception of Desmond, was the foremost expert in the art - or even surpassed him now because of the fact that she has obtained his knowledge.

"Yes, I suppose so."

Charlotte's red, pretty lips curled up. Like a blooming flower.

"In that case, can I take charge of training her? After all, I'm no stranger to it--"

Randolph couldn't help but narrow his eyes at Charlotte's luscious behavior.

◇

A room in the mansion of a certain noble--

It is an overwhelmingly luxurious room. However, that luxury is not vulgar or flashy, but rather the work of first-class craftsmen, first-class art, and materials that have stood the test of time. Looking at the arrangement of the items, one can see that they were not collected by a wealthy man who wants to waste money, but by a man who wants to enhance the "status" of this room and its owner, who truly understands their value.

However, even understanding this requires an appropriate level of "status". Above all, these items seem to be demanding that the owner of the house possess a "status" that is suitable for them.

The owner, with short-cropped blond hair and blue eyes, dressed in clothes befitting an aristocrat and was unable to suppress the anger that seeped out of him.

"No word from the Ephemera yet?"

"Yes, but no way someone as skilled as her is...."

"That's not relevant."

At the Lord's cold voice, the head of the <Shadow> keeps his mouth shut.

As the leader of the <Shadow>, it is not unreasonable that he let slip such unbecoming, excusing words that he wouldn't normally say. Because Ephemera is the most skilled among the "Shadows" in this faction. It is unbelievable that the report on the first day of the Aldora territory infiltration ended up not being delivered.

"《Gray Hound》――――"

The Lord uttered in disgust. He had heard of his legend. But for those of generation younger than the one he had built his legend on, there was a part of them that thought that a legend was nothing more than a legend, a myth. Furthermore, until now there was occasionally information they get from the spies, although it was easily obtained information and there was nothing suspicious. The information that the legend has now indeed become just a legend, that the 《Gray Hound》 has declined.

Or that's what they thought.

However, if it was because all of the released agents forget their duties and are sent back, the situation up to now is nothing more than behavior designed to catch them off guard. If that is the case, they have no choice but to doubt the authenticity of the information they received until now, and - frankly - they are not even sure if it is really the 《Gray Hound》 that is intercepting the intelligence or not.

--《Heretic of Damwead》.......

The Lord clenched his fists and gnashed his teeth.

A coward who fled on his first battle, a pathetic failure of a nobleman. And an unforgivable fool who sought to share the magic with the commoners, a magic that was reserved for the nobility.

Cultivating the soil, building city walls...... Those are the tasks of the commoners but he did it with magic. Magic is not something to be used to mimic the commoner's works. The nobles wield magic and kill monsters that commoners cannot defeat, or take land from other nobles and savages while the commoners cultivate the land and enrich the nobles as their natural obligation to those who protect and shelter them. Furthermore, according to what he has heard, he even gave his seeds to the commoners.

--ridiculous!

A man who has no pride, What kind of a nobleman is he? Regardless of how many commoners with magical powers come to challenge them, they will never be able to defeat a noble mage who has been trained through a legitimate magic training founded on venerable and strong blood and a long history of development. --The mere existence of a fool who has forgotten the preciousness of his nobility is enough to make him sick.

Though it is easy to crush it, there's nothing more annoying than crushing bugs.

And it is a wound to the pride of nobleman to be bothered with such a man, no matter how much of an eyesore he is.

The Lord asks.

"What is the credibility of the rumor that Charlotte is pregnant?"

"Well..." the person responds.

"it seems to be true. Although we cannot be certain, it seems that the Terrace household has begun to make a move even from a baseless rumor. The Damwead viscount is still silent."

"Kuh..." The lord shows a face as if he bite into a bitter bug.

The fact that Charlotte is pregnant completely overturns the fact that he sent a woman that cannot bear a child home from an allegation into an ultimate insult. All the unreasonable demands and special treatment that he has received until now have suddenly turned into his weakness.

"How foolish..., That woman shouldn't be able to get pregnant ......."

his thinking was that.

That woman had insulted me by taking my seed and not getting pregnant. She deserved to be given to a man like that. And The other nobles also agreed.

It was also a good move to suppress that heretic.

He was popular among the lower classes of nobles. Although he was a nobleman, he was a lowly, insignificant figure compared to the rest. But if someone tried to attack Desmond and had him executed, it was possible that they would join forces and even start a rebellion. That was more trouble than getting rid of a bug and he take no chance of losing.

If it had come to this, he should have just taken care of it in one fell swoop. He never expected Charlotte to become pregnant and for someone like Ephemera to be defeated on the first day - not to mention from what he has heard from those other nobles, it would be best to assume that they cannot be attacked by espionage and manipulation.

And what now then?

"Tsk."

And the Lord, Marquis Peter Swift clucked his tongue in disgust.

"Invite him to join our peer. Send an invitation in my name to Desmond Damwead. Inform him that his wife must also be present."

So let us inquire whether she is conceived or not. Baron Desmond Damwead, the current owner of Charlotte, and myself, the Marquis.

Even if Earl Terrace is a noble with a long and distinguished history, he is still an Earl. Duke, Marquis, Earl, Viscount, and Baron. If one disregards that hierarchy, the order of a noble society will collapse. The Earl of Terrace has no say in the matter.

Desmond is a coward who flees on his first battle. There was no way that he would not yield his head when he was pinned from above. Besides, just by discarding one child and woman or even just one woman, he would gain the backing of the marquis. If he is a nobleman, this is nothing but benefits. Both of these options may unpalatable, but he cannot turn his back on either of them. He may also be allowed to enjoy the rich that was leached from Terrace. But only in an amount commensurate with his status.

Was that the wrong assumption? To begin with, Aldora Territory is in the middle of nowhere. No one would have known what might happen to them on the way here.

"...... I guess that would be best."

Peter muttered darkly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The soft moonlight streamed through the opening of the wooden window on a peaceful night.

The beautiful young girl was laying on a bed.

She was on all fours with her face buried in the sheets, her cute ass raised high in the air and her hips wriggling. Although she was still growing, her curves indicated that her body was indeed a woman, and the intense feminine aroma emanated from beneath her pajama.

Her fingers slipped inside her pant, her crotch making a wet sound.

"Haa, nn... nguu... Yes, there, there... Des-sama... More, more... Ah, aah! No...not there... Han, aaaah!"

Her slim shoulders shook and trembled, and her toes curled. She groaned softly with heavy breaths, massaging her weak place continually, craving more.

Her short, flaxen hair and tanned face are in a trance, drooling and her eyes rolled back. Her puppy-like whimpers combined with the sound of her nubile flesh stirring are quite surreal.

The girl's immature body was imbued with the joys of being a "female", something he had taught her, something he had forced upon her. That is why - this is not enough. She is still unable to experience the ecstasy that was etched into her fifteen-year-old body like that night.

I want to feel better, more, I want him, to make me feel good... not with my own fingers like this--.

The girl added more finger to her nectar hole. Stirred her own flirtatious flesh by pressing them together, making them thicker.

The wet sound and her cries become more intense.

But still.

"It's not enough, ... Des-sama... Des-sama's penis is too good... That hard, thick, strong, hot penis, I want it in my vagina!"

Then she bends the first joint of her fingers.

*Pssshhhh*

A stain spread across her pants. The maiden's slender thighs already have many, many lewd stains on them. But it still wasn't enough.

"Ah....Des-sama..."

A wistful call.

"I want to see you....hmmm..."

The lonely maiden comforting herself on the bed was.

--Monica.

She was married to her beloved lord, whom she has loved and respected since childhood. When he visited Moiré village to replenish the defense system, she was forced to go in heat, and throughout the night, she was fornicated through and through and got impregnated.

Desmond has no excuse for any of his conduct or actions.

--That night, she was the virgin ready to be harvested on behalf of the village girls, the long-awaited sacrifice to Desmond, who was "revered" and treated as a "Guardian Deity"! --In other words, she became his bride under such pretenses, a first-night right without an actual husband, and to have the nobleman's seed poured into her until she was impregnated, an extraordinary privilege! Although Monica wanted nothing more than to be bounded to him and to be conceived, she was delighted that he was her owner now.

Although she didn't expect to be ravished like that.

The day prior to the event, a group of bandits led by an evil mage attacked the village.

But this place was a village of warriors with a well-equipped defensive system, and the pitiful bandits were easily overpowered and defeated. The evil mage, who was fed up with the situation, used his magic 【Stealth】 hide and approached the villagers to finish the task himself, but Desmond, who possessed the unique skill "Chicken Sense."

This is a side note, the 【Stealth】 magic used by that mage was magic, while "Stealth" used by Ephemera and Randolph is a skill. It was the magic that can achieve the same effects as "Stealth" which is a higher-level skill that combines various forms of techniques and skills. But the spell was a spell, it consumes magic power to activate and maintain it. When one considered the actions of depending purely on 【Stealth】was just like hiding behind the veil of "Stealth", then it is not as impressive, and in various ways, "Stealth" is more tranquil than 【Stealth】.

To be called a true expert, the skill "stealth" is more qualified than magic. --Furthermore, the nobles often use those who do not have noble blood to act in the dark or even assassinate tasks as "shadows" the task that those who are among the nobility avoid it. They, after all, have their noble's pride.

The evil mage was thus exposed, but he saw the opportunity and inflicted Monica with the forbidden 【Madness】 Berserker , the same that he inflicted on the bandits. With someone as powerful as her, it should have been easily dissipated by just her life energy, but because of the sinful master who can drive women crazy (according to the maid who wishes to remain anonymous). He was so worried that he performed an unnecessary 【Heal】on her. Because of that, Monica, who had been longing for him, actively absorbed his magic power, which in turn combined with the 【Madness】 and forced her to go into heat.

Yes, it was a forced estrus.

Maybe the evilest mage that night was the lord himself. On top of that, he used 【Physical enhancement (sex)】 to aid in controlling her heat, even to the point where, according to himself, he converted all the stupid amount of magic power he possessed into energy and burned himself into ashes afterward - an amazing feat, or rather, an outrageous act. All night long, he ravished the poor 15-year-old girl's body.

There is no excuse. I would like to ask for punishment for all accounts. --If he can be punished at all.

And then, can the poor girl, who was degraded to a bitch in heat and pregnant by the evil lord continue to live the same way as before? Of course, she couldn't.

After that, the responsibility for the administration was given to Monica. She is the representative of Desmond in this village. Naturally, the people of the village assist her, the precious girl who carries the lord's child. There was also a maidservant to tend to her, although the term "maid" might be inappropriate for this village.

This is originally a logging house where the Lord, the "Guardian Deity" and his entourage stayed. No one is allowed to step in here -- except for Monica.

Although the bed in which Monica consoles herself in solitude is the same room where her lord sleeps, she is naturally not allowed in here. The room she resides in and uses as her personal room is a guest room.

But if no one else is home, she normally sleeps in this room, the room where she has memories of him.

"Nnghhhhhh..."

Moaning, Monica sat on the bed.

She was still burning more sexual desire. She rolled up the hem of her shirt, exposing her girl's breasts to the quiet night, which was still in the process of growing. Her lovely light pink nipples were already standing from her delicate areola. She pinched them, just as he had done to her that night. Then girl's body suddenly feels like an electric current running through her.

"Nnghhhh, ahhh! Des-sama..." The sensation makes her tremble. "Haa, n... he loves breasts...the same breasts that I have to reserved for my baby, But Des-sama is going to have them all to himself....aaaah!"

With the imagination of being teased by Desmond, she kneaded the tip, which had turned stiffened with her own fingers. She kneaded them both.

The girl's face, still with a hint of innocence, was turning into a bitch in heat face, her eyes drooping. Her tanned skin was sweating, and the scent of "woman" was running rampant.

Her left hand strokes her toned belly and sinks down into her pants. The place was already a burning mess.

"Ahhhh....it's like I peed my pants....ugh....so embarrassing...but I want Des to see it....look at it, spread it....tease it, lick it..."

Monica began to remove her pants while breathing hard. Her pulsing heart threatening to burst. She then she pulled off her panty, which had absorbed so much lewd liquid that they were no longer qualified as underwear.

*schrup*

"Haaaaaaah..."

The lewd sticky sensation of the cloth being peeled off of her skin reminded her of being undressed by him. Monica imagines a vision of Desmond, standing beside her bed.

It is impossible for a commoner to be with a noble, which is exactly who she imagines right now. Desmond is considered to be just decent in terms of appearance among the nobility, but to Monica, who has never seen any other nobleman, he appears like a heavenly handsome man, with the added bonus of affection. With a gentle smile on his face, he lowers his blue eyes to Monica's shameful and exposed parts of her body.

"Ugh, yah, look, don't look, Des-sama....hah..."

The sight of herself makes him chuckle.

It was the look he had shown Monica that night - a desire for her.

"Is it really no good? I want to see every part of my girl's body."

Desmond, the imaginary Desmond, spoke.

"Ugh, Des-sama, you can't..."

"I like Monica's body, you know? There's nothing to be shameful about, even that hole under your cute little pussy is adorable and beautiful. You know I'm being serious. After all, that night we--"

"Hihhhhhhh..."

Monica turns so red at the thought of what was done to her that night, to the point that she might explode.

That's right, that night, it wasn't just her front hole....

"No....D-Des-sama..."

Stiffening, aware of his blue gaze on her two holes, the petals she had been teasing already bloomed cutely in front of him, and spilled male-luring nectar with a twitch.

And.

The fact that it dripped down to her other hole made Monica wince with shame.

"Do you want me that bad?" The image of Desmond says.

He leisurely removes his clothes in a seductive fashion to Monica, his male antler already pointing fiercely at the ceiling.

"Hahhhh, ahhh....I want it....Des-sama's, cock..."

Monica said, and before her fantasy Desmond ordered her, she got up on her knees and thrust her hips forward, exposing the most embarrassing part of her body.

She wiggles her hips. Because he is aroused by her own body, his male organ has grown angry and that pleases her.

"Ooooh, haaaa....Des, Des-samaaaa....I'm a naughty girl, I want your strong penis so badly that I have to play with myself every night... Please....please..."

She spread her wet pussy to charm him. The girl's puffy flesh. The spread lips of the girl's vulva invite him and spill out the cloudy nectar lustfully. The girl's clitoris was also exposed. The plump, swollen flower bud complained about the intensity of her lust and twitched desperately.

She then wetted her fingers with her own saliva.

The meat shaft of the imaginary Des-sama is rubbing against her cleft and teasing her. "Haa, ah", her wistful gasps spilled out as her finger rubbed her private part.

"Ku, ah!"

The girl's limbs bounced, and she let out a sweet, charming sound each time she brush her clitoris. The small bulge shook, causing the erect, light pink tip to quiver slightly as it feel the cold night air.

"Ahhhh, ugh..."

He teased her clit, nuzzling it.

"Ohhhh....hmmm, hmmm, hmmm!"

He teased her bloodshot, erect nipples.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh, Des, Des-sama I want you to put it in me, quickly, quickly, oh....your penis, fill my pussy with your penis.....ahhhhh!"

Monica arched her back, revealing her tanned throat. It's a throat so unprotected that a man would be tempted to bite it. However, eroticism does not exist in this world - with a few exceptions.

Because of that, without the aid of magic, her cries are leaking out of the wooden window. And the villagers....

"Desmond-sama's treatment must have given her too much power..."

And so on. Listening to her nightly cry of Monica makes her parents feel relieved, to think that she was held and impregnated by her dear lord. Truly a world where sexual desire does not exist!

Monica's slender fingers, indoctrinated with desire, sink into the hole that he has trained in search of pleasure. The red rutting petals are spread open, and the girl's willow fingers make lewd wet sounds as liquid squirts out.

"Ahh, ah ah ah ah ah ah ~~~~!!!!"

The maiden's charming voice echoes through the rural village.

Regardless of her parents and the village people's feelings, it is a serious matter for Monica. That's because, after all, this is still not enough for her.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh....Des-sama....Des-sama's cock is so good.....so big.....it reaches deep inside me, splitting my body apart. please pour your seed inside me..."

She stirred the pot and kneaded her nipples.

Without the existence of Eros in this world, there is no dildo, which is the apex of human pervert culture. Even Monica thinks it is absurd to insert a foreign object other than Desmond's manhood into her vagina.

And even though she was not satisfied and was comforting herself in this way, making a charming cry that echoed through the village without seeking help, was because she was also conserving herself.

Because, in this womb, she carries the child of her beloved. If anything should happen to her, she would not be able to face him.

Therefore, she comforted herself night after night like pouring water onto a hot stone. She was unable to sleep without it. And the sounds are gradually getting louder and louder.

"Ahhhh, ahhh, hahhhhh!"

Her toes gripped the sheets. Her twinkling eyes closed tightly, and she felt her vagina tightening around her fingers, feeling the pleasure that rushing through her.

"Fuu... huh..."

The strength drained from her limbs. She pulled her fingers out, through the folds that are still tightening. She then ran her tongue over the tangled honey that sticks to it. If the evil lord who turned her into a bitch could see how much she craves him, he would want to push her down again and stamp the everlasting pleasure on the fifteen-year-old girl's body even more.

From her pretty lips emerged two fingers. In place of love juice, her glistening saliva smeared on ii.

"Time to sleep...."

Monica whispered with flushed cheeks and moist, auburn eyes. A reddish tinge appears on her tanned body that still faintly heaving.

"I'm soaking....I need to change..."

Spring has already passed and summer is about to start. Even so, her sweaty body still feels cold at night. Normally this is where she'd call it a day and sleep just like that, but now she is carrying his precious child. She can't afford to be careless

"Ng...." she took off her shirt, exposing her naked body.

The moonlight seeping in through the wooden window casts a faint blue light on the gorgeous girl's body. She used to hunt in the fields and mountains prior to becoming pregnant, and when she got exhausted, she would just strip naked and plunge herself into a spring.

Every nook and cranny of her skin was burning under her clothes.

She looks like a tanned fairy straight out of a fantasy. But no, she is not a dark elf or even an elf.

She shuffles to the window with the supple steps of a wild animal.

The moon is shining brightly. Tonight has to be a full moon. A dazzling moon that outshines even the brightest stars. On nights like this, magical beasts may make quite a ruckus. That might explain why she was arching more than normal. After all...

"Nn~yo." Monica let out.

*twitch*

From her head, there were a pair of triangular ears the same color as her flaxen hair, and flaxen dog tail from her hips. --on that night, she was raped by her lord in order to stop her forceful rutting, and his thick magic semen was poured into her womb -- As a consequence, the magic was converted onto her body.

"Beast Transformation". And because of her and her master's temperament, her form was based on a dog.

"Monica is always so energetic and sniffs things just like a dog, right?"

Monica was trained by him.

He not only developed and degraded Monica into a bitch, but he practically remodeled her. Furthermore, she was overjoyed to form an everlasting bond with him, while her master recognized that he had committed a heinous act.

"Don't tell anyone"

So he made her a promise to keep her heart tied to him.

--Such cruelty.

No doubt the lord was the evilest mage of all.

--I suppose he might do this someday, no, he will, master is a sinful man after all (according to an anonymous masochist maid who wishes to be fucked silly like that herself)

Monica shyly approached the window and peered out at the night sky, exposing her unaltered body with dog ears and a tail.

She was afraid to open the window. Since being tampered in the hands of the evil lord, the girl has developed a strong feeling against being seen by any man other than him.

--The sprouting of eroticism.

If the nefarious lord knew this, he would surely smile wickedly.

Looking up at the night sky through the window, she froze.

"Hah, hah, ahhh..."

Her voice trailed off and her breath hitched.

"Uh, ahhhhh...." she uttered in spasms,

Monica's eyes widened to the limit, and the perfect circle was reflected in her eyes.

the full moon in the night sky.

The light of the stars was suppressed, scattered like fragments of glass. The black void, the black abyss. Like an aperture in the night, the perfect, round moon hanging in the sky. Magic bond, magic glamour, magic feast.

Since ancient times, the moon has been often associated with magic.

Magic, Madness lunatic .

It shone brightly in Monica's eyes.

"Ha, ha, ha... uaaah!'"

The moon reflected in Monica's eyes, her pink tongue sticking out, her small chest heaving. Her limbs stiffened, and the madness began to penetrate her rational mind. She couldn't care less about the drool dripping from her tongue. Her heart beats fast and her blood surges. Pulsating with excitement, her body appears as though it is already running out of control.

Her limbs,

her entire body,

filled with power,

crackling with energy.

With this, lions and bears are no more than an eyesore. Even a tyrant grizzly would only need a single blow to handle it. She will reap all that stands in her way.

what way--?

"Ah, ah, ah, Des, Des, Des-sama..."

The name of her beloved male flooded out from her mouth. What am I doing in a place like this? Why do I have to be lonely and comfort myself alone? I want to give my body, my mind, my heart, everything to him, to have him dominate me.

There is prosperity ahead. (To Philotimo)

Go beyond. (Plus ultra)

"I-I have to..."

--To Des-sama's side.

The girl's limbs began to tremble as if from a fever.

Baaaaang!!!

The window was blown apart and she soar her naked body into the sky. The moonlight shone down on her with a bluish-white glow. She was like a rabbit leaping to the moon.

--No, she is not a rabbit.

Her flesh throbbed with each pulse. A thick coat of fur covered her body.

"What was that?"

As expected of a village of the strong warrior. At the sound of the breaking window, they immediately woke up and seemed to prepare for combat. But they didn't even have the time to act surprised.

--I have to get to him right now...

She kicked the earth with her four limbs.

--She rushes forward.

Becoming a furiously blowing wind, she ran through the village under the bright moonlight at full speed without looking back.

Her destination, of course, her beloved.

On all four with her lovesickness, the beast maiden ran along the unpaved road with her young body.

The Lord, who is currently indulging in the body of his mistress, has no way of knowing this.

-- Ah, he let out a groan and flinched slightly.

But facing a non-life-threatening event, the convenient "chicken sense" does not do its job properly, he has no idea what is about to happen as Monica gives her all to get to him.

In the form of a beast --

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This happened in the middle of the night. Around the time Desmond was making love to his mistress.

Randolph, the grandfather figure in Desmond's life who never performs his chores (butler) properly, woke up. He was wearing a nightcap that looked like Santa's hat.

"Something is happening."

He abruptly sat up in bed. Randolph's voice was deep and serious, like aged scotch. His bushy gray eyebrows and mustache made him look like a friendly old man.

【Change Outfit】

In an instant, he switched to his usual tailcoat-style butler's uniform. If he was a beautiful girl, this would be some sort of service scene involving some cloth disappearing. Instead of that, he has a body of steel underneath, a body of a naked old man is not a service. --But not really? There are some kinds of people who like those too.

He opened the window.

"Hmmm....." and with a single hum.

He leaps soundlessly into the dark night.

--【Gray Hound】.

This was his unique magic that single-handedly handled the counterintelligence tasks in Aldora. He creates the dog manifestations with his magic. These dogs could sense foreign entities and would bare their fangs, even while he slept. The constant deployment of this magic alerted him to the intrusion of a certain foreign entity.

A beast, or a monster? Grandpa looked thoughtful and excited.

Several of the hounds had already been killed. However, he had not given permission to kill this time. Because he had a peculiar intuition.

--I shouldn't kill it off.

If someone asked Randolph why he felt this way, he would not be able to give a specific reason. He would say that it was just a hunch. But Randolph, also known as 《Gray Hound》 is a man who has fought countless battles. His instincts, which are backed by his accumulated experience, have saved his life many times and brought death to his opponents. He trusts his instincts. Normally he would have killed the opponent without hesitation, but this time, he held back.

--Well, now, what kind of person is this, I wonder. Hohoho - interesting. Randolph thought to himself,

It is midnight, a full moon night when its power is at its strongest. Monsters gain strength from the energy of the moon. An old man walks around on such a night, searching for an interesting encounter.

Knowing who the opponent is. Able to rush excitedly with an aged body of steel, and also able to hold back the opponent at the same time. It was due to his 【Gray Hound】 that make such tasks possible -.

It's not merely a normal skill or technique. More like his saga.

"--Oh"

In the ears of that excited old man of steel, he heard.

"GRURURURURURUu....."

".....Ms. Monica?"

Why did he know that? Why could he be sure just from the beast's roar that it was her? In fact, he had heard that Monica was able to use "beast transformation" because of Desmond. But that was supposed to be just that she was able to grow dog ears and tail.

It's all because he was "The one that transcendent the wall"

--- One should not doubt that.

Because once you cross the "wall", you are standing on a different ground from ordinary people.

*slash*

The sound of cutting and slicing echoed in the moonlit night, the sound of crushing meat and bones. The gray dogs that jumped to attack were overwhelmed by the violent force.

Even so, "she" could not move forward because the dogs that surrounded her were used and discarded as a decoy by their commander, and the pack was precisely coordinated to keep her at bay and push her back with no gap to escape through. Like she was a star in 【Dog circus】.

On the road between the Moiré village and the hill just before entering Aldora village....*cough* Aldora Town where the lord's mansion is located. The moon was blessing the scourge with interest from its throne in the sky.

The moonlit mountain filled with the stench of blood. Gruesome remains of【Gray Hound】 of various sizes lying scattered about. However, these dogs are nothing more than a manifestation of Randolph's magic. If they had been defeated, they would have naturally disappeared. The reason why they have not disappeared and have become the site of a gruesome banquet is that it is more useful in this situation.

The moonlight shines on their bones, and the stench of their blood stifles the air.

The feast of carnage alone is enough to terrify the onlooker, and at the same time, it would exhilarate the participants, robbing them of their rational minds. The one that causes it may be a force to be reckoned with. However, the lack of appropriate judgment is unquestionably an opportunity to be exploited.

The dark, mystical feast beneath the radiant full moon.

Surrounded by Randolph's 【Gray Hound】 was a dog. No, she is a monster in the shape of a dog. Under her flaxen fur, she has muscular flesh that...

*creak!*

ready to spring into action at any moment.

The flaxen fur glistened in the moonlight, the fierce claws sharpened on five fingers, standing on two legs and glaring at the surrounding hounds. Even in its beastly form, its height is no more than that of a grown man, as it originally was a petite 15-year-old girl.

The physical strength buried in its body was as fierce as it appeared. and the flaxen-colored bipedal monster was directing her auburn eyes at Randolph.

Her vertical pupils narrowed.

--The eyes of a beast.

"Oh my, what a monster."

The sight of his adorable apprentice (it's no surprise she's adorable to Grandpa's eye) makes him squint with delight.

That is, of course, a compliment. --

"GRUUUU..."

A low, resonating growl emitted from the depths of the beast's throat. But grandpa's expression remained nonchalant. The other party would be terrified if it was not a monster that had lost its reason. A normal person would feel as if they were being stabbed by countless steel needles. But now, she was protected by her fur.

"GAAAAAA! Des-sama!"

Calling out the name of her beloved mate, the monster leaped. The bright moonlight scattered on its fur.

"Then, shall I just put you in the young master's bedroom?"

--*tremble*!

It is uncertain whether her beloved mate felt a chill.

"Ho ho, no no, this night that might bring a new 'D-Children', so...I can't let him be sidetracked by a trivial matter like this."

--No, it's not! <D-Children> is not something like that!

One can almost hear Desmond's indignant voice from somewhere far away.

"But - then, Ms. Monica is now a precious mother that carries the <D-children>."

---As I said. <D-Children> is not....! Desmond would have said, but since he's not here, it's best just leave it at that.

"I can't be too rough with you now can I?....."

Grandpa looks a little disappointed.

The flesh of the canine humanoid creature creaked and twitched.

The Hounds that leaped at her were smashed one after another, and she seemed to handle them with ease.

With a fierce expression, he said.

"All right, then, let me give you some practice so that won't get rusty."

Grandpa Randolph Steiner, the Gray Hound gets his magical power ready. --He raised his right arm and held up his palm.

"Bite"

Suddenly, a medium-sized gray dog that leaped to Monica's left side exploded. Like mud, Its head swelled and Monica's arm was easily engulfed by its size.

The moonlight shines on a giant dog's head.

"GRUOOO!!!!"

The monster was surprised and swung its claws at the dog's head that attempting to bite her left arm. It can do this without its body because 【Gray Hound】 was just a magical being created by the caster. Revealing the remains is just a bluff all along.

All Randolph does is sweep his right hand from left to right.

Only one swing.

That alone makes it known that he was the one that commands it.

"GUU!"

Two dogs attacked from Monica's right, while the one on the left swallowed her left arm up to the elbow. The eyes of the dogs which showed neither the violence nor the excitement of the hunt was rather frightening.

However, whether or not it reached her, who was dazzled by the madness is not clear.

"--Ho!"

Instead, it was Grandpa that feel thrilled.

With a roar of a monster. Monica's flesh swelled.

Swings from left to right. Was that a payback?

With her left arm still bitten, she intercepted the dogs on the right.

Dog's carcass exploded and turned into gray tar. He activated【Restrain】on the dog that was still biting her left arm which had now swallowed her arm up to her elbow. But she use it to destroy the wave that followed instead.

"Hm, so you used against me?"

While Randolph certainly can bite Monica's arm off. But In order not to hurt her, he merely 【Restrain】 her. The thing is not a real dog but a magical creation of Randolph's. Although the shape may be a fang he can easily modify it to not hurt her. It cannot physically puncture flesh, but it can be used as a good blunt weapon.

Monica glared at Rudolph with her piercing eyes that tinge with the moon's power. A growl of a beast came from the depths of her throat.

A bitter chuckle leaks from the old man's throat.

*Thump!*

Monica jumped. Breaking through the dog's encirclement all at once and trying to slice through him. Using the giant dog head he gave her as a shield, she kicked away the dogs trying to hold her back.

*thud*.

Gray splinters scattered. She collided with a dog as big as a cow.

"Ho-ho. It's nice to see your apprentice grow."

"GRUUU..."

The giant gray dog pressed Monica back with its forehead, and both of their feet sank into the earth. Monica used her left arm, which was still bitten by the enormous dog, to push it. It was no longer shaped like a dog head, but rather a gray glob, like a cocoon.

"Indeed, Ms. Monica has grown." The old man hummed as if he was lying. Then, nonchalantly, he swung his right hand as if it were a conductor's baton.

The gray dogs transformed into spheres and floated up into the air as if mocking the moon. The clear moonlight shone on the gray spheres, making it look like a scene from a dream.

"But unfortunately, that's only physical strength. Being able to push me back is something to be praised for - However, you're nothing more than a beast that has lost its reason right now."

the old man said with a dismissive tone.

"There's nothing wrong with crushing your opponent with overwhelming "strength" ――But."

He said in a tone that seemed to be scolding her. When he swung his arm, the gray spheres that floated up stopped still in the air. Even though they had become spheres, they still seemed like loyal dogs to their master.

"You lack power. You are not enough to fight me with just physical abilities alone. Even without using 【Gray Hound】, I don't think I can be defeated by your level."

This old man, how much of a monster is he?

That's why he is a 【Transcend】

"--Now then. Isn't it time for the child to go to bed? Even if you are carrying young master's child, you are still a child yourself. Besides, in order for you to give birth to a healthy child, you should get a good night's sleep."

Saying this, he swung his right hand--

The gray sphere that had been stationary in midair descends.

They land on Monica and cling to her as a gray mass of mud.

"GU, A, A, GUU....."

She struggles. The more she struggles, the more the gray mass of mud entangles her, covers her, and 【Restraint】 her.

"GUu, Aaa....."

"Tonight is the full moon, sleep in peace. Tomorrow when you wake up, I'll have you meet Desmond-sama."

"Des, sama....."

Finally, she fell silent as she was swallowed by the gray mud. The moonlight shine on the gray mass and fell to the ground with a tinge of regret.

Then."

Hm."

Rudolph raised his gray eyebrows. He then began to unravel the gray mud.

"Fuuu, Fuuu..."

There was a young, sun-tanned cute girl, breathing peacefully in her sleep. Only her face was visible as the rest of her body was still buried in the gray mud.

"Good. It seems that the "beast trabsformation" has been lifted. I can simply carry her like this..."

"Please wait, Randolph-sama."

When he turned to the person who had spoken to him, he saw Katherine. She was standing there in her maid's uniform, sporting tied-up red hair, and thin brown eyes. The white brim on her head was all shining in the moonlight.

"【Storage】."

She pulled out a blanket.

"She is already a young lady. It would not be proper to carry her naked."

"Hoho, you're right."

Randolph was grateful and not surprised at all that she showed up, as he was well aware of her.

The monster of an old man had sensed her presence. In the middle of the night, Katherine noticed that Rudolph was engaged in battle here and that she had just made it in time to intervene and save Monica. It seems that Katherine has finally lived up to the reputation of being a top-notch maid.

She had been granted access to some of Rudolph's counterintelligence network, as she had wanted to be of service to her lord, and that's why she had trained under Randolph.

She couldn't be called a useless maid anymore. Or rather, she never was in the first place.

"Let me carry her."

"Hm, I'll leave it to you then."

"Please."

Katherine covered Monica with a blanket, and the gray mass of mud melted away. She cradles Monica in a princess's carry, her movements fluid. Her appearance in her maid outfit and with her elegant beauty was now like a knight protecting a young girl. Her experience of role-playing the prince in her childhood with Charlotte was not for nothing.

However, Grandpa Randolph had a few words to say when he saw her like that.

Those gray eyes of his are pleasant like a good-natured old man.

"You may do better than Monica right now, but you should take care of yourself too, Katherine. After all, you also carry Desmond-sama's child in your womb."

"--Yes."

With Monica in her arms, Katherine bowed her head lightly. The white brim reflected the moonlight and her cheeks were faintly red under the pale light.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Haaaan~, annn......"

A woman's lovely voice echoes, a sound that shouldn't be echoed in my office.

The same goes for the sounds of hips slapping.

Me, Desmond. The lord of Aldora, a paperwork signer, and a sperm donor. And right now, I'm humping my wife Charlotte from behind!

I let her lay her hands on the fine desk, and with the hem of her dress rolled up, I pull down her panties, exposing her lower body, and viciously pound my hips into her. Charlotte also shakes her ass willingly, clamping on me and pleasuring me to no end.

--Aha, I'm so happy...

"Ahhhh, haaaaaaaan, there, there, Dejmondshaammaaa!"

The overflowing lewd nectar creates a puddle on the floor.

...................

After all, I can't do anything (talking like an annoying brat). My job consists primarily of signing documents and occasionally donating my seed to people who wish to use their first-night privileges. Aside from that, I basically roam around the territory, inspecting, picking fruits....verifying the quality of the product in the territory, and occasionally putting together a list of ideas and then "I'd want to try this..." get nervous while submitting it to Liz.

--And why is that? I'm the boss, right?

Furthermore, the draft I got in return is a few steps more sophisticated than the one I submitted.

"Is it okay to go through with this plan?"

"Oh, you may proceed with it." - Wow, I can't believe this is how my idea turned out...

"OK"

Then signed.

...................

Having an overqualified subordinate can be a challenge. Compared to that, serving my wife like this is significantly more meaningful! Or maybe not, even though it has been relevant up to recently, what I have been aiming for is for Charlotte to finally look at me and for us to be able to love each other completely.

"Ah, ah, fuuuuu....Deshmondoshamaa....can you rub my breasts...? ♡ Ahh, hmm... my Boobs, nipples, and pussy....feels good... Ah, ahhhhh! "

---and now that I got what I wanted. I can make love with Charlotte to my heart's content. Of course, I'm still serious about managing my territory. Otherwise, I can't maintain this life with her.

Of course, everyone is important too.

Katherine, Sophie, Emily, Maia, Liz, Old man, Monica, everyone in Moiré Village, everyone in Aldora... They are all important people that I must protect.

To be honest, other than clearing the territory, I don't remember doing anything significant - well, I am apparently well-liked, so I guess that's good enough.

I am greedy apparently. I don't want to lose what is mine and I want everyone to be happy. I might be too dependent on my wife, Charlotte, but she is surprisingly (?) decisive ..... or cunning... *shudder*!

She seems to be always one step ahead, picking up on my mistakes. I can't quite put my finger on what she's doing, but I can feel her emotions flowing into me from her heart.

――unlike her, I don't know what she's thinking.

But really, she is too good of a wife for me.

"Hah, uuuhhhh....dejmondshaamaa... actually...I'm almost falling apart. When you are smashing me deep inside while pouring such thoughts into me so much, I....oooh, ahhh..."

"That's a problem then. I have to make sure I hold Charlotte tighter so she doesn't fall apart."

I plunge my meat down to the base, pressing my pelvis against her bottom and reaping the bountiful bounty. The sound of Charlotte's intoxicating cries.

――Gufufu.

But I don't have the luxury to laugh for long.

"Ouuuuuu...... It squeezing, Charlotte's pussy is so soft......"

I mean, it's almost as if she's milking the sperm out of me? Despite the fact that she is already pregnant.

"Haaan....You like it here, don't you? you like my pussy. Desmond-sama's exclusive pussy..."

Then.

"Ohhhhh..."

What on earth kind of movement is this? What a great technique... It accurately hit my weak spot like she was hitting the accelerator pedal. Wriggling and crawling. The lord's joy stick is shaken by her in the torrent of her flirtatious flesh. Charlotte's edging is perfect, she teases me but never actually lets me finish.

Kuu! My beloved wife is truly the best, driving me at full speed without any brakes!

Though I may have the initials "D", I don't think I can beat her driving technique. No, it was me who fine-tuned this sex machine! This woman can ride as well as getting ride.

Although I would love for her to keep improving and even overtake me but...

"I won't lose!"

"Aaaaahhhh!"

Just like she knows where to attack me, I also know Charlotte's weak spots. In fact, I know them all. I grab her nipples and ram my gear to the max, hitting the P-spot while fucking her hard. Even if she's still wearing a bra, my fingertips know precisely where her nipples are. I gently but daringly stroke Charlotte-nipples chan's on top of her clothing.

"Huh, ahhh, nnnhhhhhhh....noooo....my body, Dejmondsama already know my body thought and thought!♡"

Her platinum-blonde hair frizzes about, emitting the feminine scent that entices the male.

"Kuku, thanks for the compliment." I press my hips against her and press my nose against her neck. I inhale as hard as I can. The slightly sweaty sweet scent makes a beast in me want to act up.

"Oh, ah....that's right, oh....more, more, oh..."

"Fufu, sure." I rubbed her nipples.

"Fuuuu...you...you kneaded it with bra on, haaaa, hiii...khiss, I want kiss hmmm...chuu...chuu"

Our tongues entwine, and we seek each other out without caring about our drool. We lick and lick, swallow each other saliva.

"Oh....Desmond-sama has swelled up inside my vagina... You are ready..."

"Oh, Charlotte notice it?"

"Of course I do."

""Fufu.""

We look at each other with a smile. She let out a cute "kya" after I held her left leg up, and I made a bigger stroke. The lascivious wet sound filled the room and spread the evidence of our lovemaking on the floor. While we are still connected, I turn Charlotte around and push her down on her back on the office desk. Quickly unbuttoning her dress, I pull down her bra and expose her voluptuous body.

"Ahhh, ah, anh!"

I squeeze my exclusive slut's tits to my heart's content. They are so big, yet they are perfectly shaped like wonders anytime I take them. From the sensitive nipple to the plump, blossom of lust.

I squeezed it with my finger.

"Ohhhhhhhh....my tits...are so hot. I missed it so much..."

"Me too. I miss these big breasts too... Oh, of course, Sophie's small tits are good too..."

"That's not something you should say to me now."

She looks at me with a warm gaze, so I try to brush it off

"chuu"

"Nahhh! Ahh, ahhh! If you suck it that hard! It won't have anything left! I'll have nothing left for our baby drink! ahhh, dejmondshaamaa!"

"*kiss* *smooch* *slurp*! I know, but these breasts are not for the baby, they are mine. *smooch*..."

"Ahi, Fuhyaaaaan... Papa is already in making trouble ...Haaah... I can't produce breast milk yet, but after I start producing, I'll give you lots of it... Haaaaaa! Ah, stop, no, if you continue I.....haaaah ♡♡! ! "

However, even if she says that she's a mother at heart. Charlotte wraps her arms around my neck to bury me deeper in her breasts, allowing me to see her beautiful sculpted navel, and wraps her legs that stretch out from her rolled-up skirt around my waist. Moreover, her hips moves up and down dexterously, as if she wanted to milk my cum out as soon as possible.

――Kuh! I'm going to....in Charlotte's vagina.

I pressed my hips against her, and with a gasp, Charlotte wrapped her legs around my waist tightly and firmly hugged me. She raised her hips so that I can penetrate deeper into her, sucks my lips, twirls her tongue and she holds me to get me in her favorite position 【Perfect leg lock】 (Daisuki hold). Once she does this, the flawless meat cannon never leaves her until her womb is completely painted white.

This is Charlotte's strongest lewd technique.

I definitely don't want anyone else to copy it. --It's too terrifying.

Huffing and puffing, our noses brush against one other, pressing our sweaty cheeks together, our tongues entwined and swallowing each other's saliva. Then came the injection, a pulsating stream of white medicine pouring into Charlotte-chan.

--Ah, oh, it feels so good...

Needless to say, all the other girls feel good too and of course, nice breasts are nice breasts, whether they are big or small. Still, ejaculating while clinging to Charlotte gave me a tremendous sense of euphoria beyond the sense of pleasure.

I want to keep doing this all the time. I want to stay connected like this...

"――Fufu, me too....want to stay like this with Desmond-sama, always..."

Because our lips are pressed tightly together, we converse with our minds. I pour my semen into her, and she pours out her thoughts directly into my heart. There's no way I'm going to stop ejaculating if she does that to me. I keep pouring into her womb to fill it up.

"Sophie steal Desmond-sama from me last night and this morning."

"I'm sorry..."

"It's all right. I told her to do it, Besides, right now, I'm receiving so much love from you like this...It's so intense... I can't get enough of it, Desmond-sama..."

I'm happy about this, but I'm also feeling some sense of chill... well...if Charlotte is happy, I'll just keep pouring my sperm into her. With【Physical Enhancement (sex) 】 and unlimited magical power from Charlotte's body, more seed is fed into Charlotte's womb.

"I want you to fill me up as compensation, for last night, for this morning, and for tonight."

...................

--Tonight?

"Yes. I apologize, I have some pressing matters to attend to tonight. -- fufu, I think it would be unwise to say about the detail, I am not sure if you are ready for it yet."

...................

What, what is Charlotte talking about?

―― I don't know, but since it's her...

"Don't worry, I won't make things worse for you."

--Um, I believe in Charlotte. So whatever happens...

"Ah, ah!"

Despite being held in a 【Perfect Leglock】, I continue to slide my hips and ejaculate while mingling with the lustful flesh. Charlotte's clinging power is also loving and longing.

"I love you, Charlotte."

"I love you too, Desmond-sama..."

We continue to mingle on my office desk, devoid of today's paperwork.

Oh, I haven't finished my work for this morning yet!

Once I finish having sex with this madam, I'll have to sign them as fast as I can.

But for now, I'll just have to keep pouring in a good, hearty dose into her.

Uuuufmm......

Her moans that travel directly into my mouth are driving me wild.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

-Master is a sinful man.

Katherine thought.

――There's no way someone can endure if subjected to his technique.

She wears a black blouse and skirt with a white apron, and her white brim shines brilliantly like a maid's honor on her combed-up red hair. Her cold beauty, her brown eyes narrow. The eyes of Katherine sitting in the chair next to her were still directed toward Monica who was still sleeping in the bed.

Approaching noon, the sun streams in and illuminates the pretty, tanned girl. Monica, who still retained her youthfulness, was being watched by Katherine's somewhat amused yet kind gaze.

Last night, Monica was enchanted by the moon and "transformed" into a beast, ran out of the village of Moiré with her seething passion, and arrived at Aldora, where her beloved Des was staying. When she arrived at the destination, she was unfortunately intercepted by the "strongest" grandfather - one could even say that she was completely crushed by him. However, there was no way he was going to hurt her, the mother of the precious <D Children>. So, she was put to sleep instead.

--The Old Man is truly a Monster...Although.....to impregnate a fifteen-year-old girl, leave her in a village, causing her to run here on her own- Desmond must have been the worst, most evil, wicked of all.

Even Katherine, the first-rate maid who stood tall and watched over Monica was a victim as well. She, too, was thoroughly ruined by the wicked Desmond, who gave her the hateful nickname a useless, oral-enthusiast, anal-loving, masochist maid.

"To be left alone after all that has been done to you. It's like torture."

Is she a spoiled maid, Or a fallen maid?

"Nngh, nn....."

Monica's squinty eyes twitched and then opened. Her short flaxen hair shook. Her eyes are a deep red. Still cute as usual. Desmond, who had impregnated this fifteen-year-old girl by ravishing her thoroughly and driving her insane, is wicked through and through.

"Eh... ah?" Monica was taken aback by the strange ceiling.

"You're awake."

With those words, she turns her head and saw the first-class maid, with a composed posture sitting on a chair.

"Katherine-san......? Oh, I'm....."

"Yes, This is Desmond-sama's mansion."

"Eh?" Monica's eyes widened in surprise, and her mouth opened in shock at the first-class maid's words.

"Don't you remember?"

"Um, well... " Monica hesitated, looking confused.

"... well?"

---I remember, I was cuddling with Desmond-sama in the bed and looking at the moon... But I don't remember the details.

After that, I instinctively ran across the land, cutting through the wind, and then, and then...

I face teacher Rondolph and...

"....."

"Randolph-sama saved you as well as protected this territory."

"..... I'm sorry"

She doesn't understand what is going on, but she knows for sure that she fought with her teacher.

If her teacher stopped her and this is Desmond-sama's mansion, then he must be here as well. She must apologize later - Even if he will not forgive her - But her teacher seemed very very pleased at that time.

Yes, he was pleased.

That's what Monica thought,

"No, there is no need for you to apologize, Monica-san. The only guilty person here is Master"

"――――――"

To think such remarks come from his maid.

"It is the Master's fault for leaving Monica alone after she has been subjected to his sexual technique. Moreover, it was done all night long too."

"――――ah."

She knows. Monica's innocent face turns so red that it even overwhelms her tan skin. She pulls the covers up to her nose with only her wet eyes peeking out. --She is so cute. If the wicked lord were here, he would be tempted to drop a kiss on her forehead.

"If I were taught to be loved by the Master and treated like that, I wouldn't have been able to bear it."

Looking at Katherine's face when she said that, Monica wondered. There is no way that this maid can't "sense" that presence.

"Yes...... I, too, was fucked by master and have his child in this womb."

"――――"

Monica, fifteen years old, gasps at the graphic choice of words. Of course, it was on purpose. What a bad maid. But if only looking at her appearance and her atmosphere, this maid with a cold beauty is worthy of being called first-class.

-- To have such a happy-looking smile on her face.

So beautiful.

I think. I think that Des-sama is awesome for making her smile like that. But...

--Compare to me, I'm such a crass person, I can't even be near Des-sama, can I?.....

That's what she thinks.

.....

"Monica-san"

Monica's back involuntarily straightened as she was called by the first-class maid. She was still lying on the bed, however.

"Monica-san, are you interested in working at this mansion?"

"----Eh?"

She feels overwhelmed and her eyes well up with tears.

"Do you dislike it?"

"N-No!" she says, flustered. "It's actually the opposite, I couldn't ask for more. To be able to stay in this mansion and be near Desmond-sama - No, that's not it. Even if Desmond-sama isn't here, as long as I can work for him - But, but if I can stay in this mansion when Desmond-sama is present then..... That's not right, I'm clumsy and not good enough for this mansion, I'm not suitable..."

She speaks while panicking and getting sad, and she sighs deeply and shuffles under the covers.

Currently, Monica doesn't have dog ears or a tail, but even if she had them, they would have drooped down.

――Fufu

Katherine smiled. And that smile would garner a lot more reaction if Desmond was here.

--Painter! Call the painter! And get me the finest frames! Why don't they have cameras in this world! Oh, that's it! I'll make a new magic tool! A magic tool for capturing pictures, call the magic craftsman, now!"

It would have been like a madman's outburst.

"It's all right as long as you do your best." said Katherine, "Would you like to follow me and become an apprentice maid? You can stay with Master - and you can even embrace him."

"u...uuuum....."

Monica's tanned face turns bright red. There is no better option than to accept this proposal.

".....Yes, please. I would love to. --Please let me work here."

"Understood. I will inform the Madam then."

With those words, Monica exclaim.

――"Ah"

That's bad. Even though Katherine is nice, there's no way his wife would allow it. She thinks that it's impossible, and wonders why she feels such excitement.

"You are hired."

Lady Charlotte appeared. and with those words, Monica's employment was decided. It didn't matter if Desmond had given his approval or not, it was already decided that he will approve.

"Madam."

"U-ehh!?"

――Madam? ＯＫＵＳＡＭＡ Lady,Madam is here!?

Lord Desmond would have said that -- But now He is busy with work, signing away like a clerk. And of course, Monica would not say such a thing, she would not even think of it. However, a strange voice came out of her mouth.

"Uh, uh, *cough*, *cough*!"

She coughed to cover it up, but the shock of seeing The lord's wife exceeded anything she thought.

--Madam means Des-sama's wife, right? ...T-This beautiful person....?

That doesn't mean she doesn't believe such a beautiful person could belong to him. She thought how such a beautiful lady like her is such a wonderful person?

――No way, there's no chance for me...

Katherine-san told her a few moments ago.

"You can even embrace him."

But when she sees Lady Charlotte, she forgets about such things. After all, she is too beautiful. - No, precisely speaking, she is so cute. She must be younger than Desmond-sama, probably younger than Katherine-san too. She must be around the same age as herself.

And yet, she is so beautiful and lovely.....

That's what Monica thought, but if she knew that Lady Charlotte is twice her age, what would she think?

Charlotte is, after all, Twenty-nine years old.

When she thinks of her as a teen and considers her as slightly older than herself, Monica wondered how could she have such a voluptuous body at her age. Her bosom swelled to the point where you could almost hear the sound of its content when she moves, but also seems soft. Her age appropriate (in Monica's opinion) attractive and clean outfit fits her every curve, especially her butt. Furthermore, as soon as she appeared, the surroundings become more vibrant.

Despite all of this, her appearance is still best described as "cute."

――like a devil.

For Monica, she was truly a devil. She made Monica aware of the differences between the two and pushed her toward despair.

"You must be Monica"

"Y-yes!"

Being overwhelmed by her cuteness and being stared at by her big, emerald eyes, Monica felt like she couldn't breathe. Her emerald eyes sparkled like real emeralds. Her platinum blonde hair swayed gently and shined as if it were made of precious metal.

But above all,

――She-she smells so good...

As a member of a combat tribe, and being a wild girl herself, and someone who has awakened the "beast transformation" skill. Monica naturally has a good sense of smell. Her nose is overwhelmed by her sweet scent.

She felt dizzy.

the mistress's large and fleshy bosom pressed her shoulders.

――So nice.....and soft.....and heavy.....

With The lord's wife Charlotte staring at her up close, Monica's breath became hot and labored, like she was being suffocated. Even so, The lord's wife, Des-sama's wife, whom she loves so much, continued to stare at her.

*stare*

Monica's heart felt like it was about to explode

――*smile*

The lady smiled.

Then she slipped her soft fingers into the covers.

Despite feeling her fingers touch her side, Monica couldn't look away or move her stiffened body while still being stared at.

Monica was certainly surprised when this noble lady suddenly entered the room. She was amazed by her beauty and cuteness.

But that was not all.

--I feel like I shouldn't go against her....... I can't win......

Somehow, Monica's wild intuition also sensed the scent of Des-sama, her master on her. Dogs are animals that are aware of and can establish a hierarchy. Except for some hound.

Monica, as a member of the D-harem, knew instinctively that she must absolutely obey this alpha on the battlefield known as the bed.

And she's on the bed, Charlotte's main battlefield, her territory.

"Huuu....."

Charlotte's fingers rolled up the hem of her shirt. Then touched her bare belly. The lord's wife's closed mouth arch up. Ha, ha, breathing like a dog, Charlotte's slender finger gently stroked Monica's lower abdomen.

"There is another Desmond-sama child here, isn't there?"

--Hiiiiiiiii!

Desmond-sama would have screamed.

"---- yes."

Monica answered bravely. Then, she felt something warm flowing into her from The lord's wife's fingers that were stroking her lower abdomen.

It frightened her, but her instinct isn't.

"Monica, do you love Desmond-sama?"

"Yes." Monica answered firmly, as emerald eyes stared into hers, and as she did so, she softly stroked her lower abdomen.

"Fufu, you have good willpower. Then, let's proceed"

"Nnn..."

She felt the "power" flowing into her from Charlotte become stronger. A fevered voice leaked out. A hot, sensual heat crept into her womb.

"Ahh, ahhh...... hmmmmm....."

Hot.

she felt his child in her womb so much more.

"Nnghhhh......"

As her sun-tanned face flushes red, she rubs her thighs together and feels the fabric between her legs sticking to her.

"Fuuuu....."

Her womanhood is spilling honey.

She knows it.

At the same time, she also felt that she was being <blessed> and that her womb was turning into a sturdy yet resilient fortress.

The lord's wife giggles -- bewitchingly.

"Hiaaaaaahhhh.....!"

Her digit was dipping into her vagina. The wet and heated honey pot of a fifteen-year-old, by the fingers of a late-twenty woman.

*plop* *splish*

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh....."

Monica's wet eyes drooping. Her pretty lips half open, her expression becoming amorous. The lord's wife's wife's fingers stirred her own inside, scorching her and making her squirm.

*squish* *squish*

She rubbed her G-spot, stirred the folds, and in doing so, she felt something touching the back of her vagina. Those wet folds tighten the finger in a submissive way

"Fuu,fuuuii....."

Monica simply let her.

"<Bless> Monica is now free to have intense lovemaking with Desmond-sama. If you want to be loved, it is better to receive it with all your heart."

"Waaaaaaa ~~~~♡♡♡!!!"

Monica's body arched. She tightened her grip on The lord's wife's fingers as if she was trying to bite them, and then she squirted out copious amounts. She shuddered and trembled, drooled, and fell unconscious with a silly look on her face.

When she pulled her finger out with a slurp, Monica suddenly relaxed.

And then...

"Oh."

"Oh my."

Charlotte and Katherine stared at the girl's head, which was now adorned with a pair of dog ears.

――*Pyokon*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wow, they really are dog ears. Is this what they call 'moe'?"

Charlotte says, with the knowledge she stole from Desmond.

Monica and Katherine don't know what this means, but Monica is sitting on her bed, with Charlotte to her right and Katherine to her left. Monica was sandwiched between the two older sisters and was being pampered. Monica considered Charlotte to be a little older than her but still enjoyed being petted and having her dog ears and tail stroked.

"Fufufu, you're so cute."

Charlotte says while petting Monica's ears.

"Th-thank you...."

Monica's sun-tanned cheeks turned slightly red.

"You can feel things from these ears?"

Charlotte asks as she plays with Monica's ears.

"Do they feel unpleasant?"

"It feels a bit strange, but it's not...Fu~a!"

"Fufufu, that's a cute noise." Charlotte's fingers were now buried in Monica's ears.

Fluffy and ticklish, Charlotte explored Monica's ears.

"Hmm, there seems to be hair inside as well. hmm."

"Hyaaan!"

"Fufu, it looks like the ears really can feel."

".....so then."

"Fu~a, K-Katherine-san..."

Katherine changed the way she felt her tail. Instead of touching it, she squeezed it lightly. Then she tried gripping it in different places.

"Fuaa, haa...." While being played with by the two, Monica tightly clenched her fists on her lap. "Um, um...." her voice mixed with a seductive tinge of pleasure.

Fufu, and with a hint of a smile, Charlotte, late twenties fingers crawled on the slender shoulders of the fifteen-year-old girl. She slid her fingers over a swollen breast and poked. Then Charlotte's breasts, which were incomparable to Monica's, are squeezed against Monica's arms. The lord's wife pressed her fingers against Monica's breasts and dug her fingers into them.

The plump, fruit changes its shape.

"Charlotte, Charlotte-sama, you......" her dog's ears twitched.

"Fufu, If you don't like it, I will stop. But we were both embraced and impregnated by Desmond-sama. I'd want to strengthen our friendship. Well, I heard that there is a word called "pole sisters". We became sisters after being penetrated by the same penis."

Charlotte, that's enough. he would have said that.

Desmond-sama wouldn't be pleased if he were here. But he's busy working as a master signer.

-No?

-Yes, more, please.

He might say that instead. Or, rather, he likely will.

"So shameful..." Monica says, but her tail wagged happily.

"Then, does that make me and Charlotte-sama sisters as well?" Katherine said.

Katherine had a somewhat wanting look on her face.

A peculiar passion of a step-sister, however, Charlotte-chan wasn't aware of it since she doesn't know of this fact. It's not that it's being kept a secret, it's just that there was no need to tell Charlotte, who is noble, about Katherine, a commoner. Despite feeling a bit regretted, now Katherine reaping what she wanted. What a selfish maid――.

"That's right. I and Katherine are pole sisters, or I guess you could say D-sisters."

D-sisters. An idol group that should never have been. was created.

Unaware of this, Charlotte massaged her youngest sister's breasts with her skillful hands. "Nuu..." the youngest pole sister let out a troubled voice among her sisters.

"May I call you older sister (onee-sama) then?"

"Y-yes...... of course." the half-sister has no idea of her half-sister's passion.

And Katherine, with unbridled eagerness.

"Older sister."

"Yes, what is it, Katherine? Hmm, should I call you little sister? But that would make me sound like I'm really your big sister. Is that alright?"

She tilts her head but still continues to rub the youngest sister's tits. She is bra-less under her shirt. Finding the tip of the developing bump, she pushes it and begins to tease and abuse it with a very natural touch. Sisters harassment, or Sis-harassment for short.

While ignoring Monica's panting, Katherine chews her lips.

"Older sister."

"Yes, Katherine."

"Older sister."

"Yes."

"Older sister."

"Yes."

"Older sister."

"Yes, what is it Katherine?"

Although Monica is the one that actually has dog ears and a tail, now it seems like Katherine is wagging hers right now.

"No, nothing."

--yes, there are no other intentions, she means it.

"Hyah....." Monica's breath was ragged. It's only natural when Charlotte continues to torment her swollen nipples.

Her sunburned cheeks were red. Her eyes, which were droopy to begin with, now seemed to drop even more so. On top of her short flaxen hair, her dog ears twitched restlessly and her tail wagged. Her hips also squirmed. Still, she...

"I...if that's the case, c...can I call you, older Sister too?"

As if pleading, wanting to be spoiled.

"Yes, of course."

Charlotte smiled while suppressing her amusement.

Monica, while being swayed by the sensuality and losing her reason, thought that Charlotte was probably older than she was from the way Katherine was looking at her. Even Des looks much younger than the men of the same age in the village. Monica, who is a commoner and not a magic wielder, did not know that magic can nourish the body...so...

Well, noblemen are different...

That clears things up for the moment, and she's not wrong. However, Charlotte was the most unusual of them all.

"So, shall we deepen our friendship? Desmond-sama wants us to be friendly with each other - in many ways."

If it had been Desmond, he wouldn't be able to express it this well.

"Hah....."

Once Charlotte poked at the protrusion that pushed her shirt, Monica chirped in a cute voice. Then.

"Fu ~ya?"

"I'd like to get to know you better too."

Katherine's fingers reached out from her left and encircled her left breast as well. touching her nipple.

The fifteen-year-old's jerked as she was sandwiched between the two sisters.

The two grown-up women.

But there is no sense of repulsion. Charlotte and Katherine were used to it after their nighttime activities with Desmond, and Monica is also a member of the D-harem, the D-sisters. If being added to this group means going through a rite of passage, She rather welcome it ... No, not only that, she also began to think that she want to be pampered by these two beautiful older sisters, and to surrender herself to them.

"Ah, haaah!"

"*sniff sniff*, a smell of a female in heat." The lord's wife Charlotte sniffed Monica's neck.

"It's true that it's just beginning to bloom, but... *chu*"

"Ah....."

Katherine's lips sucked on her neck. They continued to rub and play with the attractive bumps, and Monica fell back onto the bed.

*plop!*

Her dog tail sprawled out.

"*Chuu, chuu*, you're so cute."

"Yes, older sister....*lick* *lick*..."

"Fuyaaaaah....."

Being fondled on her chest from both sides, having her neck licked and sucked by the incredibly beautiful and cute noble lady and the cool and elegant-looking maid. As if to promote the growth of immature fruits, The delicate fingers of the beautiful ladies gently and softly kneaded the plump fruit through her shirt.

And her nipples too.

"Hah, ahhhhh....."

Monica's innocent face flushed with sensuality, her cute, lustful voice spilled out, and her hips wiggled. Her tail puffed out. Being sandwiched between these beautiful ladies and being loved by them, she feels like she's being polished to become a woman worthy of Des-sama.

And above all, it feels good.

Although it would be best if Des-sama was the one who does it, but this feeling is different from doing it herself.

The feeling of bliss, sweetness, and pleasure. Moreover, the feeling of deviancy between women.....

A forbidden nutrient that must not be stuffed into the still immature fruit was being injected into her. The two seniors try to drag the girl down a naughty path. Charlotte and Katherine's fingers are simultaneously on the hem of Monica's shirt.

As expected of the pole-sis- *cough*, sisters from different mothers. With a beautiful collaboration, the tanned swollen fruits are uncovered, looking fresh and sweaty. The tip of it is already blushing.

"It's still not ripe, *Hamu*."

"―― *Hamu*"

"Hiiiiiiiinnn!"

older sisters are sucking on the tips on both sides. Monica's back arched. So the two catch Monica's waist with their arms crossed.

They suck the unripe aphrodisiac fruit and twirl their tongues.

"Hyaa, hee, waaa♡♡!!"

Monica's hips twisted and her limbs jerked, but the older sisters showed no mercy.

They licked and rolled her from both left and right, sucking her, and flicking and rolling her hardened tip with their tongues.

"Hah, ah, ah, aaaah!"

her hips jumped.

"Nnnnghhhh, nnnnghhhh....."

Charlotte covered her lips. Then she quickly invaded inside, and caught her tongue, and began to slurp and rub against it. Charlotte's tongue went rampaged in Monica's mouth. It assaults her, playing with her mouth, finding her weak spots.

She drinks her saliva and allows her to drink hers.

"Nnnhhhhh!!!!!!!!!" Monica's back lifts, tenses, and then relaxes.

"*plop*......hmmm, delicious."

With her big emerald eyes leering, she licked her lips, and if it were Desmond, he would have dropped to his knees without a second thought.

"Aaaah... older sister..."

A pink tongue protruded from Monica's pretty lips. Some drool oozed out in ecstasy. Her nipples on both sides peaked and erect, shiny with the saliva of her two older sisters. She rubbed her thighs together and stared at sister Charlotte with a flirtatious, hot gaze.

Her dog's ears twitched frantically.

Katherine runs her fingers down to the pants of her nightgown.

"Oh, there......" Monica's mind is filled with a rush of shame.

But the maid is unconcerned.

"You are already soaking wet. Besides, Monica will be living in this mansion from now on, and will be embraced by Master along with us. You'd better get used to it."

"Nnghhh....."

--Ashamed.

She was ashamed, but she couldn't resist--she couldn't even think of resisting, and her pants were taken off.

The shorts were sticky and show a wet patch on her lovely vertical strips.

"You may have your preferred lingerie made the next time the lingerie maker comes, Monica." Charlotte said, smiling, "and I can show you the kind of lingerie that will please Desmond-sama. Desmond-sama is a master of sexual art, and depending on the kind of underwear you wear, he may attack you by simply showing your underwear to him.

"A-attack....."

The lord's wife smiled. Even Monica realizes that the said word doesn't mean harm.

"You're expecting it, aren't you?"

"..... yes." her cheeks heat up.

Then Charlotte said, "Monica was ravished by Desmond-sama all night, wasn't she?"

"Y-yes....."

Or what the word 'ravished ' implies.

*puff*

She's so excited that steam almost comes out of her head.

"At that time, did Monica return the favor and make Desmond-sama feel good in return?"

"Wha-? Uh, well... Fuah!"

Monica's panties were peeled off by Katherine as she tried to remember that time. A sensation that makes her heart race.

"A...ahh."

Her most shameful place was exposed in its entirety. Her breathing and heartbeat were racing - Her body, already awakened to a bit in heat by the wicked lord, was lightly opened to reveal an innocent milky-pink slit. Underneath, there was a lovely flaxen dog tail that trembled in shame.

Fifteen years old, quivering in embarrassment.

But sister Katherine was relentless, lifting Monica's thighs and spreading her legs in an M-shape. She puts her fingers on the swollen mounds of flesh, rubs them softly, and put her fingers on either side.

*schup*

"Ahhhh......Katherine-san, ah..... you can't....."

"Such a beautiful color," she said, mercilessly, even to a trembling Monica. "I wonder if your clitoris is this swollen because you were thinking of your Des-sama?"

"Uuuuu....."

"Oh, my, She's dripping nectar."

The shame is making her feel like she's going to lose her mind. If this happen before Des-sama embraced her, She would not have felt such shame.

And then Lady Charlotte follows.

"I will teach you how to make Desmond-sama feel good."

"Eh.....? Hah!"

"*suck* *lick*" Monica looked up at Charlotte.

"Hee......no.......Katherine-san......ahhhh!"

"Don't hide it with your tail. Chuu, *lick*....."

"Hi! Huh, uuuu..."

The woman's tongue twines around her pubic area. Her tongue rolled around, peeling off the hood and licking the revealing swollen clitoris.

"Hii, nnnnggg!"

Her body jumped up and the lady started sinking her finger into her unripe fruits.

Slowly, gently, as if adoring the newbie.

"Hah, nnnnnn....."

With the current flowing through her fifteen-year-old body, Monica's vision turned white, but even so, even though she was not Des-sama, she was able to get the pleasure she was looking for, and she even rocked her hips in a flirtatious motion. She knows that she was spilling out her juices because they soaked around the base of her tail.

"Yes, I believe Monica made Desmond-sama feel pleased. However, you did not do enough and have little practice."

She says in a tone as if she has seen it all.

Of course, She has already searched Des-net.

She pinches her erect nipples. "So I will be teaching Monica a lot about how to please Desmond-sama, and what kind of underwear he likes. After all, we have been embraced by Desmond-sama more than Monica."

"Hic! older sister...... ahhh!"

Katherine's tongue dives into her vagina as her body jumps. The tongue rubs against the flesh of her vagina and slurped.

The lord's wife's fingers tease Monica."How he likes it. Would you want to know?"

"Ha, hahi, I'd love to, I want to know that.......nnnhhh, older sister!"

The honey that spurted and landed on Katherine's face.

The eldest sister smiled at her youngest sister and said, "Fufu, it's good. I'll teach you. We are going to make Desmond-sama feel good together."

The lord's wife's smile enchantingly.

--What would be Desmond's fate?

After all, Monica had learned by her own body that she was a mistress who should not be crossed.

The lord's wife said, "Well, then." and got off the bed and pulled up the hem of her dress.

Monica's eyes widen at the sight of her exquisitely embroidered aristocratic underwear. And It wasn't just because those are noble's underwear.

"Fufu, so you can tell." Charlotte smiles glamorously.

Those underwear are as white as snow and wet, and there are many lustful lines on her fleshy, plump thighs. But that was not all.

"Des-sama's, smell....."

"Yes, I just had a lot of love from him."

She smiled happily. The lord's wife Charlotte put her hand on her panty and began to take them off. Then, as if to show off.

"Ah......." she said, "I'm going to push my lower belly. See, if you do this, it's going to drip out like this."

"Ugh...... Mmmmm!"

Katherine's tongue was still flailing about in her vagina. But more than the shuddering sensuality, her eyes and nose were drawn to the white slush that spilled out from the crevices of Charlotte's platinum blonde shade.

"Desmond-sama is still at work. But we can make love again later...do you want it?"

Even Monika, who is of the same sex, was thrilled by her loveliness.

She nodded.

Katherine parted her lips silently.

In front of Monica's ogling eyes, Charlotte, twenty-nine, spread her legs in an M-shape on the bed. The hem of her dress was rolled up wide and her hips jutted out.

Her platinum blonde pubic hair. Milky pink flesh peeked out from the slit, overflowing with tantalizing nectar. The older sister's lips twitched. It even contains the male juices that Monica has been longing for.

"You may have it."

"Hahi......please, older sister....."

Like a butterfly lured by nectar - or in this case, a bitch literally lured by white butter. Monica gets down on all fours and starts to bury her face into Charlotte's crotch. Charlotte then tucks her head, along with her dog ears, inside her skirt.

"Hmm....nnn....you're too aggressive....haaah..."

From inside her skirt, came the sound of a dog licking and slurping milk.

A faint moan came from the mouth of the Madam.

Monica buried her face in her skirt and wiggled her pretty ass. Charlotte stroked Monica's head through her skirt. Her dog tail also wagged.

Then, Katherine buried her face again.

"Mmmm, mmmm!"

Still, Monica never stopped licking and slurping Charlotte sister.

First the front hole. And then the back hole. Sister Katherine licks and teases her, she twists her hips and shakes her lovely ass. Katherine licks and drills her youngest sister's crotch. The youngest sister slurps up the male juice from her eldest sister.

A roudo of splashing lewd water.

"Haaah, ahhh..."

Monica wiggles her tongue and wags her ass and tail in a pleasant and pleased voice. When Katherine licked her asshole, she shank it more and more.

――No one knows if Katherine is trying to increase the number of anal fanatic companions.

And will The lord's wife, with her white cheeks blushing, open another door and make Monica an oral lover?

――No one knows.

The Lord in his office doesn't know about the gruesome education scene for such a gifted girl.

If he finds out later...

--Why didn't you call me!

No, I mean...

――What did you do!? (It's nice that they get along well but...)

He must have shouted something like that.

And thus, their welcoming party continued throughout the morning in a three-way. Intimately deepening the D-sister friendship.

The three voices continue to moan loudly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's like a recreation of the legend.

"Aira group, pull back!" "Mort group, forward!"

"Fireeee! "

The sound of magic projectiles echoes through the air, but it seems to have no effect on the creature at all.

A Dragon.

A king of all monsters, a tyrant from ancient times.

In the rugged mountainous region where even vegetation does not grow, the dragon, with its body looming like a mountain, was being fought by a group of female knights. However, even though they were called knights, their appearance was much different from that of ordinary knights.

Wearing highcut Leotards, revealing their leg and tempting crevices. On top, they donned a haori-like jacket. Black was the most popular leotard color. Other colors were spotted here and there, with red and blue being the most common. Everyone had their delicate, toned legs on display, but their armor and weaponry were varied.

But--the dragon was...

The black scales that were illuminated by magic glittered. The sky was high and blue as if it had been plucked from a picture. The female knights attacking the dragon - putting their costumes aside, everyone here was beautiful. Even though they are using magic and engaging in such a dangerous act as slaying the dragon, there was an indescribable nobility feel about them.

When the dragon took a step forward, the earth shook. When its tail slammed down and directed its force toward the knights, everyone else would want to take a step back, but they didn't. They bravely faced the dragon's roar and stepped forward.

Then, the dragon,

-fu,

seemed to smile.

Various, colorful magic was being fired. If the fire didn't work, then water, if water didn't work, then wind, thunder, earth, ice- In between, there were also those who attacked with swords that were strengthened with 【Physical enhancement】 and 【Strengthening】. Despite the fact that the swords shattered ruthlessly, the courageous female knights jumped off, grabbed another sword, and leaped, not giving in to the dragon's scales.

Magic was fired, and swords were swung.

The monster king, like a true monarch, took everything in stride.

Nobody was able to wound the dragon, however. To be able to face such a huge dragon, a monster that seems to have no regard for mankind. They confronted with such power without fear or flinching...

that alone is bravery worthy of praise.

However, if they had just fought the dragon, they could have been easily chastised for their recklessness.

A woman with emerald green eyes narrowed her gaze as she watched the knights battle. The woman had dark skin. Her golden blonde hair was straight and fanned out down to her waist.

To put it into words, she was stunning. She was, however, no ordinary beauty. And the nobility that resided in her features was greater than that of most knights. However, what constitutes her "beauty" apart from her good looks, was...

"Haah, is that all?"

Her beauty emanates authority when she snarls.

Her canine is peeking out, and the corners of her lips are lifted.

"smile" is said to have originated from the expression of a predator when it has cornered its prey.

She crossed her arms and pushed her cleavage up. The blonde beauty was dressed in a white leotard. Her dark skin tone and white color contrast nicely, with the high-cut leotard displaying her toned brown legs and daring slit on her groin. Her big buttock meat appeared to engulf the cloth on the back entirely. She could even reveal her pubic mons if she isn't careful.

She also wore a jacket.

And, next to her, a Halberd was deeply embedded in the ground. The handle was thick enough to be held by her, but the height was tall enough to reach her height, which is considered tall for a woman. The massive axe on the head resembled a guillotine. A pointed tip was on the opposite side.

In response to her ambition, her jacket and her platinum blond hair float as if it were caught in the wind.

In her belligerent emerald eyes, there was a glow of lust for battle. The fatigued knights in her sight were drawing back, but they remained lined up on each side of her path toward the dragon, like her flower path. No matter how exhausted they were, the path of the leader of the "Knight Commander" must be made.

Literally, it was a path full of flowers.

Beautiful, leotard-clad female knights.

Kaka.

She laughed.

Ferociously.

Boisterously.

"Then, it's my turn."

She said happily.

The Knight Commander bared her ferocious teeth and grasped the great halberd. Taking the long weapon and its weight in stride.

"--I'm coming."

The ground exploded where she stood as she kicked herself forward, and dust flew everywhere. Holding it high, She swung her halberd with all her power.

The dragon roars.

The dragon mustered its strength and channeled it in its limbs - the dragon needed to protect itself this time. It receives the attack with its claws.

"Ha ha, hahahahahaha!"

"GoOOOOOOW!!!!"

----A storm.

The brown-skinned beauty becomes a storm of blades, blowing wildly. Each strike is equivalent to the dragon's attacks. The 'magic circuit' that resides within her body is fully activated, and her skin is increasingly turning darker. Her beautiful limbs have veins running through them like fissures in the earth, pulsing red hot like an active volcano. Her whole body is filled with magic power.

This is the forbidden magic of awakening.

" "Demon Roar" " --

""GRWAaaaaa!!""

A demon.

A demon and a dragon.

Her white sclera turned black, and her emerald pupils turned red.

The brown skin becomes darker, and red veins pulse on her skin.

The dragon's black scales also glowed with magic power.

The dragon is the king of monsters, the king of magical beasts. Its flesh is flesh-like, but it is just a manifestation of magic. In other words, it is a creature created by magic.

The dragon transforms into magic.

Exploded. roared. raged.

"Ha, ha, hahahahahaha!"

The woman known as the 《Platinum Breaker》 or 《Platinum Demon》 is ecstatic, with a fierce expression, wreaking havoc. Despite being human, she transforms into a "demon" and fights on par with "dragon."

The dragon might be surprised.

--If it were the first time.

"This is so fun, Schwarz."

"GWOOOOOO!"

The dragon roars in response.

Ordinary eyes cannot track the strength and speed of a demon fighting dragons. One person and one beast, or two beasts. The earth cannot withstand the furious battle between the two that is beyond the realm of humans as it rumbles, leaving large cracks.

A reenactment of a legend.

The female knights watched with twinkles in their eyes. They stood upright like real knights, but their eyes couldn't help but shine. Even though they are strong and have been in this kind of situation, they were noble and beautiful ladies and young girls. Their origins varied, but many of them were the children of noble families. In a society where women were only seen as tools for politics and childbirth, they left their houses and followed the Knight Commander as disobedient daughters or ladies, breaking the rules of the noble society and following her.

However, judging by the gleam in their eyes, they're all quite a muscle brain.

The Order of the <Platinum Knight>, also known as the <Platinum Demon's Mercenary> by those who don't familiar with them.

Originally, they would have been married off to other noble houses as a tool to strengthen the ties between houses, but they leave their status as noble ladies and wear revealing and outrageous clothing, brandishing swords, axes, hammers, fists, and other weapons, as well as spells.

In Desmond's previous life, That may be an old thing now. But

A liberation of dominance. A coup against the system.

--Breaking the rules.

Their families are at a loss for their daughter's actions, and even more so because of their many achievements. And the Knight Commander's father's stress and stomach pains are immeasurable, as his daughter leads them and causes young ladies from other areas to fall in love and flee their homes.

Because, the Knight Commander is Charlotte's older sister.

Papa is too old for this.

---But that's not the point now.

The leader of the ladies, *cough*, the Knight Commander dressed inappropriately. And she even makes the other young girls of noble houses do the same.

No wonder her father unintentionally sired the maid that comforted him. After all, the older sister is like this, the younger sister is like that, and the mother is also. --What's so funny! It's no laughing matter.

The area was filled with sounds of the clashing of the dragon and demon, as well as the deafening metal clang.

They both fly away with each other's full-powered attack.

They're both in bad shape, but they both have satisfied smiles.

"Hahahahaha, that's a draw then, Schwartz. - let's drink!"

Then she smiles. Her beautiful features make her appear to be only in her mid-twenties.

Teresa Terrace, thirty-eight years old, a delinquent in her late thirties. She was the elder sister of Charlotte.

◇

It was like a feast of demons.

On a mountain where not a single blade of grass or tree grew, a group of women was throwing a party by a bonfire. If their families saw them, they would be horrified and foaming at the mouth.

They sat on the ground in their high-cut leotard, some sitting like ladies, some sat on their haunches, others crossing their legs, they laughed and drank and ate. Although it was still early summer, the bare mountainsides make the nights chilly and the ground cold. But because they belong to this group, they are either magic users or life energy holders. They don't care about this level of coldness. They were all beautiful but they acted like bandits or brigands, or rather, a party of female demons.

--How shameless.

However, the wine and food they drank and ate were actually high-quality. They were stored using 【storage】 magic, and They also can cook.

They had been trained to be gifted as political tools. In order to marry off their daughters as fast as possible and to add to their prestige, the daughters of the nobility were forced to study auxiliary magic, life magic, cooking, cleaning, manners, etc..in the house.

The manners that have been ingrained in them are subtly fragrant. If their families saw them, they would be horri...(omitted)

"Let's drink! Let's drink! Ha ha ha ha ha, what! you are already puking! "

One lady stood up and chugged her wine, but ended up spitting it out. The wine was a vintage one stolen from her home when she ran away...

Anyway, first thing first.

Alcohol harassment is definitely not recommended.

"That's a penalty, strip!"

"Understood!"

Throwing off her cloak, she strips off her black leotard. Her skin is white, perfect, and unmarred like that of a noble lady. Even though she belongs to a ladies group - *cough*, mercenary... *cough*, knights, her beauty is not tarnished in the slightest by the work of magic.

Sparingly exposing them to the night air, the light of the fire that rises into the starry sky licks her skin. Her lovely tits swayed.

"All right, let's take off our clothes too," said the next lady.

Another joins in, gripping a wine bottle, their shoulders hunched, and they begin to dance naked. However, even though they are naked, their movements are graceful. It's a graceful dance, a waltz that they learned at home and in the social circle... Leaving their chest bare, they dance, a tities dance.

--How shameless!

There was also a lady who closed her legs and let the wine pool in the region between her thighs and crotch and let another drink it like drinking from a bowl. A noble seaweed garnish. And the lady who sips also looked beautiful, giving off the feeling of immortality.

What kind of promiscuous ladies' circle is this?

It's like a backlash from too strict discipline...

"Hey, lift your legs up more! Shake your hips!"

The dragon interrupts them, throwing in a wild comment.

A dragon woman also presents at a demon's party, wearing magnificent and high-class dresses that were on par with the real noble-born women.

She was now in humanoid form.

With jet-black dragon horns on her head and a jet-black dragon tail extending from her hips.

Her dress was also jet-black, darker than the night. However, it was clearly a high-class dress, which could easily buy the whole town, but the dragon woman sat on the ground with the demon ladies without paying attention to it, and the dragon woman and the wild ladies shouldered together, drinking wine.

The "demon" big sister is shoulder to shoulder with her "dragon" best friend.

Fuhahaha, they laugh and drink wine like a disgusting, middle-aged woman.

"Boss!"

"Big sis!"

"Chief!"

Some members of the knight group approach her.

Completely naked.

Is it possible that the rebellion against the system will make them abandon even civilization?

"Take off our clothes too, Big sis! Let's dance together."

She tugs on her jacket with a jerk.

How disrespectful.

"Fuhahaha, fine!"

She took off her clothes in a single motion. --or more like tore it off. Her big bombshell breasts instantly burst into view. The huge brown peaks look taller and more menacing than any mountain. Then, there is also her hairless crotch...

"Uwaa, it's still big no matter how many times I saw it.... How can you grow so large?"

"Thank you."

The young ladies clap their hands.

――Reminder, You can drink alcohol, but do not let alcohol consume you.

"What good about it, it's just heavy and in the way." The eldest sister raised her huge breast and shook them.

The ladies marveled at it.

"Because the bigger the better, and when you have a baby.....kya!"

The Knight Commander pulled her into a tight hug. Her face was buried in the huge meat, and her cheeks turned red as she was hugged naked by the esteemed leader.

"Don't say cute things to me. You're like my little sister. In this life, I will only marry a man I approve."

good girl, good girl. Knight commander strokes her head, and she loses control and moans "Fuaaa..."

"I don't know if my breasts will get bigger by touching them, but if you want to touch it, go ahead! It's a good opportunity to show my generosity!"

As she stood up while holding her breast up, she shook it and puffed it out.

Her middle-aged, brown, beautiful body. However, she looked no older than her mid-twenties, no matter how you look at it.

"P-Please!"

The female knights rush in and begin to fondle the brown, seductive flesh. It's not sexual, just respect and affection. And even if they keep fondling her, her nipples didn't get stiff because she didn't understand or feel any lust. Even if there was, it wouldn't be felt as pleasure.

In other words, there is no eroticism!

On the side,

"Then you can touch my dragon breasts too!"

She removed her black dress, and the dragon woman next to her stands up without a stitch of clothing on while holding a wine bottle. Her black hair sways. She looks like she's in her mid to late teens. Her breasts - not small by any means - were firm and cute. Her skin is white like snow. And like the brown she-devil, she's also hairless. Her dragon's tail patted the ground with pride.

But

"Hey! Why didn't you come to rub me!"

"That is..."

"Well, that's..."

Even though he was in a wild mood, for some reason, she was quite calm there. But still, they continue to rub their Leader's boobs.

*Squeeze, squeeze, squeeze...*

"Guuuu..."

The dragon woman stomps her foot.

"Then I'll fondle you."

then.

Bam!

"Ow!"

The leader of the knights, who was hit, bursts into laughter that seems to echo from the bowels of the earth.

"Everyone, retreat!"

"aaah!"

『Kyaaaaaaaaaーーーーーー!!』

Demon and dragon start beating each other.

Noble...ladies? are blown away by the pressure. Those wearing clothes are already in the minority, that's also true for those who are still rational.

The feast continues all night long, and it won't be long before the 《Platinum Demon》 receives a letter from her Papa, who is balling his fists because he can finally hit Swift, telling her that her sister has been conceived.

Of course, Papa doesn't know about her new friends.

And,

Desmond's "chicken sense" warns him with unprecedented intensity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, Randolph, lead me to where she is.

◇

--I'm super bored.

I was expecting to be able to spend the rest of the afternoon making out with my beloved wife, but instead...

"I'm sorry, I have some business to attend to today".

what......?

"Geez..."

Did I have a look of surprise and loneliness on my face? Charlotte gave me a look that said, 'it can't be helped.' then she pressed against me. She gave me this new version of kabedon, a hips-don? butt-don? I have been harassed. But that's okay. It felt good.

Anyway, for the first time in a long time, I decided to go for a walk by myself—or, more accurately, to go for an inspection. Then.

――Okke!

And so I waited in the Office, but......Nothing! Come on! Don't you know that the longer you make someone wait, the higher the frustration? Now that it's come to this, I might as well enjoy it. I can make progress while having fun.

I leaned on the desk, folded my hands, and hid my mouth in the finger-tenting pose, daydreaming about fun things with Charlotte. Charlotte has completely occupied my mind. To pass the time while I'm alone, I'll send nasty and degrading thoughts to my beautiful wife, who isn't here right now, as a form of entertainment. When I did it before, she copied it to the tee.

Even though I thought it was only possible in my fantasies. Magic is amazing. Just remembering that time, my foolish sword is about to break free from its sheath. What am I? A junior high school student? My sexual urge has been insatiable since I've been linked to Charlotte in so many ways. Though, to be fair, hers was even worse.

Though I am happy to be told that we share a lot of similarities as a couple, I think that a lord and his wife with a voracious sexual appetite is quite a problem in itself. --I don't want to cause any more trouble to the people of my domain.

I was having fun playing as a lonely lord for a while, but unfortunately, Charlotte did not respond. I wonder if her business is that important...

Even more important than me?

"Desmond-sama is the most important! So brace yourselves!"

Great!! ..and..... *burrrr*!

...I'm sorry. Let's stop here while I'm still feeling relieved. It seems she's really busy. I thought about this as I imagined my third creampie with Charlotte.

--It's about time.

*Knock-knock.*

"Enter." A dignified voice befitting of a lord. I'm not standing up. It was more dignified, and most importantly...

--I can't let someone see that state of what's under my belt!

"Excuse me."

The one who walks in is Katherine, a useless, oral-enthusiast, anal-loving masochist maid, disguised as a first-class maid. With her reddish hair combed up, narrow brown eyes, and cold looks, she was Charlotte's personal maid.

I had high hopes it'd be Sophie, but she was in the middle of moving with my daughter Emily, who is also my daughter. And unlike me, who has a useless job as a professional signature writer, she is a teacher. But of course, Katherine is in no way insufficient. It seemed to me that Charlotte's "entertain" seemed to be as usual, so I thought it was time to play with Katherine. But I realize now how naive that thought was.

"E-e-excuse me!"

The way she bit it was incredibly cute--

---- eh?

"M-my name is Monica, and I will be working as an apprentice maid from now on! I will work hard, day and night, to serve you, Please treat me well! Desmond-sama!"

She lowered her head with a bow, and her light brown dog ears created a strong dynamic for her. When she raised her head, I saw the familiar auburn eyes, and her tail wagging.

-------Doggo...maid?

The only thing I can think now is why she's here, and apprentice maid? Even though I am a professional signer, I should have the final say on who gets the job at the mansion. But still, Monica's maid outfit is nice, her freshness and her beautiful tanned skin of a young girl serving me various things, such as...*cough*

The visual impact made it impossible to think straight.

"Um, um, Desmond-sama...?"

A worried glint in Monica's eyes. But she was still the same, a fifteen-year-old who was like a niece to me, with light brown short hair, bright eyes. a lively, sun-tanned cute beauty. However, her body with dog ears and tail, which were evidence of my (various) sin, now adorned with that maid uniform--

Hmm, what is this sense of crime that fills the entire room? I know that most of it are just my own imagination, but still...

Charlotte's fantasy has made me completely aroused! and my lower head is standing stiff in anticipation.

Furthermore, Monica already stated that she will serve me even at night.

Therefore, my libido has rejuvenated to the level of a junior high school student!

Head bowing is certainly not the act of the Lord. I wanted her. but.

"M...maybe I shouldn't have come...?"

*Shun,*

And.

Her dog ears and tail droop sadly.

--I feel like I'm doing something really bad.

"No, it's nothing. I was just surprised." Don't be flustered, don't be flustered. I am Lord Desmond. I must maintain my composure and dignity...

"I am also happy to meet Monica. And, that outfit suits you very well."

Monica (fifteen years old) blushes and smiles. Now that I see her like this, she's so pure and innocent. How can I--!

"Monica-san, please explain to Master."

"Y-yes! Katherine onee-sama"

"You shouldn't call me that when we're at work."

"Oh, that's right. Charlotte onee-sama said so, too... Oh, I'm sorry."

---Hm? What did she just say? I just have a lot of questions...

This maid, she just standing quietly, don't you have something to explain?

"Des――"

Katherine coughed, and Monica hastily retracted her words.

You're just pretending to be the first-class maid, but you're a useless, anal-lov――(Omitted).

"Hmph." Monica straightened up, although I'm sure it wasn't just me who felt she looked suggestive. But this is a world without eros so maybe not....or at least it should have. At least, Katherine should know.

Monica stared at me with her auburn eyes. Her serious look made me straighten my back. She is, after all, a girl from the village of the warrior. In addition, according to rumors, she is the "strongest" in the village..... although my "chicken sense" has never reacted to it, when it comes to serious business, her pressure is pretty strong.

"Master."

"Oh."

"Master is a sinful man."

Monica said.

"------"

--Oi, Katherine!

I wanted to give her a thorough punishment and humiliate her body, but I couldn't afford to be preoccupied with that if Monica was serious. I put on a facade of calm composure.

"Master has been performing sexual techniques on me all night long, playing with every part of my body, and I got knocked up."

Stop it! Don't drain Lord Desmond's mental point anymore!

I was busy trying to keep my hands from shaking. Monica's cheeks were red and she seemed to be saying those words with a sort of determination, but there must be a culprit behind it.

After all, it was my own wife who told me she had prepared a surprise for me!

Monica swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Her tail also wagged. I was about to gulp down my own spit, too. In many ways.

"That's why... my body is on fire... every night."

Eh?

"Unn, I can't sleep so I have to comfort myself a lot..... every night."

Monica-chan (fifteen years old), a dog-eared maid apprentice's shoulders shake with shame as she struggles to keep her head up. Hey! Don't nod your head you lousy maid!

"So, yesterday, there was a full moon.... when I saw that, I suddenly couldn't understand why...but I wanted to transform and meet Des-sama..."

-- uh....

"I'm sorry for that."

---Hmm, so.

In other words, she saw the full moon, became sexually aroused, and came to see me in a fit of passion.

It is a recurring theme that the full moon can drive someone crazy. It's not hard to imagine that this would be a real problem in a fantasy world with magic. However, I've set up a ticking rutting time bomb.... and I'm the one who caused it in the first place.

"No, no, Des didn't do anything wrong...""*cough*"

"Master is guilty."

Monica said when Katherine coughed, looking me straight in the eye.

Her cheeks were so red that I couldn't tell her skin was tan.

Hmm, I don't have any room for discretion here.

And besides.

From the way you're talking, you're saying that you came out without even telling your parents, right? This could open a case of "Lord Desmond abducting minor". Though in this world, she's not considered a minor anymore...

Dammit! That's exactly what "causing trouble to the people" is!

I had to desperately hide my panic.

"So, that's why, here, please let me work here. If I can work at Desmond-sama's place, my parents would be extremely happy and --oh, I'm writing a letter to them right now..... P-please, I'd love to serve you at night as well... I mean, I can't.... I can't handle it anymore..."

"Cough"

Katherine's cough startled Monica. She hurriedly bows her head. Her dog ears drew a light brown trajectory.

"S-s-sorr...I am so sorry.. for making such a request to Des---master..."

Her dog's tail trembled. Compared to her usual appearance, she seemed so obedient and submissive.

Cute.

Are you excited, uncle?

Self-control!

"Raise your head, Monica." I said in my best lordly tone.

"Y-yes"

Her eyes were watery. Her ears and tail were also shaking.

I wanted to believe that our relationship wasn't one where she needed to be worried like this, but every time I met her, it was always in the village. She treated me more like a valued guest than a lord. But now she is the one who wants to be hired. Moreover, the reason why she came here is that she can't take the heat off her body...

At only fifteen years old.

And now, she shows me the evidence of my sin, with her anxious and watery eyes...

It's no good, I have to control myself, control my inner Ojisan!

"Cough"

I coughed. That made Monica jump, and I was tempted to cough again, but I didn't.

Self-control!

I smiled as kindly as I could. Monica's cheeks slightly blushed.

I don't want to admit it, but this handsome nobleman mask works really well. Is this a kind of skill? I wonder if I'll ever be able to use "flash" someday.

But that's beside the point.

"Why should I refuse? I would be happy to have the lovely Monica at my mansion as a maid."

"Des-sama..."

Monica folded her hands across her small chest and wagged her doggy tail, I can almost hear the "Kyuuun" sound effect.

"--Oh, but of course, when you work, you have to hide your dog ears and tail, okay?"

"Yes, of course. Charlotte onee-sama and Katherine onee-sama already said that...and it's better to call Des-sama.....Master and show them only when I'm serving master."

...What should I do? My wife's action is already out of my control.

But that's something I already knew.

"...If you understand then it's fine. Also, why do the two of them call each other 'sister'? Is there any reason behind it? You three don't relate at all right?"

"Yes, that's....Charlotte onee-sama said that we are Des-sama's pole siste..."

"No more!"

What the hell is that twenty-nine-year-old woman teaching a fifteen-year-old!

I almost bawled my eyes out, in order to distract myself from the painful reality.

"But I was told not to say that when I'm in front of outsiders..."

"Oh, you can say that to me" it's not that I'm totally fine with that, but there's nothing wrong with getting along (deeply). "But be careful saying it elsewhere"

"Yes." Monica bows her head.

Yeah, yeah, she's a good kid. And so I said.

"Does that mean Katherine calls Charlotte onee-sama, too?"

-It was just a passing question.

There was no ulterior motive, no expectation, nothing, just a passing thought.

I had not expected it to be the key to a new door that should not be opened.

"Yes, Charlotte is now my onee-sama." said Katherine. I feel like there is some kind of pride in her.

"Hmm, I see."

"is there something wrong?"

"- No, nothing really?"

Then, I said it. That passing thought.

"If Charlotte, Katherine, and Monica are sisters, then age-wise, would that make me Charlotte's little brother?"

*throb!*

"Desmond-sama as, ....little.....brother...?"

---- eh?

..................

...What did I just hear? I'm sorry, I didn't hear you, please say that again? I thought, but there was no further response. Instead, my "chicken sense" is sounding the maximum alarm. - But what? This is similar to the time when I had an affair with Katherine...

--Okay, let's not think about that now.

"Is something wrong, Master?"

"No, nothing."

Really.

And so, in my mansion, not only a mistress but also a niece (fake) lived together as a dog-eared maid trainee.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Haaaa, Des, Des......♡"

Monica straddled my knees facing me on the chair, and buried her face in my chest as if to compensate for her loneliness.

Although she said how she needed to act as a maid, but if it were a private situation like this, I want her to continue to treat me as she always did.

My niece (fake)'s weight presses down on my thighs as she enjoys me. I too, enjoy the fluff, stroke her head, touch her dog ears and tail

Monica licked my lips and then I licked her back.

"Mmm... Mm, chu... Haa, mm..."

We slurp each other, drinking mouthfuls of saliva. I sucked and sucked, rubbing my tongue against the beautiful girl.

-- Hmm, feeling guilty or not, it's too late to go back now!

Finally, she was starting to get a bit squirmy when I put my hand on her knees. The sharp and beautiful eyes of the young girl now had a lustful gleam.

Monica blushed, embarrassed but happy. As my crotch bludge, I put my hand on her back and stroked her buttocks with the hand that was stroking her tail.

"Master, I would like to teach Monica duties as a maid soon. Can you please cooperate?" The voice belonged to a first-class maid. But the way she looked at me conveyed a different message.

"Katherine, you also want to do it, don't you? If you want to, just say so. Aren't we already very close? Come here and kiss me."

"Wa~aa....."

Monica's eyes lit up at her superior being ordered around by her master. She's jealous of being ordered around by me..... just like a dog.

--A dog!

Katherine, on the other hand, didn't show a single sign of displeased, she was in the mood for it.

"Nnn......"

Her cheeks are lightly tinted with red-- she is becoming quite expressive lately. --gufufu.

"*chup*, *chup*....uh....chu"

"No, don't suck, lick"

"Yes, *lick* *lick*....."

tongues entwine.

"Fu~a....n... chu, chu....chu..."

She twisted, sucked, and slurped my saliva. She was even in front of the apprentice maid. What a terrible maid she was.

"Ah, mmm....."

I stroke Monica's ass and she moans. Mmmmmm, even though her flesh is still thin, with this roundness she'll have no problem giving birth to my baby. --probably?

Don't you dare say that there is nothing wrong because this is a different world!

"Hmmm, nnnn....."

I stroked Katherine's crotch while I licked her, our tongues mingling. Katherine squirmed and moved her hips as her moans filled my mouth. I can see she's eager and moist even through her maid's uniform.

"Pu~ah......" I pull my lips away from hers, finding that Katherine now has a bitch in heat face too. A lewd saliva bridge was formed between our tongues.

I put my hand on the beautiful maid on my lap and stroke her ass, and I let another beautiful maid serve my mouth and touch her crotch.

What a perfect display of a lord!

says the otherworlder who knows about sex.

"So?"

I asked the beautiful maid, trying her best to keep her eyes and mouth from drooping.

"So you're going to teach Monica how to work as a maid, but what else can I do to help?"

Oh crap, there was joy in my voice. However, with this disgusting blue-eyed sweet handsome nobleman face, it's okay! --I want to believe that.

"This is plenty enough..."

Katherine moans, letting out a hot and overly sweet sigh.

Yeah, I knew that was probably the maid's job over here, but as expected as a professional maid right?

'A maid's job doesn't include that!'

I'm sure any real maid would have said something like that, but it can't be helped.....

Because, she is, a useless maid.

Desmond

"So, is it okay for me to just do as I please then?"

"Hah!" "Wafu~un!"

A beautiful woman and a beautiful dog girl. I pierced into the buttholes of two overly beautiful maids, and for Katherine, I push my finger in from the front.

Both of them had such sweet and charming expressions. They were having a great time.

--As I think that...

"No, this is not right. Right now, we are here to serve you."

I was immediately taken aback by Katherine's suddenly uptight expression. As expected, she is an oral-anal-loving, slutty, masochistic first-class maid.

Though, no matter how she tries, it seems that it is going to end up on the erotic side of things.

"Monica, please get off master's lap. That's mine... no, nothing."

It's the first time I've been told that. Well, I guess it's true that other than Charlotte, Katherine has been sitting on it most of the time.

Then Monica got off my lap with a look of reluctance, but with obedience. It seems that she is acknowledging Katherine as her superior. I miss the sense of warmth and weight already.....

When Monica stood up, Katherine let her back straighten. Seeing her like this, she certainly looked like a first-class maid...

Katherine bowed her head gracefully. The white brim atop her reddish hair fluttered brilliantly, like the Maid's Medal of Honor.

Monica quickly followed her. Her form is not quite there yet, but that's not bad.

Then Katherine said, with her cold, beautiful, brown eyes fixed on me.

"Master, sorry if it's inappropriate, may this unworthy maid serve you?"

"I, I, I also......I, I beg for your permission," Monica said. flustered.

"Yeah, no problem." I replied.

"Thank you very much."

"T-Thank you very much!"

Katherine bowed gracefully while Monica bowed clumsily.

Yeah, no problem.

Really, this's not a problem at all.

◇

"Excuse me."

Katherine unbuckled my belt and slid my pants and underwear down with a fluid motion. My dumb son was already soaring toward the ceiling.

"Fuoooo... Des-sama's dick... the one that impregnated me... I-I want it... ooh!"

Katherine slapped Monica's outstretched hand away as she drooled and reached for it. Both of them, wearing their maid uniforms, knelt down and sat on the ground at the leg of the chair, fitting snugly within the space between my knees.

"You cannot, Monica, you are now to serve your Master as a maid, not as a woman. You must not give in to your own desires."

"Ye, yes! Katherine onee-sama."

Monica obeyed as if she is a well-trained dog - but I think that there is more than a relationship between senior and junior on display here? It is not the same as master and dog either. If I may say so, is it like....sisters?

But it seems to me that Katherine is the one who is struggling with her own desires. I wonder if a normal maid would be offended if they heard her words.

--Well, it can't be helped.

She's a useless maid, after all.

"Master, thank you for allowing this unworthy maid to serve you. I will serve your strong penis with all my heart and soul."

And, with a faint blush on her cheeks, she looked up at me.

You're really a first-class maid right!?

"..... huh, really ..... mighty....."

She sighed wistfully.

Damn you, Katherine, this is certainly not the work of a crappy maid. This is the work of the first class. The first thing she does is show her sincere admiration for her master's meat stick. She stares with such eyes, her cheeks dyed red, and her face, which is usually almost expressionless, has an immeasurable destructive power. And so, while she worships me, I'm filled with a sense of dominance.

Even though she put herself in a lower position, I am the one who is more inclined to make requests.

"I was shaken. You are truly magnificent..... The tip of your cock is also overflowing with disgusting liquid......am I really allowed to serve this cock?"

"Hhhh......it smells so good....."

Even Monica.....

Even though I'm the one being served, I'm feeling impatient, and I'm about to beg for it. Is this the real spirit of a first-class maid? Despite the fact that I am the Lord, I am just a third son and an upstart noble with almost no background. Furthermore, I hardly attend any social circle.

Although she is a maid, she was a maid from the Terrace family, a venerable family, a different class from mine.

No, I can't resist..... I want to ask her to touch, to lick, to.....

"Oh!"

"Ah, it's hot......so thick, so hard....."

Katherine touched me with her smooth hands. Perfect timing, Just in time for embarrassing moments like the master begging the maid. I've been corrupted by the maid's palms.

In fact, I accidentally lifted up a bit.

"Kuh, uh..."

Then, as if she was testing me, she move her hand lovingly up and down. She really loves the swelling, raging, veiny, ugly thing.

She scooped up the endless stream of filth from the tip and applied it to the pole, smearing it as if she is painting it with her palm.

"Master's strong cock is twitching in my hand. --It's wonderful."

"Ah!"

"Master, if you permit me, I would like to hear your opinion. I'd be glad if you could tell me if I am doing well, I am...a bit worried."

Katherine's gaze showed a slight hint of eagerness, she was acting lewdly. I can't believe she can pull off such a look... Who said she was a useless maid?

Isn't she playing with it... too much...!?

And actually, she's getting a lot of positive feedback.

"May I lick it? "

"Ah, of course. you can... "

"Thank you very much.... *lick*"

"Fuu!"

Th-that's .... dangerous...! My fleshy root becomes sensitive and I experience pleasure.. even if she's actually just touching me and it's not in her mouth, I still feel it.

*Lick*

And also,

*Suck*

*Suck*

What a feeling.

Even so, she still holds it with her elegant fingers.

Kuuuuuu......as if begging for more, my hips are now fidgeting. My meat swells and trembles in her hands under her exquisite attack, combined with her glance, and I want to beg for more intense pleasure.

--This maid.

She is indeed an assassin maid.....

I haven't felt like this for a long time.

"Haa, Haa" My breath becomes rough. I try desperately to hold back my hips from moving. and Monica....

"Katherine onee-sama.... amazing... Des really seemed to feel good......"

Monica was sincerely admiring her.

The way she calls her "onee-sama" becomes more and more genuine and has more admiration.

Ugh......how embarrassing. I can't believe I let her, who I thought of as a niece, see me in such a pathetic way.....!

Embarrassing! But it feels good! --Oh!

Katherine pressed her lips against my shaft.

She glided her lips against it, licking and licking. She didn't care that her shapely nose was touching the grotesque tip with its hideous veins. All the while, she plays with my balls, feeling them with her fingertips.

Her red tongue entwined with it, entrancing me. When I reacted with a twitch at the sheer lewdness of it, she smile at me.

"Hamu, *lick*, lick*......*slurp* *slurp*!"

Kuhhhh! She sucked me into her mouth. It's like a hot woman's muddy slush on the inside. Her tongue hits the tip and it trembles in her mouth. She entertains me, sliding her lips on my flesh and rubbing it against her cheeks.

And she never stops looking up at me.

I clamped my ass, my fists are shaking and my testicles are boiling.

Katherine rolled my balls around. With her fingers.

"*slurp*, *slurp*♪..*slurp*♪..."

She served the pole with her mouth.

"Oh, ohhhh....." my chin lifted,

"Uh, wow ... Amazing, I can't believe Des-sama can feel that good just by staring at him like that..."

--Monika oh......don't look at this pathetic appearance of your lord.......But I'm so excited.

I could see the twitching and quivering flesh tip spurting out a stream of filthy juice into the mouth of the first-class maid.

As expected of the oral-addicted Katherine-san..... you have leveled up. However, do you have to go this far, embarrassing her boss in front of others to distinguish herself as a senior maid?

Technically, her boss is Charlotte, though.

"Pfft!"

And.

She let me out from the first-class maid's mouth along with her saliva. The area around Katherine's mouth is dirty and slimy. But that white brim on her still stands proud.

Then.

"Come, Monica, you too."

"Fu ~e~tsu!"

The dog maid, who had been observing her senior example, raised a cute and silly noise.

"Don't you want to?"

"No, no! I want to. I'd love to serve Des-sama's penis!"

"---fufu, then, go ahead."

Katherine gave up her master's cock to the apprentice maid. Monica stares at the male cock, dirtied with saliva with sparkling eyes.

--what the hell.

But it doesn't stop there.

I know that when I see Monica's doggy tail, which is buzzing and wagging with all its might.

*Sniff....*

Monica sniffs it.

"Hu, ahhh... ♡ The smell of Des-sama..."

A sly expression. I can't even find a trace of intelligence in those eyes.

"Thanks for the food~"

'Haaa', and Monica immediately opened her mouth wide. She's going to envelop me with her pretty fifteen-year-old lips and pink tongue.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Stop."

Katherine stopped Monica.

She shoved her aside.

And put my cock between their faces. And the sermon begins. Her cheeks brushed against my skin.

――What is she-!

"Monica, I told you that maids are to serve. How can you be on the receiving end? It is an act of fulfilling other desires. Monica, you are to serve your master. You must be thankful for his penis and serve it."

Is a first-class maid really saying the proper thing?

Well, as for me.

'I don't care, just make me feel good already.'

-- Is that what it is? So I am really that kind of person...? Even more than Charlotte in some ways, but I can't do anything about it now.

As Monica's eyes widened, I smeared my filth on Katherine's face and pressed the tip against her lips. -- every time Katherine spoke, her lips moved and her breath transmitted onto my flesh, making an irresistible sensation. Monica cannot control her envious gaze but it's fine, this is training after all. And there's no way this excellent maid would miss my distress.

"Excuse me. *kiss*, *lick*....."

Oooh..... She licked the tip and shook her head lightly.

"Monica, let's do this together."

"Y-yes... Excuse me..."

"Say that to master as well."

"Y-yes, Master, I will serve you."

――Hmm, it doesn't bother me at all. This is the best.

"Haaaa......" My voice leaked out, and the tongue of the maid apprentice joined the first-class maid.

From the left and right, a beautiful maid and a cute dog maid serve me with their tongues. What luxury. As befits the lord.

--I feel like I'm having the most wonderful time I've had in years.

"Does it feel good, master?..........*Pelp*, *lick*....."

"Master likes it here. *Chu*, *lick*....."

"It's true, his dick is shaking. Des-sama really does feel good... *chu*, *chu*"

The girls slid their tongues along my throbbing erect shaft. They kissed the tip in ecstasy, taking turns sucking up the stain and continuing to bathe it with their sweet breaths.

"Monica, try sucking it into your mouth."

"Yes. Hammu......ngh, so big..... *slurp*....."

I can't stop my hips from jerking. Katherine, who commands the maid apprentice to suck on it, goes to the underside of the balls herself and starts licking them. Gosh, I love this so much...

After receiving Katherine's oral skills earlier, I notice that Monica's sucking skill was not yet up to scratch. I mean, she's trying so hard to make me feel good - or maybe in Monica's case.....

"Monica, wouldn't it be better if you just do it the way you like it? Rather than just trying to please me. I feel that that would make me feel better too."

"Pu~ah....."

Monica took her mouth away once and

"Ngh, ngh, *chup*, *chup*, *chup*, *chup*....."

"Hoah....."

Of course, she always wants me to feel good. But now she moves her head back and forth deliciously. Gah... the feeling of the girl who wants me so badly is enough substitution for lack of technique. It's so heartwarming.

Of course, it feels good. it went against Katherine's intention. But Still.

"Chu chu... *chup* *chup*... hum... haaa..."

I was more than excited to see her engrossed in my meat.

--And...

*stare*

Katherine-san is staring at me from under my balls.

---Scary!

"Very Impressive, As expected of Master."

Katherine's brown eyes are full of admiration.

"Hm?"

"*Chup* *chup*....."

The meat pole jumps in Monica's mouth.

"Service is not about skill, but about the heart—of course, the technique is necessary as well, but passion comes first... Having said that....."

And Katherine bowed her head under my balls.

No, no, no, this isn't the place for you to do that, and that wasn't my intention at all.

Above all, wasn't this sounds really bad!?

Me, acting lustful towards a fifteen-year-old girl (pregnant),

'Lick it as much as you like.'

'Woof!'

Doesn't it sounds like that!?

But this useless maid...

"Still, my feelings for my husband are not inferior to Monica's."

If Charlotte said that, my heart would jump.

I never thought she would have such feelings for me to this extent...

"*Schup*" Monica pulled her mouth away. The sharp contrast between her saliva-soaked head and her cute lips is so impactful. The stench of crime is getting more and more intense.

"It's fine," Monica said.

"Katherine onee-sama likes Des-sama too. So, let's do it..... together."

"Monica-san... Hmm."

And they started twirling their tongues with my dick in between.

--What happened between you two!

It's like you guys did something like solidifying a relationship between sisters... like real siblings.

And yet, unconsciously I sense the presence of a mastermind who is not present in this place...

But this is not the time to look away from such a scene.

"*chu*, *chu*... *lick*, *lick*, *lick*..."

"*Gulp*, *gulp*, *glug* *glug*..."

"Ooooh, ho oh....."

The two of them entwined each other's tongues and put their lips together. They started torturing me with intensity.

--Oh, this is bad.....

I lifted my chin up and couldn't stop moaning.

"Des-sama, you sound comfortable. Please feel better, please give me more of that white stuff....."

"Give me your penis milk, please give me your penis milk. Please, master..."

Hey Katherine! Where's your senior attidute- "Oooooh!"

"*Jup, Jup*" "*lick,lick*"*Chup, Chup*..."

Two dainty lips engulfed me in turn. Two kinds of hot and soft petals crawled all over my flesh, rolling my balls with their tongues, pushing me to the edge of pleasure with an exquisite feeling.

"Ugh!"

These gals have no chance of missing the signals of my ejaculation, the sharp itch that surged to my hip bones.

Katherine backed away.

Monica sucked.

I shuddered as I was sucked into the fifteen-year-old's mouth.

I could see Monica's tail wagging in time with my pulse.

Her breath was rustling my golden pubic hairs. Monica sucked me firmly into her and took my desire in her pretty mouth, not wanting to miss a drop.

"Unn, Un, Fuu..."

Monica takes every last drop and proceeds to suck up the entire contents out of my cock.

"*slurp*....."

I think I saw a heart symbol behind the lovely dog maid's eyes when she glanced up at me. Then, to my surprise, she turned her head toward Katherine and began to lock lips with her.

-No way.

needless to say, it's sharing.

But I wonder why is Monica doing it as if it was a planned thing? Does it mean that the maid education had already taken place before this?

--What have you done!

Monica and slutty useless maid lock lips, their tongues entwined, sharing my stuff. What on earth kind of reward/punishment shall I give her?

""Ngh""

After making some gulping sounds from their throat, these two maids open their mouths to show me that they have swallowed it all, as the result, the lord's lord stands tall at the sight.

／

"Hah, ah......master......this is so embarrassing....."

"This is also a maid's job, Monica-san."

That's not it!

They both put their hands on my desk and shook their attractive butts. Of course, they are still in their maid uniforms but with skirts rolled up.

On the left, the girl's small ass is wrapped in a pink panty - and looking at the fine fabric, Monica had already properly dressed not only in her maid's uniform but also her undergarments as well, good job.

--on the right, it was a black panty that was digging into the big buttocks. Katherine's underwear was often made of tiny pieces of cloth to arouse me, but the designs were slowly becoming more elegant, going from simply having a tiny amount of cloth to aggressively incorporating the just right amount of design to make a man feel irresistible without descending to much into the vulgarity.

The shop owner does a good job, doesn't she?

But she must still be unaware of eroticism.....

*twitch!*

However, now it was these two maids. This master will personally train her (meaningfully) whether she is suitable to work in my mansion. ――Gufufu.

"Haaa....." "Fuuu....."

The girls made cute moans as I stroked my fingers up their thighs with a soft touch that was barely brushing them. I feel the difference between a gorgeous woman's and a beautiful girl's body before invading their inner thighs!

I keep touching them like that, only the lower half is bare. The more I touch their groin area, the more glamorous they become. It's already wet and soggy. I can't stop grinning.

This can only be described as HENTAI! (Pervert)

But it's okay. Because they are maids, and I am the lord.

-My Logic had given up on doing its job. Ethics had also abandoned its work.

"Hah, nuh-uh....."

"Hah ah....."

A handsome noble with a towering ugly rod stroked the asses of a beautiful maid and a pretty girl maid. Monica's pretty pink panty. As for Katherine, she has a T-back thong with lace, emphasizing her wonderfully fleshy butts. I grab that meat in a claw grip and rub it.

"Ugh....."

*squeeze* *squeeze*

Giping fiercely, I insert my fingers into Katherine. And with another hand, I venture to the bottom of Monica's panty and stroke it gently. I'm so aroused that I drip a drop of pre-cum.

"Ah... wow, the smell..."

Monica is more like a dog than I thought. Apparently, she feels aroused by just the smell. I wriggled my fingers inside her underwear. The stain on her pink panty spread as I watched it.

"Hiiii! Des-sama.......there, hah-uhn.....♡"

"Fufu, you're awfully wet. Did licking my dick make you feel that good? Or is it because you swallowed my cum?"

I rub her, feeling her hot and wet place.

"Hee, nggh, haaaa, Des-samaa....."

Her dog's tail curled up, this was truly a begging pose for mating. With her back arched and her cute little ass sticking out, I couldn't help but feel more eager to fondle her private part.

"Hnnnggg ♡♡!!!!" The beautiful girl moaned, the tone became higher and higher.

I sank my finger into her flesh.

"Des-sama is, Des-sama is ah......nnnn, ah!"

Monica shook her cute little ass. I rubbed the young flirtatious flesh without mercy.

"Ahhhh, ahhh, haaaaaaaaaaan!!!!"

The fifteen-year-old's body bucked. Then the twenty-six-year-old on the right waved her ample ass and began to beg me.

".....Master, please......please give me some too."

Apparently, squeezing Katherine's ample buttocks as if to exercise my grip strength was not enough for the lustful masochist. - or perhaps she must have been envious of Monica.

"Aren't you ashamed that you, the so-called senior maid are begging your master?"

"Then punish me!"

Wasn't that a bit late!

But well, it was also me who made her like this. I mean, I've removed the mask of a first-class maid of hers already.....

It can't be helped.

"Hhhhhhhhhh, that's good......that's good, master, my ass hole......that's nice.....♡ ahhhhh! the front...the front too....."

Thumb into her anus. Index and middle fingers to her vagina.

I roughly and forcefully poked and prodded the senior maid's both holes. She screams with delight. Her sphincter muscles and vulva tightened up as she begged for more and more. Her master's thumb is fully embedded in her, fingers moved to discipline the maid.

The maid's juice gushed out.

Such a small plug is not enough to stop the overflowing passion.

I was gentle with Monica and merciless with Katherine.

Both maids shook their butts and wiggled their hips, brimming with pleasure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ha, ah, ah....."

"Ah, ha, ngh....."

"You two are so wet. So that means it's alright for me to insert it now?"

""Ahhh♡!""

I stripped and slipped their shorts down. But of course, I didn't take them off completely. Their panties, soaked with love honey, were curled up in a crumple above their knees.

Between the two exposed checks meat was a slightly reddish pink flower.

They were spilling nectar all the way down to their tender thighs which made me want to munch on them.

I couldn't help but move my face closer to Monica's.

"Hyah! Could it be that Des-sama...... ah...... no, no...... you cannot....."

"You smell so good, sweet and sour. I can see that Monica wants me very badly, don't you? Besides, Monica has sniffed me a lot. Now it's my turn to give you a good sniff. Now, why don't you take your ass and spread it for me?"

"Spreading my butt... Uuah, it's embarrassing... Des-sama..."

"What are you talking about, Monica? You are Master's maid. You should be receiving your master's direct training and guidance, and be pleased about it. If allowed, I would like to take your place right now... Haah!"

I spank Katherine.

"Thank you very much."

So said the senior maid.

Senior maid...? I mean, what was the job of a maid again?

--to serve the master.

Are you sure you're not mistaken?

"I understand, Katherine onee-sama, being ordered and trained by Des-sama is a great pleasure for me..."

Hey! Katherine! What are you putting in Monica's head! - and Charlotte too!

And the filly flower trembled. The bitch in front of me twitched and wriggled seductively.

"But, but.....this is......this is so embarrassing............ ugh....."

"I really like it Monica, the way you try to fulfill my desires."

Her fifteen-year-old thin finger rested on her fleshy butts.

"Ohhh......" she squealed in shame, her fingers tightening as if she had made up her mind. The willow finger bit into her girl's flesh and...

*spread*

And unfolds her private parts.

The enchanting milky pink folds twitched lustfully.

"The smell and nectar are becoming more and more naughty and thick. ――I love it.

"Wah ngh! Des, sama~a !"

*drip*

I was so excited to see the thick, sticky liquid overflowing from the girl's hole. I ran my tongue up the girl's pale slit. I made a deliberate noise as I sucked and slurped, scooping up and slurping up one gush of nectar after another.

I couldn't get enough of how her body responded to her arousal. And Monica didn't stop spreading her butt even as her hips twisted. She offered me her girl's nectar. I inserted my tongue with firmness and repeated the extraction.

"Ahh, ahhhhh! No, Des-sama, ah, ah aah!"

I peeled her plump, swollen clitoris completely, exposing it to the air, and plucked and rubbed it. I pried her slit open and slurped up the honey juice that was coming out of her.

"Hii, hi, hi ha...... Des-samaaaa♡"

Monica clung to my desk as her knees buckled, but she didn't fall. As expected of the "strongest" of the village of warriors, I patted her cute ass.

It wasn't really a bad idea to just insert it like this, but I think I should give the senior some face here.

"hau....."

*schup*!

Katherine made a lovely sound when I pushed the tip against her entrance. I rubbed it and teased her.

"It's already so soggy. This looks like it's safe to insert it straight in."

"Yes...... it's fine. Even if I'm not wet, I'm always ready to accept you, Master.....No, I will get wet right away.....Ah! So forceful! It's wonderful, Master.....♡"

The pillar of flesh that broke in was greeted with first-class hospitality, just as Katherine had said. The enchanting maid meat entwined and tightened around me while overflowing with juices. I immediately started pistoning.

The delicious sounds of her flesh filled the room, its sweet voice was entwined with my cock like a snake. I held Katherine's ass firmly and slammed my hips against her, rubbing and kneading her ass as I pleased.

I rubbed, gouged, and pushed into her flesh as she squealed with delight, making the maid happy to the fullest.

"Hah, ah, ah, ah! It's wonderful, Master..... ahhh, hunn nn.....yes... that's the spot...... nn nn ahhh! Huh! Oh, I'm going crazy...... please fuck me more, more, more♡♡♡!"

"Ohhhh!"

Katherine's voluptuous ass wiggled, her strong hips bumping against mine as I pumped into her. My balls swelled up and slapped against Katherine's crotch as I worked to pour my load into her, who was already pregnant with my child.

If I screwed her deep enough, her cervix would lovingly suck on it, begging me for more.

"Ah...... that's so good. Katherine's pussy is wonderful."

"I'm so glad...... Please continue to use my vaginal meat until you ejaculate inside..... AHH!"

I pushed my hips deeper and deeper into Katherine, and I gyrated my hips and stirred up Katherine's inside, which was smothered in pleasure. Flesh rubbing against each other. Her pussy is repeatedly squeezing and squrmimg, being stirred by the scorching pile of flesh, but she does not forget to provide first-class service to please my master.

"Oh, Katherine's pussy is pleasing me really well, you're doing a great job.... I'll give you plenty of semen with this."

"Thank you. Han....." Katherine wiggled and undulated her hips, keeping her ample ass pressed against me.

Wriggling and squeezing. I could not help but shudder and quiver inside her vagina.

"Ah, master......"

I stayed connected and reached my fingers above her crotch, pressing her swollen bean. She's so erect that I was able to stroke it over the top of her maid's skirt, torturing that disgusting organ.

I change the shape of a small fruit and in turn, fill the male meat into her vagina.

"Huh, nnn, nnn, ahhhhh....."

A layer of thin sweat coated Katherine. Her floral juices overflowed from our bonds part. The liquid of our lust slides and falls down the gap between our pressing skin.

"Master~..."

Katherine turned her head around, already looking like a bitch in heat. And then.

"Ngghhhh, mmmm...... *plep*, *plep*....."

She hesitated to beg for it in front of her junior? her peeked-out tongue is like a flame of lust escaping her lips. I knew what she wanted and stuck out my tongue, and Kathering immediately intertwined her tongue around mine.

"Nngh, nngh, nngh...... hah...... ahhh....."

Katherine's feminine voice tinged with excitement.

""Ugh...... onee-sama, that's unfair...... I want Des-sama's dick too... I even tried to hold back..... Des-sama....... please give me your cock...... I'll do anything you want, no matter how embarrassing it is....."

――Ho!

With the best of goals as a maid-in-training.

"Then, spread it yourself and beg for it."

"Uh-uh-uh..... yes....."

Monica starts to wiggle her hips, despite her shyness. She places her fingers on either side of the lightly spread vulva.

*spread*♡

"Amazing, your honey is flowing down in a sticky trail."

"Nooo...please don't look ... Des-sama... uuu..."

Still, that didn't stop Monica-chan from wiggling.

"What's wrong with looking at it? I am happy that Monica wants me that much. In that case, I have to reward you, don't I?"

"re-reward....."

Monica's vacant eyes shone.

――Gufufu

I suppressed the urge to laugh and pulled myself out of Katherine.

"Ahhhh....."

Katherine's flower twitched with regret as I scrape her carnal flesh with the tip head. It is hard to depart from it, but - this time...

*schlup*

"Hah!"

Monica exhaled a breath tinged with anticipation and rapture as I pressed my hot rod against her. The slightest bit of uncertainty is a superb spice. I rub it against her a bit, making her impatient.

"Oh, ahhh...... oh , it's so hot......it's going to... in my vagina....."

"Yes, that's my penis that Monica wanted so badly." I scooped up the overflowing nectar and smeared it all over her lovely little rosebud.

"Waaa....."

I couldn't stop the corners of my mouth from lifting up. I was going to get into this girl's hole.

"Mmhiiiiiii....."

"Oh, that's tight...... Monica, relax a little more and let me in. Oh....."

"Ha, hah, yes...... I will accept. Des-sama ah...... huh!"

Monica shuddered as I filled her to the brim. The folds of her flesh embraced me fervently. Her juices were overflowing from our union. I continue to grasp Monica's tight but still immature girl's butt.

"Are you okay, Monica? you need to tell me right away if it's too much."

"Y-yesh...it's okay...Nnnn, Des-sama is so hot....and big...ahhh! It swelled up."

Of course, I would swell up if I heard that.

And then I realize.

"Come to think of it, Monica is already pregnant with my baby. It would be a bad to get too intense."

Thank goodness I realized that. If anything happened, I'd be devastated.

"No, I'm fine. After all, Charlotte-sama has given her <blessing>. Even if you fuck her just as hard as you fuck Charlotte-sama and me, your child will be safe."

..... What the heck? Are you saying that Charlotte-sama was actually a fertility goddess? Well, there is no doubt that Charlotte is a goddess to me.

But I don't think Katherine would tell a lie, so it must be fine.

"Haaahhhh!"

I stirred Monica's vagina with my eager hot rod. Even though I had only been with her for one night, I fucked her extensively, to the point that her body seemed to remember me. I remembered the taste of her, too.

As if to confirm it, and to let her know that she was exclusively for me, I knocked on the door that my baby was sleeping in. Squeeze ♡ I couldn't get enough of the feeling of her flesh tightening.

I rock my hips back and forth gently, as the superb pleasure travels up my spine.

"Haaaa...... Des-sama is moving inside me, oh...... it feels so good.....this, this is what I wanted...... oooh, ahhh♡"

Although young, her body was already a female. Her hips wiggled, and her folds twitched, as she cried out, moaning that she wanted me.

"Hah, ha, ha, ha, ha..."

I was breathing hard and sweating too. Overlapping with the yearning girl's panting, somehow it turned into a rhythmic beat.

"Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah...... this , this is what I wanted...... Des-samaaaaa....."

The lewd hip-slapping sound never ceased.

"Huh, Monica, good, that feels good...... can you put a little more pressure on your abs and tighten your pussy more?"

"Nnnngh, nnnn...... like this?"

"Ha, yes. Keep doing it, and shake your hips more..... like that."

"Ohhhh...... I feel good too...... do you feel good Des-sama? Does my pussy feels good?"

"Oh, it sure is. This makes me want to impregnate you over and over again. How many puppies do you think I can put in you?"

As soon as I said that, her vagina began to seduce me and squeezed out my semen.

"I'll have them! I'm going to give birth to so many puppies, Des-sama!"

"Ohhh!"

Monica was so excited that she wagged her tail and the folds of her vagina undulated as if she was sucking on my rod.

What a girl! She was so excited to receive a man's cock that was almost one generation older than her.

"Ahiiin! Ahhhh, Des-sama, ame~zhing..... ahhhhhh!"

I gripped her ass and began to pound my hips into her like a machine gun. *Slam Slam Slam Slam* Although an automatic gun is not a concept in this other world, but that's not important.

*Slam Slam Slam Slam*.......

"Aaaaahhhh ~~~~, aaaahhhh ~~~~!"

I mercilessly slammed my hips into the sobbing wet Monica. My cock pulsated in her vagina, and my sperm was beginning to rush inside my swelling balls.

"Monica, I'm going to cum! I don't care if you're already pregnant. I'm going to plant my seed in your womb. And it won't end with just this. I'm going to impregnate you again and again and again, and I'm going to make you give birth to so many cute puppies!"

"Yes, yes~! , Des's seeds! I want lots and lots and lots of puppies!"

"Oh, oooooh!"

I let out a cry as I impregnated the bitch, I pressed the tip against Monica's cervix and exploded. I spewed hot and sticky seed into her without mercy, soaking up the pleasure and satisfaction of impregnating a young girl.

Though she was already pregnant with my child.

"Ahhhh! It's in it's in it's in...... Des-sama's babies..... I want to conceive...... I want to conceive more of Des's babies......a lot...... a lot of puppies...... hunh, ahhhh!....."

She lovingly embraced and milked the impregnation rod, which continued to pulsate and jerk. I can feel it going past her cervix and into the very back.

My ejaculation never stops.

It is as if I am trying to fill the girl's womb with myself.

"Fuu~en...... my womb is full to the brim..... Hiinnn!"

When I pulled out, white fluid overflowed. Monica was breathing hard as she clung to the office desk. The evidence of our affair slid down from our union.

--um, good work. And then.

"Haaa, Master....... Me too, please....."

Katherine was shaking her big ass right at me.

Right, I hadn't poured into her yet.

"Alright."

"Haaaan♡♡!!"

I started to shake my hips to satisfy the senior maid as well. Monica has great physical strength, so when she recovers, I'll give her a lot of loving in other positions. The training of the new maid and the first-class maid for the lord continued throughout the afternoon.

For now, I'm going to fill her to the brim as well. --

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Oh my, I've never seen you before.'

said the platinum blond fairy in the courtyard.

The garden here was well maintained.

This garden fulfills one of the duties of the nobility, which is to show off their wealth. Nonetheless, a beautiful garden for the sake of showing off is different from a natural one. She never considered the difference before, but now the presence of this "real" fairy has made her aware of it.

It was funny to call a fairy real, but still.

"So you must be from this mansion."

Her platinum blonde wavy hair scattered sunbeams. Wrapped in a one-piece dress, her skin was white and smooth, and her chest was already more mature than that of other girls her age. She was in her mid-teens, in the transition from girl to woman, and with a face that was both cute and beautiful, no one could help but expect great beauty in the future.

With a soft smile, her emerald eyes shone with interest.

The girl thought,

How can she smile like that? How can she be so soft? Why is she so cute? Why does she sparkle so much? Why is she so...

――Different from me?

It is impossible for her to recall exactly what emotions she had at that time. Because at that time, she had already been taught to suppress any emotions.

Even so, with still immature emotional control, she was unable to suppress her emotions when confronted with the 'real thing'.

――Why was I even there in the first place?

The training she underwent was extremely painful, bordering on abuse. At one point, she even passed out. It is likely that she wandered off during a moment when the trainers were not paying attention, which is why she is in her current situation.

Quickly, as if striding through a dreamland, the fairy approached.

"Charlotte-sama, wait. Please do not approach some random person."

And there was the maid, still a girl herself, but with a fine posture with her back straight. Her red hair was neatly gathered, and she had narrow, brown eyes.

The girl who had already begun her 'training' knew.

She is the same as her. But also, fundamentally different.

Despite being born from the seed of noble all the same, ss <Shadow>, being born as a "tool" and trained as a "tool" are totally different.

――Ah, what cruel brilliance.

But she didn't resent her, Because there was no way that the "tool" can feel that way.

"Are you injured!?"

"Ah?"

"Charlotte-sama, please listen..."

The fairy took the maid's hand, ignoring her maid.

"【Heal】"

"ah?"

A warm light surged through her hand, and it sank directly into her body.

――Is this person a noble.....?

That was another surprise for the girl. This fairy possessed magic power. Commoners are sometimes born with magical powers, but generally, those with such powers are of highborn descent. She should have guessed that from the fact that she had a maid with her, but....

"You use magic on me....."

The nobles consider magic as a precious thing and use it only for themselves, thereby solidifying their prestige. This was the first thing they were taught. But it is not unusual for them to use magic to maintain their "tools". However, having just met her for the first time and didn't know who she was. Even though she was dressed in rags and tattered clothes......

The fairy looked at her with a puzzled expression.

――So cute.

Although the other party was definitely older, she couldn't help but think so. No, that's not all.

"Of course. It's a noble's obligation! This is what a true noble gives to the common people! We don't choose our recipients!"

She puffs out her chest, which is starting to develop and snorts cutely.

Apparently, she was an angel, not a fairy.

"My big sister said so."

So she's a younger sister.

".................."

"You should thank her."

The girl jolted after someone whispered near her ears without showing any sign of it. It was a brown-eyed maid. ...She was the same as herself ―― but still different.

"Katherine, you mustn't startle her."

"Sorry, but Charlotte-sama, you must have noticed that this girl is someone you shouldn't be associate with...... ―― this one has magic powers."

"――Ah?"

The young angel's emerald eyes swam.

"She may not be noble from her appearance, but she is probably related to this house in some way."

The brown eyes stared at the fairy as if saying.

'Please be more thoughtful'

"*Cough*" the girl called Charlotte coughed.

"I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't tell anyone."

She said with a cute smile, a drop of sweat on her nape.

The girl nodded at the fairy, slightly smitten with her...

"What are you doing here...?"

Charlotte stiffened her body. She suppressed her startled expression, while Katherine was calm.

"Peter-sama."

Charlotte plucked at her dress and takes a splendid courtesy. The boy named Peter just nods and glances at her ――like this is something natural.

"And why are you here, Hermit?"

".................."

"Did you run away?" His blue eyes are cold. Although his face was handsome, she can see the shadow creep in on his face. "Inappropriate tools will be disposed of, you know?"

"――――――"

The girl's eyes widened.

"..... No, I got lost and wandered here." she kept her eyes down.

"I see..." He stared at the girl intently, making disgusted snorts then glance at Charlotte. "I'll forgive you, just this time."

The girl's face pale.

Because, originally, she should have been disposed of, just as he said.

Perhaps he was trying to show Charlotte a good part of himself. Being a generous and forgiving person.

In the corner of her eyes, she caught Charlotte having a slight smile on her face and bit her lips lightly.

She now knows what kind of existence the girl was. From the teachings of her elder sister, and the obligations of nobles, she should have spoken up for her just now. However, Charlotte was also a "tool".

"Charlotte, uncle Terrace is here. You should be hurried and change your clothes."

"Yes, understood."

She lowered her head respectfully, and the girl, Charlotte, who was like a fairy before is now a doll. Peter didn't even look at Katherine.

The small girl observed that scene with her eyes.

... Ah, I see, even this fairy will eventually end up like me.

I wonder what this feeling was.

In a daze, a "trainer" came and pulled her up and took her away.

The artificial garden became solemn and silent again.

///

――I must have fallen asleep. I've been dreaming about this dream for a long time now...

《Ephemera》, the Shadow who was captured by Randolph woke up in the dungeon. It is in the basement under the mansion where Desmond is training his maid right now.

She looked at her hand.

She felt as if she could recall her warmth at that time.

That girl became Peter's fiancée, her brother, though only by blood. She married into Swift's family, but in the end, they were divorced because she failed to conceive a child. Since then, she had been steadily advancing her "training" and had seen her from time to time in the mansion. She did not talk to her, but she wonder how she felt when she heard what happened to her.

――I don't know, but perhaps, I was relieved.

Then she heard that she had married Desmond, the third son of the Damwead family. A "doll" remained a "doll" and is now even trapped like a caged bird.

This mission was to scout Aldora. He also told her to kill Charlotte and Desmond, depending on the circumstances. But now that she had been captured, she couldn't kill them anymore.

――Maybe, I just wanted to see her.....

The 《Ephemera》exhales a breath in the agitation of emotions that tickling like drops of dew. It's true that the girl became a "doll" now. But if it was true that she was conceived, would she no longer be a doll?

"You're very quiet. good good ."

《Ephemera》Look to the side

――there was a dog.

A small schnauzer.

It was similar to the breed in Desmond's past life. Gray fur. The fur around the fluffy face made it look like a small old man, a breed that would look good in a Santa suit. However, the idea of Santa does not exist here, and even if people try to imagine it from the description, very few perceive it as being joyful.

【Grayhound】

A magical entity.

It's magic that the legendary mercenary "Grayhound" Randolf Stainer himself control.

The eyes of the dog were looking at her from the other side of the cage. With clear, intelligent eyes that didn't seem like a dog's. White teeth peeked from the lips covered by the fur like a mustache.

"Hmm." she sniffed, "I told don't like to waste time. So you'd better finish this."

"Ho-ho, That's quite cold."

The dog seemed amused. From behind it came the presence of a person. Three. One of them was Randolph - now he was deliberately revealing his presence. But also very 'natural' - the other was a woman who specialized in informational magic, and the third was――

"Wha..." 《Ephemera》 blinked.

She cannot suppress her surging emotions.

She stood there and smiled softly. She was said to be twenty-nine years old now. But her beauty, which still retains the appearance of that time, was still beautiful and cute.

Beautiful, cute, and emitting a fragrant aura.

Platinum blonde wavy hair, fair skin, and emerald eyes. Her body was full of promise even back then, but now it was ripe and voluptuous. Her breasts and buttocks were so full that they almost ripped her dress.

However, it was not her beauty that surprised 《Ephemera》.

She was surprised at her appearance but more than that,

――She was neither a "tool" nor a "doll".

She understood this well, as she herself was now a perfected "tool."

"Long time no see. I think you were called Hearmit back then, but now I think you're called 《Ephemera》?"

"――――――"

From the other side of the bars, Charlotte looked kindly at 《Ephemera》.

"....So you remember?"

She wasn't used to speaking politely.

But she said it anyway.

Charlotte nodded, ――it's adorable,

"<Shadow> Hermit. There were few memorable things when I live in Swift house, so you were very memorable."

"Is that so."

――What is this feeling?

―I don't know. but it didn't seem so bad.

"Hoho, that's interesting. So this should be easy to draw her in."

Randolph chuckles contentedly. At his feet is a Schnauzer-like hunting dog. The old man is really similar to the said dog. Romantic gray hair with bushy eyebrows and mustache. His expression is gentle and he has ash-colored eyes. As usual, the tailcoat butler uniform fits him perfectly.

"You really think so?"

Charlotte asked him in what could be called an innocent manner. 《Ephemera》 is surprised by that as well.

Even though Randolph is considered a noble and the other party is the wife of a noble, it is rude to interrupt a second daughter from the earl's family. And yet, Charlotte asks Randolph back in such a friendly manner.

Randolph is on Desmond's side - or Damwead's side and Charlotte are supposed to be on Terrace's side, even if she is useless now. But they act in a harmonious way without any social status hindering them...

"Personally, I can't be sure." said the old man in front of the amazed 《Ephemera》, as if such a display was natural. "But that's by my own personal account. It seems that Charlotte-sama has some secret plan in her sleeves. Let's take a look at your hands here."

"But I refuse!"

――What?

Even《Ephemera》 was stunned.

Did Charlotte just say that.....?

Looking at the three people beyond the prison cell, Randolph's eyes slightly widened in amusement, while the other one, a woman who was proficient in information magic, had a stern gaze but seeming to be dumbfounded. Only Charlotte was composed.

――What is the meaning of this?

Aren't they too close? Too friendly?

――What is the meaning of this? (I said it twice because it's important.)

Then Charlotte shrugged and shook her head. Her gesture was indeed cute, what happened to her after that? Back then she really liked picture books. Now that she came to this territory, seems like she was no longer a "doll" and became unrestricted in doing what she likes.

The gesture was over the top as if it was exaggerated.

――What is the meaning of this?

Somehow, she didn't want to know. Somehow, she felt like she was being forced into something really bad.

But she didn't care about《Ephemera》oppinion. "The issue is, I will do it, but I am afraid that Randolph cannot watch it. You can only see her once she has fallen."

"Hm, that's unfortunate."

Grandpa seemed truly sad. Next to him, the stern eye woman furrowed her brows and had a complicated expression. What's more, the gaze that is directed at her is filled with emotion, no matter how hard that stare, there's a feeling in that gaze - pity?

Of course, 《Ephemera》 didn't understand what they were saying.

"You will act? On me? You're going to kill me?"

A chill ran down Ephemera's back.

Randolph looks calm, the other woman's eyes are filled with intensity, and Charlotte is looking beautiful as usual.

"No, I won't do such a thing. What I will do is――discipline you."

She smiled, causing 《Ephemera》 to shiver.

She can't believe it.

――What is this? What's going to happen to me? What is this sensation.....

So far, there have been many times when she has been close to death. In training, she has repeatedly been pushed to the brink of death. She has also undergone torture, but death does not scare her. She does not want to die and she doesn't like wasting time, but even if she were to die, it would only be because she, a "tool", had stopped functioning.

Neither physical pain nor even death can be an excuse to avoid this loathsome existence.

But this.

A crisis of chastity.

《Ephemera》 did not know about it.

This is a world without eros. Having such a feeling is not normal.

Randolph remained unchanged, while the stern eye woman stare at her with pity.

"Well." said Randolph, "I think I'll take my leave, albeit regretfully. I am not allowed to watch it seems. But Charlotte-sama, as you are aware, the other party is the <shadow> that even has an alias called 《Ephemera》. Ms. Liz, can I trust you with the magic lock and the prison cell? Just don't let your guard down."

"I know what to do."

The woman nodded.

――Charlotte smiled, but her cheeks were slightly flushed. Now the shadow wanted to follow Randolph out of this place.

Randolph left and Charlotte smiled wryly. The scary eye woman named Liz seemingly gave up on speaking out something and began to activate and regulate the magic lock and cell.

The shackles on the 《Ephemera》 are magic locks, which seal magic and skills. Moreover, this magic cell also takes away the freedom of the subject. Originally, she was able to suppress the excitation of life energy, but now her body has become too weak.

What will they do to me now?

Charlotte, a noblewoman, walked into the prison without a care.

――There is a strange sensation in the air.

A smile on her cute face. It is like an innocent little girl who has gotten her toy.

She's confident she can withstand her level of torture, but...

――This is odd.

After all, is it normal to torture someone you are trying to draw into your side?

Despite trying to hide her emotions, 《Ephemera》 remains confused.

A twenty-nine-year-old stands in front of the captive shadow.

A "tool", The nameless assassin, she is a stunning woman with white hair and blue eyes who disguised herself as a man.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fufu-fu-fu-"

Charlotte laughed strangely and leaned in towards Ephemera. Her beauty was much more charming up close. Her platinum blonde hair gleamed like the luminance of daylight, and her jewels-like emerald eyes were clear and bright, like an innocent young girl.

Even the same sex could not help but fall in love with her. When she came closer to her face, she murmured.

"Wow, you've really blossomed! You've become such a mature woman. May I ask, how old are you now?"

Their noses are almost brushing each other. But she's too unguarded. Even though the current《Ephemera》is incapable of harming her, she was the one who was trying to assassinate her...... she is acting too carefree.

She was no longer a "doll." In fact, she was livelier and more energetic than the day they first met. Was it because she was pregnant? It seemed cruel, but――,

"Twenty-three, I believe," Ephemera said in a rough tone as if she just regaining her voice.

"As <Shadow> standard, I've already lived long enough don't you think? I've already told Gray Hound everything I know. You're trying to recruit me, but stop wasting your time. It's more constructive to just kill me."

A normal noble should have been angry and retorted, but Charlotte's smile deepened as if she were saying, 'don't you say.'

Whether or not she's heard it, Charlotte mused, "And why should I? I won't know unless I try. Besides, killing you is such a waste and this is your chance. Free yourself from the insect cage――"

Her breath smelled wonderful. It had a sweet aroma. Honestly, Ephemera wanted to escape from this unusual sensation, but her azure eyes were locked with Charlotte's green eyes.

The lady of the house was cute and beautiful, and the assassin had a handsome and tough face that can be described as a beautiful young man. However, the shape of her face was very soft and gave off a distinctly feminine air. Watching from the side, Liz couldn't help but be captivated as she observed the scene, feeling as though she were glimpsing something from a surreal painting.

And then

---*Chu*

"――What?"

The moment she feels the moist and soft touch on her lips, Ephemera's eyes go wide.

Lips touched.

――Her lips.

"Fufu, I got you," Charlotte said happily.

"――Eh, what?" Ephemera is totally confused.

Touching lips? What could that possibly mean? But for some reason, the tender spot tingled and had a strange burning sensation. Ephemera looked at Charlotte's lips.

Peachy, moist, velvety lips. Plump and delicate, similar to petals.

――Fufu.

And Charlotte-sama laughed. Touching her lips lightly,

"You're really good at pleading. Just like that time."

"What are you trying to do?"

*kiss*

"....."

"*lick*, *lick* It's a little light, but I think it's delicious."

Just what is she doing? Surely this can't be some new kind of torture? It could be. this is Aldora territory of that 《Heretic of Damwead》 after all.

――That must be it.

But there is still a strange heat in the contact area.

"Well, I could push you down like this, but I think it's better not to."

"As I said, what are you trying to..?"

Charlotte uses 【Physical Strengthening】 and gently lifts Ephemera. Charlotte brings her to bed. Although this was a prison, it was for VIPs. It was high-class and more luxurious than cheap lodging. However, who would have thought that she would be carried by Charlotte like a princess.

Her two large fruits are so plump and were crushed against her body. What did she eat to grow this big?

*poof*

Ephemera was gently put to bed. Her handcuffed hands are on her back, making her body unable to move freely. She was like a young swallow trapped by a wicked housewife. And even though she is a top-rank assassin with excellent emotional control, she can't suppress her feelings for the unknown. The woman's white cheeks are turning slightly red.

*creak*

Charlotte sneaks up on her, making the bed creak. Liz can't help but glance at her and give her a concerned look.

"Fufufu, this is the real deal from now on."

Charlotte has a cute and lovely smile. No malice can be felt there―all Innocence. However, the look of her is like a girl who was given a toy, ― making her feel cold.

"Let's see...now let's make you all neat and clean【Clean】, then..." Charlotte's smooth fingers caressed Ephemera's cheek. Gently traces her soft contours.

Her fingers slide down the neck, creeping in through the neckline and tracing her collarbone.

――What-what a strange...... strange..... feeling this is.

Facing Charlotte's intoxicating beautiful face, her graceful fingertips caressing her skin. The place where she was touched felt a tingling heat, and her spine trembled at the touch.

――No way, poison? Is she trying to brainwash me with poison?

In a sense, she's not wrong.

"Fufu, you're so cute." the all-grown-up fairy laughs.

Her lecherous gaze and smile even make her body shudder. ―A luscious, ripe, and glamorous fairy――Ephemera may not realize it, but this is what is known as bewitching.

Charlotte's face came closer as she stroked Ephemera's skin. Her emerald eyes, warped into a glamorous expression, mesmerized her, and she couldn't take her eyes off of them.

"――*kiss*. *kiss*, *lick*."

Their lips touched lips again. She nibbles on her upper lip and lower lip,

*flicked*

She licked her.

With her hot tongue. She licked her nose and smeared saliva on her cheeks. She doesn't know what she is doing to her. But the intuition of an assassin with a long history of fighting gives off the utmost dangerous warning.

"Ufufu" laughed Charlotte with a rather amused look on her face, as she lowered her body down. She generously pressed her own ample fruit against Ephemera and brought her lips close to her ear while holding her limbs.

"*lick*"

"He~e."

Out came the girl's voice.

Charlotte giggled. "Oh my, it seems Ephemera's weak spot is weak here. Let's focus on it..... *chuu*, *lick*..... *lick*....."

"Hey, stop it... Fu... It's kind of creepy... It's disgusting."

As if the wet sound sinking into her brain, accompanied by a hot, wet feminine tongue twisting in her ear. She licked and teased her earlobes and her hole. The wet, sticky, itchy sensation sends a tingle down her spine.

"Hmph, you...... uuu...... I told you to stop, uuu....."

"Kuh." ――What a superb use of the tongue.

It seems as if she has received special training. What exactly happened to her? However, no words come out of her mouth, only the sound of a distressed woman. Ephemera furrows her brow and only makes a whimpering moan. The itching sensation won't stop. Not only that, it intensifies and eventually spreads throughout her whole body.

――It was poison, after all.

And it was incredibly sweet.

then.

"Ahh!"

Charlotte put her teeth on Ephemera's earlobes. She tries to twist around, but she can't free her body. She was getting rubbed, bit, lick. By the combo of sticky tongue and hard teeth. Moreover, Charlotte herself seems to be excited, she can feel her sniffing her hair.

"Uh, hah, ah..."

It was definitely a moan. A professional assassin cries out just by having her ear teased. Sweat soaked her face, her lips trembling, and the corners of her eyes drooping.

But it was inevitable.

Sexuality does not exist in this world after all. This means that even assassins, who can endure intense torture, have zero tolerance for sexual pleasure. There is no way to develop a tolerance for something that does not exist.

In other words, an assassin's defense is like paper armor.

While the lord's wife's wife's lewd act is an ultimate limit breaker.

There is no way to compete. It is enough to beat her without any equipment. However, her fingers and tongue itself are already formidable weapons.

Her fingers reach to Ephemera's chest. While torturing her ear.

"Why are you rubbing my chest!"

"Because I saw boobs."

That somewhat makes sense ――If you sink your finger into it, you will forever remember the sweetness that permeates out of the soft fruit.

"Stop it ah......" a weak and feeble voice came out, surprising even to herself. And it contained a slight hint of arousal.

Charlotte's fingers infiltrated the delicate flesh by softly rubbing and kneading it, and as the fingers pressed down harder, the sensitivity increased. The assassin's eyes, which could be described as fearless, were smeared with drops of submissive tears, and her breath ragged.

Her chest, which was not large but still asserted that she was a woman, was made to quiver by the fingers of Charlotte, who was also a woman and as attractive and beguiling as a fairy.

The chastisement on her ears does not stop either.

"Aaaah...Nooo... Please, stop... Ahhh!"

A firmer squeeze makes her back jump. The discipline of Charlotte-sama is getting more and more heated.

"Ah!"

Then her fingers rest on the hem of her shirt. Ephemera shakes her from side to side and her eyes meet Liz's. Even though they are still enemies, she can't help but look at her as if she's pleading for help. However, Liz looked away with an awkward expression on her face.

―I'm done.

She knew that she was a woman of great ability. Whenever Ephemera came up with a statement, she can confirm or deny its authenticity and use information-based magic to compile it all together. She is a woman of character who never loses her cool.

She had this impression of her, but she never expected her to look like that.

"Ah!~~~~."

Her small but well-shaped beautiful white breasts were now exposed. Her bra was also removed. Her nipples and areola are a little large for their size. Even so, they were a lovely light pink.

Being seen naked should means nothing to her. And yet, what is this sense of urgency that wells up in her chest?

――She knows.

It was already like when she touched on top of the cloth, if it was touched directly――

"Alright, I'll join you. I agree with any bound(Geass). So stop it already!"

This assassin has succumbed quickly. But it was the sexual desire that was so shocking to her. She hasn't even tasted a hint of it yet. However, it's because she can predict that it's going to be dangerous from now on that makes her top-notch.

"But I refuse!"

"――"

Charlotte-sama made gestures with her hands. Like she was squeezing imaginary breasts. Because she is a first-class professional, she is able to see her own small breasts being tragically violated by her beautiful fingers.

"Hiii, no....."

Ephemera's tone had become that of an innocent girl. She was confident that she can endure the pain. No matter what was done to her, she had the courage to act tough. But this.

It was too unknown and different. She didn't know how to endure it or what would happen to her. Above all, the atmosphere of the practitioner, Charlotte, is something that can't be comprehended within the realm of understanding."

"Don't worry, don't worry ♪"

The wife had picked up a nasty habit from her bad husband.

Charlotte's groping, wriggling fingers descended to the exposed assassin's breasts.

"No, stop....."

That feeble plea was rather counterproductive. It makes Charlotte even more aroused.

She twisted and tried to escape, but Ephemera was unable to free her body. Her attention is rather focused on the soft, slender fingers that are slowly approaching her.

"Here♪"

"Hiii!"

Charlotte's finger bit into the soft hill. A sense of sweetness stirred Charlotte's fingers. Her two bulges were getting played with, pressed, pushed, twisted, and flavored it.

"Fufu, you look so pleasant. Your nipples have grown so much more naughty....."

"Ah?"

Ephemera dropped her gaze and was astonished. What she saw were her own nipples, which were erect to the point of looking almost sharp. It was obscene, but it frightened Ephemera, who was unaware of such a concept. She had never seen her own nipples swollen like that. Not even others. She has never heard of such a story.

And even though she wants this to stop, her "female" body seems to want more and more, which also makes her shudder.

"You, what have you done to my...... my nipple?"

"―― everything---" Charlotte grins and her mouth quirks up. But then, upon reconsidering something, she looks rather let down.

"Until this, I haven't really anything yet. But you're going to feel much, much better."

"Hhh!"

A current rushed through her as she felt a finger caressing the edge of her areola.

The twenty-nine-year-old, who has obtained the perfect toy does not relent. Innocent beings are often cruel. ――No, What Charlotte has was zero malice and 100% lewdness.

The tip of the Ephemera was obscenely erect from its rather wide areola, and it also had sesame seed-like bumps on it. Charlotte rubbed it teasingly, then gently, but never touching the center.

"As..I..said...... fu...... stop...... ku......"

More and more sweet numbness permeates through her chest.

――I can't....I can't. I can't resist this. How can I resist?

"Haaaaah......aaaah....."

The aching in her breasts increases more and more. The itchiness was so intense that she shook the small fruit and wriggled as if she wanted the center of the fruit to be touched.

"Do you want me to touch the tip?"

She looked innocent, but her face was lewd and dirty.

"If you ask me nicely, I will touch it for you, do you?"

and

She seeped in a little further into her areola. She scratched the bumps with her fingernails, pressing them.

The sensation of pleasure and her beauty is a great temptation to the assassin's rationale.

"Oh......" Ephemera growled with a pleasant look on her face. Ahhh....."

Could it be that I want her to touch it? Touch a strange-shaped nipple. Moreover, this feeling. If she touches "there", this strange feeling will surely spark even more.

――It's scary.

It's scary, but I...

"Ugh......" she lets out a weak groan.

"Fufufu" Lady Charlotte smiled glamorously.

"That's good, Ephemera. Don't you want to feel even better? Once you feel it, you will be addicted to it. You'll beg for more and more, and you won't be able to leave."

The radius that Charlotte rubs shrinks. She's scared, impatient, and frustrated by what happens when she touches "there", she wants this sensation to go away. But if she has to admit it――

――*Shrudder*, I do want it.

"――Oh, my." Charlotte looks at her troubled girl.

As her fingers leave her areola, Ephemera feels lonely. ――No, it's supposed to be a good thing.

Charlotte nodded knowingly and said, "I was too hasty, it seems. I needed to give you a taste of what it's like before I could get you to beg me."

*lick*

She moistened her petal-like lips with her pink tongue. The wet lips were so enticing that they sent a shiver down her spine.

But then Ephemera had a frightening premonition.

No way.....

"Ufufu♪"

She stared at her lips with anxiety, fear, and a little anticipation. Charlotte's lips were pouting lightly, and there was no time for her to think how cute it is. The tongue peeked out like a chittering snake into Ephemera's plump, swollen bud of lust.

"Ah...... no, that's even worse....."

"Fu~"

"Hiiii!"

Her back jerked just from the breath alone. And yet, and yet.

"Then I'll give you what you want."

A dainty pink tongue stuck out, and it brushed the Ephemera's swollen tip――

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fufu-fu-fu-"

"Huh.... huh..."

Ephemera, who had been confined with magic locks and robbed of the mobility of her limbs, was breathing hard and shivering weakly on a plush bed in the VIP dungeon, which is more luxurious than most inns.

Her exposed white skin was sweaty and somewhat pinkish.

Her obscenely swollen nipples were covered in transparent saliva and glistened wetly.

They were licked, rolled, and sucked.

――also bit.

Charlotte's touch lingering on her nipples is enough to numb her with the wonderful sensation of pleasure.

She had been "trained" from a young age to be a "shadow" who would serve as a "tool" for the nobles, but she was originally from a world without sexuality, and her resistance to pleasure was as weak as paper armor.

On the side, Liz, who is in charge of regulating the magic cell, was half stunned, however scary her eyes were. Because before she came here...

'You should watch and study my techniques. - even though Desmond-sama is the one who is going to be doing them to you.'

――I can't do it.

More than that, Ephemera now had her pants down, as well as her underwear. Charlotte was cruelly forcing her knees to open in places while her body couldn't move.

――her legs spread into an M shape.

It was obscene.

A strange fluid was overflowing from her burning slit, slightly peeking through the white, pale pubic hair and the milky pink petals of her flower.

Ephemera looked at Charlotte with her blue eyes, tears welling up in the corners of her eyes. Her cheeks were flushed scarlet, she was clearly enduring it. And Charlotte is thrilled.

"I didn't think you were that kind of person."

"Neither did I." she said, looking at Liz, "it's very exciting isn't it?"

"Please don't ask for my agreement. No comment."

Liz turned away, a disgusted look on her face.

For her, who has only learned about this through knowledge but hasn't yet felt it firsthand, this scene was still confusing and cruel. No, that was not all. She knew that next was herself. And the other party will be...

'You must be prepared.'

That's what she was told.

――I can't do it...

I'm not like those two.

"Then, I will make you feel even better."

The lord's wife was in the mood.

"Don't..." Unable to escape, Ephemera had her back against the wall. and when she sucked on the neck, she still let out a sweet sound "Nnn...".

Charlotte's slender fingers stroked her smooth skin. She imprinted a hickey on her neck and rubbed the protruding tips. Charlotte's fingers caressed the nipples of Ephemera which were wet with saliva and erect.

"Huh, ha.... uh... a.... hi..."

As she lets out a soft moan, the assassin's complexion turns a delicate pink hue. Although she was attempting to keep her eyelids closed, her lips were hanging open, and the corners of her eyes are drooping, revealing that she was already more like a "harlot" than a "woman".

Charlotte's tongue crawled like a pink lustful slug, licking and sucking the lovely fruit. She sucks, licks, and rolls her nipples, her fingers caressing her moderately toned belly. Her tongue twines around the Ephemera's burning nipples.

"Hah!"

She teased her navel. She let her fingers descend straight down, her digits dancing and swimming like a fish in a white private bush.

Her destination is 'there'.

That is the entrance to her path to her tingling womb. Even though she had no knowledge of Eroticism, her aroused instincts told her that, she desired to be touched there. Charlotte kissed, rolled, and sucked on her very sensitive nipples. She was aware of the pubic hairs that were being agitated.

"It's so damp." Charlotte says, "it's so wet, even though this is your first time, you're so naughty."

"I don't understand... what you're talking about."

She lightly brushed her teeth against her nipple. Suddenly, something poured out of the slit.

"You do understand, don't you?" And Charlotte dexterously pinched her nipples, stirring her pubic hairs, and brought her lips to Ephemera's ear "Huh, ah, ah...", her anxiety, shame, and expectations mixed together, and Ephemera was confused.

Charlotte's tongue screwed into her ear.

"Hiiiaaaa, hmmmmm, nhhhhh..."

She was tormented by the tip of a sticky and hot tongue, her nipples were tortured, and her pubic hairs were rubbed. Her fingers go down slowly. Then to a more embarrassing destination.

"Hmm, doesn't it feel good? I can tell with that cute face of yours... even here, you're incredibly wet, you know."

"Ah!"

Charlotte's fingers finally touched the spot.

She squeezed and rubbed her fingers over her pubic region to make her aware of how wet it was. She licked and nibbled at her ears, and her fingers toyed with her flesh.

"See, you can tell, can't you? Ephemera's pussy is sopping wet."

While making wet noises in her ears. By sound and feel. She can tell her nectar overflow and stick to Charlotte. Charlotte pushed her willow finger into the crack and stroked and rubbed the flirtatious membrane.

"Fuuuu.... haaaan..."

Ephemera could only shake her limbs, the limbs of a top-notch assassin, in shame, embarrassment, and pleasure like she had never felt before. Huffing and puffing, her breaths become ragged.

"'This is the honey us women made when we feel good. It's already this much."

*schlup*, Charlotte's finger dived down to the first joint.

"Ahhh~ng!"

Ephemera could only scream like a feeble girl.

Ephemera could only wail like a helpless child. Charlotte's finger felt the vaginal entrance bite down on it as the flower juice gushed.

――Is that so... Is this what feels good feels like?

Ufufu, Charlotte's voice was like a phantom fairy in her ear.

The perversion of the act and the sensuality of pleasure, which was given to her for the first time, had whittled her rationality away.

Whatever it is, poison or brainwashing, it must be.

Charlotte's fingers made a lewd wet sound as they moved in and out of the shallow pool. The slender finger dances to widen the vulva, which tightens, more and more obscene fluids flowing out of her.

"Ah.... ah..."

"Fufu, you're so naughty."

Charlotte praised Ephemera who was panting. Then she dug her fingers in further. Prodding her pleating folds, a little bit rougher.

She giggled.

A glamorous, bewitching smile.

"Is it not feel good here?"

"Ah, yaaa, haan!"

The body of Ephemera suddenly jolted.

The first-class assassin's body was violently vibrated by an electric current that she never experienced before. And it further reduces her reasoning capability.

Charlotte let out a lewd giggle and began to slide her lips and tongue down Ephemera's skin. She licked her cheeks, her nose, her lips, her tongue, and her saliva. She sucked on her neck, carefully sucked on her breasts, licked and rolled her nipples, sucked, bite, licked, and drilled her navel, and then her lower abdomen, and flipped her around.

"Ah, hah.... ah..."

Ephemera's panting is now ecstatic. Ephemera's panting was ecstatic. Her cheeks flushed and her body writhing, she begins to surrender to the passion that further sears her burning body.

"Ugh... ku... kill me..."

Hoho, Charlotte widened her eyes. The big emerald pupils seemed like they would roll and fall like real gems.

"Really, you're saying that...――Fufu it would be a waste to kill you. I want to enjoy this body more, more and more...*chuu*... and you will fall and come to this side too...come.... join me..."

"Fuu, uggg..."

Swaying like a flower.

Charlotte's shapely nose was buried in the white bushes of Ephemera. She breathed in and out, savoring the humiliation and rutting heat of a first-class assassin. Her fingers never stop moving in and out of Ephemera, rubbing against it.

Ephemera's lower abdomen was twitching with the unbearable, irresistible, sweet scratching itch.

"Ufufu, your hips are moving. You must really like it."

"Huffy.... you...are... wrong." she said.

"No, it's not. It feels so good and makes us want it more."

"*chup* *chup* *chu* *chu*."

"Hiiiiii.... aaaaahhhh!"

With a jerk, Ephemera's body sprang like a fish. Her eyes also rolled black, drool dripped down to her chest.

"Your body is honest. It's leaking more and more juices."

"Oh.... ah.... no..."

Sweaty skin, leaking nectar, and hair sticking to her forehead, she was no longer a beautiful woman in men's clothing, but degraded to a horny and moaning mess.

"It's good to be obedient. You can feel like this, more and more of it. That's why you should join us."

Charlotte speaks as if she was leading her thought.

"You will no longer be a doll. You will experience the joys of womanhood and be happy. Desmond-sama would even make you to become a mother."

Charlotte now had the expression of a maiden in love. It was a charming expression that made Liz, who was watching from the side, involuntarily jealous, and yet both Liz and Ephemera couldn't help but look at her.

"Y, you...." Ephemera said, panting. "Are you really happy now?"

Charlotte paused for a moment.

and then

"Yes."

Her face broke into a smile, like a flower blooming in the sky.

"Fu...Hahahahaha...ha!"

"What are you laughing about?"

And Charlotte dug into her folds.

"Now wasn't the right time to do that. you know~?"

Charlotte's slender finger was still stuck in her genitalia, making her squeak and her vagina clamp down on it.

"Uugh...." she moans.

"Is that so? Are you happy now?"

"Yes, that's right. If join us, you will feel good and be happy too."

Charlotte doesn't seem to doubt her words in the slightest. Ephemera can't help but chuckle.

"Well, that may be good too..." she sighs.

Born as the "Shadow" of the Swift household and raised as a "tool" and honed. While they have a duty to follow, they have no obligations. Even if they are connected by blood, there's no bond. They follow because they only know that way of life and could not imagine any other way of life.

That is how the "Shadow" is raised.

However, one day by chance, when she was in the courtyard, she met a fairy-like girl, and that girl became the window to the outside world for Ephemera. In other words, before she was completely transformed into a "shadow", she had met an existence in her childhood that would never disappear from her mind.

Now that girl has grown up, that same girl is reaching out to her, or rather, she was sticking her finger into her. Asking her to come out of the shadows and become happy.

"Hiiy, ah, hah... w-wait.....stop..."

She wants to pull Charlotte's finger out right now, but she can't since her body is bound. Charlotte puts her other hand on her thigh and pushes Ephemera's crotch wide open. Displaying her wet white pubic hairs.

"I won't stop. Because it's not enough."

And then, she looked intently at the woman she was sticking her fingers into.

"N-no..... don't.... stop....don't look..."

She twitches, shudders, and burns with embarrassment. At the same time, her rich honey was pouring out.

But The lord's wife's hands do not stop."I have to carve more pleasure into your body. I will discipline you here until you become not a just woman, but a proper one."

"What do you mean...?"

She still has no idea what any of it means, as one thought.

――*Flick*.

"Hi ~aaaaa♡♡!" ――Just now, What did she just do to me?

A lewd sensation, incomparably more intense than before was sparking. Her hip bones shook as if they were about to shatter, and her whole body trembled as she squirmed.

"Fufuーfuーfuー"

Charlotte chuckled at her.

"Your clitoris seems to be in good function."

"Clitoris...?"

Ephemera has no idea what is that.

Mistress Charlotte proudly teaches her. "It's like a penis for girls. However――" Peeling off the plump and swollen assassin's meat hood, Charlotte starts plucking at it.

"Ahh, ah, stop! nngh nniiii♡♡!!"

Sparks fly into her vision as the heat almost turns searing white. Charlotte also mercilessly rubs her vaginal walls with her fingers.

"Ah, ah, no, that's~... ♡ Ah, ahhhhh!!"

"Now, how much can you cum before you fall? *lick*."

"Eh, lick...? Nyahhh! no!! That's so slippery, hah, ah!"

The surge of lightning struck the assassin's "woman part" over and over again.

Her clit was pinched and stirred, and the walls of her vagina were rubbed and licked. She lightly bit on her clitoris, sucked, licked, and rolled around. Her tongue was also screwed into her vaginal opening.

*slurp * *slurp * *slurp*

"Ahh, hah, nnghhhh, ahhhhh!!!"

This is something no one knows. Because she doesn't know, she can't prevent it. And because she doesn't know, she is taught.

――Engraved into her being.

"Eh, afu, aaah..... no, something, something is leak...leaking....? Nooo....hhhaaa♡♡♡!!"

"That's "cumming", Now you know what it means to cum. And when you feel it again, you need to say it out loud, that will please Desmond-sama very much."

"I Know, I know! Huh, nh, cum, ahhh... it's here again! I am, haah, aah, cumming~~~~!"

The climax was more intense than anything she had ever felt before, and she convulsed, wobbling and twitching as her eyes roll back. Her lower abdomen twitched violently in front of Charlotte's face, which was attacking her around her slit.

*Splash* *Splaaaaash*

Like an incoming spring, the evidence of a raging climax mercilessly pummels against Charlotte's lovely face. But of course, she is not frightened by it - rather, she opens her mouth and moistens her throat with the droplets of the assassin's pleasure.

"*Chup*, nnn.... ―― hmmm, it's delicious....♡"

Liz is taken aback by the lord's wife Charlotte's ecstasy.

"Ugh, ah....what is going on... wetting myself...at this age..."

Ephemera was exhausted, and even though she was stunned and overwhelmed, she was still awake. Quite a first-rate assassin, you might say. Charlotte smiles at her. She's looking so good even with her current appearance, It is hard to believe that she was soaked in the assassin's juice all the way including her dress. ――No, maybe that's exactly why.

"It's okay. It's nothing to worry about. It's a sign that Ephemera is really feeling good. I wouldn't have minded if it was pee anyway――but, Ephemera, you felt good when squirted, didn't you?"

"~~~~~~!"

She smiled, no longer a formidable assassin, and tears that she should never have shown under any torture are now rolling down her cheeks. Her pale cheeks were so red that she wanted to lick them.

Then Ephemera collapsed.

"Kyah!"

"Fufu, that's a cute voice."

Charlotte caught Ephemera by the waist and turned her over on all fours. She was like a bitch begging to mate, her shoulders pressed against the sheets and only her buttocks raised, in a posture that could be described as nothing short of obscene and humiliating. The lord's wife mercilessly bring her face closer to the assassin's cleft where her milky pink pedals were peeking out.

Between her cute buttocks, her reddish rosebud.

"Fufufu, the smell is much thicker. The scent of a bitch in heat. Smells delicious..."

"N-No, stop! That's enough! I can't take any more of this..."

The frustration of Ephemera went ignored.

"Hee!" Charlotte grabbed her pleading ass. She squeezed and rubbed it. Not only was her soggy pubic hair and front hole, but also the lovely hole in the back.

*sqeeze*

And then it tightened up.

"As expected, so cute."

"Uuum, uuuuu..."

Her hips shook with a shudder. As Charlotte leaned in, she studied it mercilessly. Then she moved her lips closer to her rear hole.

"――【clean】."

"Naah!"

Ephemera blinks her eyes. After all, Charlotte had put her tongue in her asshole and cast a spell. A noblewoman's lips and tongue touched her unholy hole. That alone is a big problem, but then she used magic from there to the inside of her belly. To begin with, almost no one would have ever cast a magic to a commoner, but she used it this way...

But if she's cleaning her back hole.

"No way..."

"What do you mean by 'no way?' It's normal to play with this hole too."

――That's certainly not normal, Abnormal. A gentle stroking around her rear entrance made her let out a cute voice.

"Now, how many times, in the front, in the back, boobs or mouth? How many times can you endure?"

The voice, which was both pleasant and joyful, sent shivers down her spine. When she looked at Liz for help, she was no longer looking at them with her bright red face.

"... no, stop.... help..."

"I won't stop." The lord's wife churns.

"Aaahhhhhh ~~~♡♡♡!!!"

Hermit, the Shadow of the Swift family. Who even earned the name Ephemera was helpless in the battlefield known as the bed.

On this day, Ephemera was completely beaten to the point of exhaustion and fell completely and utterly.

The lord's wife was very pleased with her newly acquired gift for Desmond-sama.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Well, I did a lot of fucking today. Again.

――Seriously. I can't even keep my dick dry these days.

During the day, I was responsible for training maids. Katherine, a dirty oral anal professional masochist maid, showed off her full slutty potential in front of Monica, the new doggy maid.

So much for educating the newcomer...!

Well, but I also properly correct it afterward...

'Don't just act like that, okay?'

I told Monica very earnestly.

――In the bath.

While connected in the sitting position facing each other.

"I got it, I got it~ Des-sama! Ohh! I'm being disciplined, from the inside!! Ah, your semen is coming in! Haaaaaah!!"

—Um, the ideal training. Careful attention to the innermost depths of her body.

No objections are allowed. After all, I am the lord. In my domain, I am the law.

Well, Monica is also very strong, so I'm sure she'll be fine. Katherine too.

As long as the biggest problem is the fact that I'm the lord, there can be no worse issue.

But, having a beautiful girl dog maid and a beautiful maid on either side of me in the bath is the very essence of what a lord should be like. Moreover, both of them are already pregnant.

feels good.

Then, with the addition of Lady Charlotte who came barging in, we had an adventurous foursome. I don't know what she was doing until then, but she was so sexy. And when I squeezed her, she became even more radiant. Even though I fucked her a bunch today, just recalling the scene gets me all geared up again—

...

――You know what? With my recent sexual situation, isn't it getting worse by the minute?

In this world without sexuality, if it gets out, won't it be enough to take down the lord? No, in fact, it's true that I am the lord and have the power, both sides are in accord...

――How about it? I'd like to ask for a other's opinion. However, I can't leak any more info.

But even now, after the sun has set, I am still nude and waiting for my partner, whom Charlotte-sama says she has picked for me, leaving no space for debate — Seriously, I'm waiting while butt――naked.

I'm now in my bedroom.

Waiting to see, see who's coming...

*Knock knock*.

Fuhoho, here it comes. I couldn't suppress my silly crotch as it raised it head, inwardly laughing like a lord full of arrogance.

I am excited.

"Excuse me for calling so late at night, It's me, Liz Bergamot. May I have your permission, my lord?"

"――Eh? ...wait, stop! Don't enter!" I shout out a spur of Engrish as quickly as I could.

After all, I am literally naked right now!

If the other party is Liz, I might get beaten to death without a chance to explain!

I was expecting Charlotte, Katherine, Monica, or Sophie! I'm sure they would have embraced the insatiable lord's playfulness, such as waiting naked. — What? Maybe they won't?

....

Thank goodness. I'm thankful that things didn't get off early. It is rather fortuitous that she came. But why is she here at this hour? Seeking a companion for a night outing?

A-HA-HA, non a chance.

Then what else?

....

――I figured, it was about work, right? I didn't think that a wait for a partner of mine would be rewarded with an overtime job like this. Hard times for the lord these days.

With that said, I was so flustered that I ended up wearing casual work clothes instead of the nightgown that I threw off earlier.

The injury was a blessing in disguise.

And it was one step away from a catastrophic wound.

But if Liz showed up for work, I'd have to turn the switch as well. into work mode.

"Alright," I said in my best lordly voice. And then, I put all my strength into my abdomen. Otherwise, I would not be able to win against those eyes.

but,

As if Liz snickers at me for my bad attempts.

"――Fue?"

I couldn't help but let out a voice like Charlotte-chan's. No matter how handsome a man is, there would never be any demand for a "――Fue" from a man in his late twenties.

――Fue?

I couldn't believe what was in front of me so much that I had to say it twice in my mind because it was so important (actually three times?). Because Liz untied her hair, which she usually ties just at the tips, and her silver hair had spread down to her chin like a smooth curtain of mercury.

Her sharp and intimidating eyes are as scary as usual, but when the corners of her eyes reddened from embarrassment, that scary factor was actually changing direction with full force. She had also taken off her monocle. And her chest, which was disproportionately large for her petite physique, was making the thin, purple silk show its full potential.

――Yes, that was a negligee.

Her usual Girl Scout-ish outfit is nice, but this is great too.

Wait wait...

――But why?

I was stunned, my eyes darting around.

"Excuse me."

Liz said, and then she walked in. Her ample twin dunes bounced.

――No way, you're not wearing a bra?

What is this?

Aren't you doing something you shouldn't do?

As if to reaffirm that she was the one with whom I'd be having bedtime fun today...

"My lord."

"Yes."

I straighten my back, but it can't be helped. I was in my casual, everyday clothes and she was in a negligee. Liz swept her gaze and fidgeted with a blush on her cheeks...

Ehh....eeeeeh!

*Suuu* *Haaaa* she took a deep breath. Her big bulge raised up and shook in a slow rhythm.

*stare*

And her scary eyes looked at me. It doesn't always intimidate me no matter how scary it is, it depends on the kind of resolve. But now I was more pressured than usual.

"Please embrace me. Is that ok?"

*Stare*

Her eyes shook with anticipation, anxiety, and shame.

Wait, wait, wait...what!!

It is true that the nervousness in her eyes made me want to push her down. ――What? ――Wait a minute! It looks like she knows about Eros already...? Then, with my past experience, I understood.

――I need an explanation!! Charlotte!!!!!

I cried out loudly to my beloved wife in my mind. ――But there was no reply.

Dammit, I am now the ero lord, husband, master.....and now boss... (though, they are not wrong) I stand there, overwhelmed by Liz in front of me.

◇

Liz visited Lord Desmond's bedroom with a strong resolve.

She likes him.

Loves him.

She wants to say please notice me. Love me.

Well, I haven't been able to say that before.

She knew that he would occasionally look into her chest. It has been since we first met.

Although she had a bountiful bosom, she was too passionate about her work to bear a child. It was a waste of treasure. Why don't marry and have children as a "tool" like other noble's daughters? As the fourth daughter of the Earl of Bergamot, there are many people who would take interested in her. At her age, it might be difficult for her to become a full-fledged wife, but if she can join as a side room and bear a child, she would be able to play an active role as a nanny for the children of the legal wife and other concubines. That is what they say.

The size does not seem to have anything to do with the amount of milk she has, but an entrenched preconception would lead one to believe so. And those words, directly or indirectly, have been told to Liz.

―― From the old days. Like Charlotte, Liz had a chest that made everyone see her potential from an early age. But she had rejected every matchmaking proposal she was offered, saying she wanted to study hard and eventually get involved in the administration of her territory.

―― That's what she said.

Liz's father is Earl Bergamot. He was not the lord of territory as small as a cat's forehead like this remote area. Although not as venerable as the Terrace, they still held a solid position as a middle-ranking aristocrat.

The Bergamot family was, if you will, an innovationist. And Liz, who wants to study hard, is a fourth daughter. It was a serious problem for him to lose political pawns, but even if her breasts seemed to grow bigger, she had a personality that would not put up with her appearance. Rather, if he marries her to a powerful noble, won't she become the basis for conflict between the two families?

That is why the Count of Bergamot reluctantly allowed Liz to do as she wished, and she rose to fame and became a Parliamentary official in one of the administrative divisions of the Royal Capital.

However, not much has changed.

In the office, there were commoners. Some of them were women. But those on top were all men, and it was the nobles who held the power, even if they were less competent. Even if they were not necessarily competent. To these men, Liz was just an annoyance.

Being a woman, and being this excellent, Liz in her teens had already made a name for herself at a young age.

She was a prodigy, a genius.

Such a person would never be considered incompetent or inferior just because she was a woman or came from a poor background. But being a woman, Liz was not good at making friends, even among her own gender.

This was one of the reasons why she felt she was closer to Desmond.

Her colleagues envied and hated her. Liz could not handle the jealousy and envy, whether indirect or direct or outright malicious. She retaliated by solving all the problems that her colleagues struggled with in a short amount of time with solutions that their inferior minds couldn't even imagine and sent them to the higher-ups, and then she quit. Of course, they were not happy about it.

They tried to take credit for her work, as usual, but it's something that they won't be able to do no matter how hard they try from now on.

Whenever they bragged about their status and achievements, they inevitably mention Liz's contributions, and if they were asked to explain, they would be unable to, exposing their own incompetence.

As long as they're in that position, forever from now on.

It was a souvenir that could only Liz can make.

Then she came home, and when she was told to get married and be more mature, she didn't listen, and in the first place, she couldn't imagine that she could keep up with a political marriage.

It was then that Liz's dad heard about Desmond, the Damwead heretic. He was a good man, and the reason why Desmond had been locked up was because of politics in the first place. The Earl of Terrace and the Marquesses of Swift are also involved in this. In that case, let's push for her to be his official.

In other words, the intention was rather spiteful.

So, even if it never happens, if Damwead welcomes Liz as his concubine, that connection could be useful someday.

That was his intention.

Although he thought it was unlikely.

Of course, Liz easily saw through her father's intention at that time. She was 16 years old.

Putting aside the subject of a political marriage.

Rumor had it that the "Aldora Territory" was a territory in name only, It's a barren village in a remote area that had been forced to take the fiefdom label. If that's the case, wouldn't it be worthwhile for her to fix it as an official?

The "Damwead Heretic" is a strange guy, they say. I hope that is strange in a good way. I wouldn't hold my breath, but I might be entrusted with a big job.

However, what she could do was paperwork. Land improvement, territory management --she could handle internal affairs, but she was an outsider when it came to building up a territory that doesn't even have developed land in the first place. The work she did before and the results she achieved were improvements and solutions to things that already existed. This time it was different.

――It's over.

Damn it.

But Desmond did it.

With a technique that it's almost like he's cheating.

With surplus magic and mysterious spells, he thoroughly improved the land from the ground up.

The way he did it, it was like a natural disaster, making people wonder if he was faking it. And if the lord was capable of such a feat, he would probably manage the internal affairs of the land by himself.

――I thought so.

――I really thought that, but

'It's better if you do it. You can get the job done much faster and more accurately than I can.'

He easily entrusted me with the job.

And as Liza further demonstrated her competence, he was impressed and allowed her to expand her role, without any opposition.

It was the first time she had ever had a good feeling about a job, other than the substantial evaluation of her work.

―― to the point of being sickeningly uncomfortable.

To top it off.

'Liz, are you okay with your workload? I'm sorry for being an incompetent lord. I may not be of any use to you, but if you can't handle it, don't hesitate to tell me.'

' Well, did I make a mistake...? I'd appreciate it if you could tell me.'

'Oh, this one too...'

――Don't touch my work!

'I'm so glad you came. This place wouldn't survive without you.'

―― Kuh, this bastard...

The man seemed like a typical weak-minded man, but he didn't let that affect his work or become lazy. Instead, he tried to fight Liz's work ethic and showed concern for her. He meticulously handled his responsibilities as a lord.

Aside from domestic affairs, and being literally sealed to the Aldra territory, he had little to no diplomatic work to do. The lord's job was to inspect the territory and worry about the people, coming up with plans for their lives.

That was more than enough.

Moreover, his ideas were interesting. It made her understand Randolf's feelings. Some of them made no sense and made her feel awkward as if he was from another world.

Before she knew it, she was drawn to the man. And her eyes start to follow him.

*stare*

And it ended up adding extra strength to the already scary eyes. He seemed to be afraid or uncomfortable with it ―― which shocked her more than a little. In the beginning ―― In the beginning, it was rather funny to see him desperately trying to hide it, but still trying to treat her normally.

And then ―― the breasts.

Yes, this story was leading to the boobs matter in the first place.

While following his eyes, She noticed that he often kept looking at her big, bulging chest. ―― although, that had been the case from the beginning.

Initially, she thought he was thinking the same thing as other guys. But she quickly realized that was not the case. His eyes on her large perky breasts were different from those of the other guys. Liz, who had been exposed to the starring early ages, could even tell the nature of the other man's stare.

There was nothing behind his gaze, he was just looking at her breasts. He just sees Liz's breasts just for the sake of seeing breasts, not for any other reason, such as raising children.

――Why?

Could it be that he likes breasts?

――I don't think so.

――Do you want to touch them?

If that's the case, I wouldn't hesitate to let you touch ――No, no, that's not it!

In this world without eroticism, there is no meaning in touching breasts. Nevertheless, it is an important organ for women to nurture children. They touch it just to confirm it.

Make sure she can raise his child.

――that's all of it.

Though not all of them are like that.

But...

Bare his child?

Raise his child?

Desmond-sama's.... wife?

Kyaaahhhh!

Liz's face flushed bright red as she realized it. Her heart blazed brightly in the depths of her large meaty chest.

Since then. I could only call him "My lord".

――It is embarrassing, still...

How many times have I thought about how to get him to receive her as a concubine, or better yet, to slip the concubine contract into the papers I got him to sign?

――In the end, I couldn't do it. There was no way I could have asked him to accept me as his wife.

Now I asked him to embrace me.

It was all his fault. He had not signed me for a lifetime contract as his wife instead of a contract of employment as an official. But I am sure that he would continue to use me as a Parliamentary official even after we were married.

And it was also Charlotte's, or rather Katherine's, fault.

She looked so happy to be pregnant with his child, they looked so loved and cherished, and ―― I don't think this is a healthy thought, they seem to forget me and just looking at each other.

――Desiring...

――Seeking and being sought after.

――How enviable! Damn it!! Shiiit!

However, Liz, who still couldn't bring it all by herself, was told...

'If you don't go today, I will discipline you too. Like this.'

'O.... Onee-sama.... more, more oh... Haaan♡♡!!'

'Hey, Ephemera, you're not my pole sister yet.'

'Sorry, ahhhhh! '

'Or, would you rather have me tie you up with ribbons and throw you in his bedroom naked ?'

――I didn't have a choice!

However, this was a good opportunity.

I've had feelings for him for several years since I started working for him.

I knew he thought I was a workaholic and not interested in romance.

"Please hug me."

I said.

Then he made up his mind and embrace me.

"I thought it was wrong to have such feelings for Liz."

I thought he was so naive for not noticing, yet I was so touched that he cared so much about me that I couldn't show him the face I had buried in his chest. I couldn't say bad things about Katherine now.

"But now, I won't need to hold back these feelings anymore, do I?"

The lord held Liz's delicate back as she told him of her feelings. Unexpectedly, I was a little jumpy and couldn't raise my face up.

I was embarrassed to have dressed like this, but it was worth it.

However, it's still embarrassing nonetheless...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ummmmm.....eeeehhh....really....

Apparently, Liz was my partner for tonight's night duty.

Moreover, according to what she told me, it seems she has had feelings for me for a long time. Seriously, I didn't realize I had become popular.

No, even if I had noticed, and even if Liz had approached me, I couldn't have responded to her feelings because of Charlotte, who was also an important daughter from another family.

But that was before!

And now...

Anyway, I made Liz sit on the bed to calm both of us down. Right beside me.

Me in regular clothes and her in a negligee.

――Really, the realization that she came to visit me was amazing.

Of course, I didn't dislike Liz.

To be honest, I was afraid of her, and I was still in complete shock at the thought of touching her, considering she was all devoted to her work, but there was no way I, as a lord, could embarrass a girl who said she loved me and wanted me to hold her.

――Ahh.

Besides.

When she told me she had feelings for me, it brought out my feelings for her too. I couldn't believe I also had feelings for Liz. Even though I had always claimed to love only Charlotte, it seems I'm easily swayed.

However, it was rude to be thinking about another woman, not even my own wife, while Liz was leaning against me in a thin purple negligee, blushing red up to her ears.

I've decided to focus on Liz now.

――Gufufu.

"Milord?"

"Yes."(informal)

I startled.

Shit, I can't shake the feeling that's seeping into my body.

"Yes....?"

*stare*

Her eyes glared up at me ―― the stare was bare without her glasses. But her cheeks were red and her ears were flushed, making my heart race with forbidden desire.

This is bad, Liz's innocence is rubbing off on me!

I should have gotten used to this. Despite having grown accustomed to girls due to recent sparks of sexual desire, this is different...

"Sorry, it seems like I'm nervous."

I said honestly.

Liz then cocked her head to my shoulder.

"Me too."

――Uwaaaaa! Uwaaaaa!

The lord's life is already at zero! Even though I should have been able to win against a girl, I can't do it. Noooo!...

Although I intentionally tried to respond in my mind in a distasteful way, the way she rubbed up against me like a cat made me feel even tenser.

And then, "With that reaction, it seems that my lord really didn't notice my feelings."

Therefore, please stop using that slightly sulky tone! Otherwise, I won't be able to resist hugging you...

However, I can't let myself be embarrassed by a girl...

"Ah..."

As I wrapped my arm around her shoulder, Liz flinched and looked up at me with a mix of anxiety, anticipation, and embarrassment in her eyes.

I usually find her eyes scary, but when she looks at me in a way I've never seen before, I can't help but love her. Then, she looked up at me.

"Nn..."

Liz closed her eyes, lightly pouted her lips, and lifted her chin.

――A【Kissing face】.

It was one of the 48 techniques that could kill a virgin. If I were a virgin, I would be in my grave right now. But I was tormented by a fresh sensation that made my heart almost jump out of my mouth. This girl really knows about eroticism...

I really want to interrogate Charlotte about it.

However, when she presented those alluring pale pink lips to me...

"Hhh."

She let out a small sigh.

It was just a gentle kiss without any deep exploration. Normally, I would have greedily sucked on her lips, and entwined my tongue, but I felt like I had reverted back to being a virgin. As if to prove hers, there was a tingling sweetness and warmth clinging to the part of her lips that I had touched.

Our lips parted.

"So this is what a kiss is..."

"That's right."

Liz put her fingers to her lips and smiled fondly.

"I can still feel my lord's touch."

"...Me too."

"Is that so."

"That's right."

―― *silence*. Then Liz looked at me with her lips pressed tight.

So I continued to look at her.

Her eyes, which should have been dark brown and scary, are now moist. My heart palpitated and I felt a little out of breath.

Kuuuuu.... wha-what is this? I feel really itching. But I think this feeling is not bad.

Liz said with a somewhat vacant look in her eyes, "I expected my lord would do something more intense. Like you do to Lady Charlotte and the others."

"No, it's not right in this mood."

Please don't underestimate the air-reading abilities of modern Japanese people. No, I'm sorry. I'm just a chicken-shit who can't act so dominant.

――Eh...?

"Like I do....with Charlotte and others?"

"Yes." said Liz.

"It started when Katherine told me to hide in the closet... to watch the affair between my lord and Charlotte"

"――"*Cough*(vomits blood). So that's how you learn it...

You useless maid, how about a full course of punishment later?

"Then Lady Charlotte called me over and I watched as you and she did things and what she did to you. She even hurried me to see you in this dress, or else..." Liz hesitated to say more.

Gulp.

I swallow my saliva. I'm really curious about what would have happened if she didn't follow her. Was it better if it was carried out or not?

"So, I'm prepared for whatever you have in store, my lord," Liz said, looking at me with her trembling eyes. She's already this resolved? ――That's brave. "I know that you like breasts, my lord...but, it would be nice if you could be gentle."

"――"...Ehh, that's quite making opposite effect, it agitates men beyond measure, does she know that? Calm down, calm down, be a gentleman, be a gentleman.

"I also made up my mind."

"Okay, that's good."

"――right"

I could tell she was nervous, but my heart was about to explode too. My crotch was bulging, but honestly, I just desired her more than that.

"Oh..."

I ran my hand around the back of her head and stroked her hair, and she jumped and her eyes swam. Her eyes are as hard as ever, only they were moist and filled with desire for me.

"Nnghhhh!"

Liz moaned in muffled confusion. I had already taken her lips. But I stole them again. I held her head to prevent her from escaping, and I nibbled on her upper lip and lower lip.

*slurp*

"~~~~~~!!!!"

I could feel her limbs jerking. Of course, this was probably not the only way she came. Confusion and bewilderment made the delicate Parliamentary official squirm. I didn't care, I just kept tonguing her and rubbing my tongue all over her, making her wet and slick.

"Mmmm, mmmm, mmgh!"

The woman's mouth let out surprised moans as she feel the tongue of another person for the first time.

――Liz's tongue is delicious. Everybody tastes different and good in their own way. That's why I can do this forever.

"*Chu, chu, chu, chu ku...*"

Our mouths made a sound that sent tingles down my spine just by listening to it.

"Nn, nn..."

Liz let out a moan, but she didn't resist. It was inevitable that her body would stiffen. On top of that, she even wriggled her tongue on her own in a faltering attempt to respond to my tongue.

――my heart was about to burst.

――I didn't even know if my lungs are taking any air right now.

I just felt the soft and hot wetness of Liz's tongue and licked all over her mouth. Gums, the underside of her tongue, cheek, and even her soft palate. I inserted my tongue deep into her mouth, invited her tongue into my mouth, and sucked up its nectar.

The tissues of our mouths seem to melt together, mixing and blistering.

I poured my saliva into her mouth.

"Nn.... nnggu.... kkkuu..."

Liz swallowed it obediently.

Haah, I just can't get over how sweet she is to me anymore.

It seems that I like Liz more than I thought I did.

"Puuh~ah!" We gasped in breaths like drowned fish.

Saliva dripped from Liz's pretty lips.

I wondered who it belonged to.

"I told you to be gentle..." She said with resentful stern eyes. Tears were pooling at the corners of it.

I told you it's counterproductive. Still, be a gentleman, me.

"Sorry, I've been wanting Liz for so long now. But it's not that Liz is unwilling either."

"... ugh...shit..."

she turned her face away, and her silver hair swayed softly.

"Is it no good?"

"No, it's not bad..."

*stare*

She glared at me with a resentful look. But this still didn't scare me at all.

"Is my lord going to act like this as soon as I belong to you now?"

when she looks at me with resentful eyes like that...

I was tempted to push her down right then and there, but stay cool, stay cool, me!

"I don't mean to act that way. However, Liz should be aware that when you act cute like that to a man --no, to me, I might lose my self-control."

And, just like that.

"Wha-?! Please don't make fun of me, D-don't tease me by calling me cute! Just because we have this kind of relationship doesn't mean- I mean, did you not find me scary before?!" Liz was flustered and squirming, trying to resist. But her ears were getting so much redder.

"You're so cute!"

"Hou!?"

"I admit that I was afraid of you at times, but I still think you're cute. You are a lovely woman."

"~~~~~~eh!!!!"

"Wait, are you blushing?"

She quickly covered her face with both hands.

"You're so cute," I said, grabbing her hand.

"Ah, my lord, wait-!" She continued to struggle, but I kept holding onto her.

"Ah, that."

And I say.

"I'd prefer it if you called me by my name instead of 'my lord'."

And then.

*Kaaaa*

Liz's face became even redder. I wonder how red she can get.

"That's embarrassing..."

*Thump*

And then, I felt a punch to my heart.

"Could it be that's why you always call me 'my lord'?"

"U-um, yes! Yes, that's right! I admit it, so please don't tease me anymore! No comment!"

"I don't want to. I still want you to call me by my name." I pressed on.

"Gu-uuu..."

Even though she glared at me with a scary look in her eyes, her face was bright red, it was the cutest thing. I chuckled and pushed her down onto the bed while still holding her hand.

"Ah, ah...uuu..."

Really, I wonder how red her face can get.

"Mmmm!!" and then I cover her lips with my lips. I inserted my tongue and rubbed them together. I sucked her saliva and made her swallow mine.

"Nnghhhh, nn... ♡" her tongue rolling around in defeat. She sucked it.

I Suck and suck, enjoying it to the fullest.

"Pu~a"

The silver bridge glistened and broke off between the tongues, which were being stretched out with reluctance until the very end.

Tears welled up in the corners of her eyes as she gasped for air. But her eyes were vacant ―― flirtatious.

"I think I'm a terrible person."

"If you understand that...."

"But I can't stop. Liz is so cute. I want you so bad."

"u!!~~~~~~!"

Her eyes widen and she looks away. I can't help but chuckle.

"This.... my lord."

"It's Desmond, is it not?"

"F-Fine!" The look of frustration on her face is irresistible.

"If that's the case, I also have a request."

"Oh, what is it? Do tell." I respond in the manner of the lord.

"In that case, De-Des."

"You bit your tongue."

"Goddamn"

Her frustrated expression is irresistible, I'm going to kiss you more if you don't hurry you know?

"Well, then, Desmond-sama, please speak to me informally too, like t-that time....you're with...."

The corner of Liz's eyes turned red.

What is this powerful creature? I think it can even compete with Charlotte, the two have different strong points. Although, Charlotte is the best, non-negotiable.

And...

You really were peeking, weren't you?

My expression suddenly turns distant.

"...Alright. Then, let me speak like this. So you can be as informal as you like here. I you all right with it?" ―― Though the situation feels pretty informal already.

"――Yes.... Desmond-sama."

Liz's eyes relaxed, looking pleased. Still, her face remains red.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Nnghhhh, nghhhh, aaahh!"

I'm not going to be able to stop myself when she makes a face like that. I suck on her lips.

I twist my tongue inside her mouth and watch her face as it reaches down and rubs her tongue.

"Open your mouth."

"Y-yesh."

The expression on her face is very sweet. Her lips are trembling slightly with shame, and there is a pool of my saliva in her mouth.

"Swallow it."

"...nku....weirdo."

"Yes, I am. But doesn't that mean this naughty Parliamentary official who already knew this and came to me is one too? *kiss*."

I licked her ear. Her silver hair is lovely and shiny, as expected of a wonderful noblewoman. I kissed her face and nibbled on her neck while smelling her beautiful hair.

I put red marks on her to assert that she was mine.

"Haah, ah.... Desmond, -sama..."

Her voice is sweet. Her hand goes around my back and wiggles like a lusty caterpillar.

With this reaction....it seems it is true that Liz has been watching some of my lovemaking. The fact that she's the one demanding it from me makes me happy.

――but,

I can't help but think.

I'm so sorry, wife!!

Now back to the topic, I can't help but be pleased with her reaction. And this is probably Liz's first time. The fact that she was so eager to seek me out like this was more than enough to make me happy.

It makes me want to give her plenty of love and affection.

Softly, gently, and with a lot of passion.

――Gufufu.

"Ah, Desmond-sama.... as I thought, you like my breasts..."

That's what she said to me when I buried my face in those big Charlotte-tier boobs.

You know, I can't help it.

Because, there're boobs, right there.

Desmond

"Can't I?" I tried not to let my tone become too smug.

"I-it's not that....this.... for the first time in my lige, I am glad I have big breasts."

I can't hold back if you say that, you know?

"... Aah! Oh, Desmond-sama.....♡"

I pressed my face against hers, and she squealed with delight.

No bra. no bra!

With the thin negligee, I could enjoy the soft and smooth elasticity directly. I rubbed it from the under, scooping it up and squeezing it, and brushed my face against it.

I never thought the day would come when I can enjoy these tits of Liz's!

Your lord's lord is already fully erect!

But.

"Are you afraid of having this done to you, Liz?"

"Yes, I do."

――um, instant answer.

"But...." she said.

"But?"

Liz looked a little awkward and said, "I saw Charlotte-sama and the others were very happy when Desmond-sama asked them to do this. I know I'm not completely comfortable with it, but it....."

"It makes me happy that you also desire the same thing from me."

*Stare!*

Wow, that was quite intense. But she's welling up with tears at the corner of her eyes and her face is quivering, bright red, and reaching up to her ears... Hmm, that doesn't look too bad.

Actually? This is quite nice. I poke Liz's twin dunes from below.

"Kuh.... uuuuu, please don't play with my breasts."

"But Liz is happy to be wanted, isn't she?"

*Poyon poyon poyo poyon*

Ooh, this is the best.

I knead and massage the treasure that I have finally obtained (literally) and feel them out.

"Oooh, fu.... ahh..."

"You make such a cute voice Liz. You should let it out more, I want to hear your pretty voice, and it will make you feel better too."

"Uuuu.... you say the same thing as Lady Charlotte...."

――Fuhihi, Really. I'm really sorry, my legal wife!

Also, I wonder what in the world she taught Liz.

I'll definitely have to pay close attention to her body.

"So embarrassing...." Liz's soft voice echoed.

I felt a shiver run down my spine.

My instinct tells me to tease her, causing me to lock on two bumps pushing up against the thin negligee. ――Gufufu.

I wonder what Liz's nipples look likeー♪

What? I sound like a dirty old man just now? No, no, no, I'm twenty-eight, okay? (This life)

*Press*♪

"Ahh♡!"

Liz's petite body sprang up when I pressed her needy spots. Evidently, she was startled by the sound she just made. She pressed her mouth shut hurriedly and sends me a resentful glare, but such a thing right now is like a reward for me. I push that pleasure button teasingly. Both of them.

――Double boob push!

Punyuu, Punyuu♪

"Nuu! Fuu, nn, uuuu!"

Liz held her lip desperately as she bounced and jerked. It's so fun... so much fun, the pleasure just won't stop. For the first time, I felt like I was winning against her.

What about work matters?

Don't talk about work right now.

"Ah, Noo, this, this.... Nuuuu!"

"Liz, you seem to be very sensitive here. Have you been touching yourself lately? *sqeeze* *sqeeze*."

"Stop, you degenerative! fuck!"

"Hey, that's not the appropriate thing for a girl to say! You're the one who's going to get fucked, okay? understand?

I pressed her nipples into her boobs meat and twirled it.

"Hiii.... ahhh.... stop..."

"I won't. Cause you look like you are having such a pleasant time. Liz feels so good when her tits are played with, doesn't she? Look, Your nipples, they're getting harder and harder."

"Ya...that's not true... Nnnn! .....you're so mean."

At that moment, an electric current surges through me.

What is this creature? Holding her mouth with her hand, all teary-eyed and pouty, her face redden to her ear. She seems to have a different attack power than Charlotte. In Charlotte's case...

――Umm, Charlotte is cute, enough said.

But,

In the case of Liz, it feels like I'm feeling my heart ache every time.

I wonder if I can endure it?

――I will.

Because, I am, the Lord.

Desmond

――Well, that was quite embarrassing, even for me.

But it's her fault that I am like this.

"It's Liz's fault that Liz is so cute."

"Fu~ah!? As I said, I'm not cute...." she said, seriously confused.

I looked her straight in the eye with honesty and said, "I'll tell you, you're on the same level as Charlotte."

"Oh, really? But I am not..."

Sounds like she really believes that. If that's the case, it's my duty as her employer to show her the truth.

I caught her hand.

I forced her to remove it from her mouth.

And then

"Nuu!...n...nuu..."

I put my lips on hers and latched on her tongue, and she immediately returned it to me.

I teased her tongue happily, pushing it in.

I move my fingers, stroking her skin over the top of her negligee.

"...Uh, uuu..."

Her body twitched and tensed at the man's fingers crawling over her skin. It fueled my lust and pleasure to no end.

I stroke her thighs.

Then to her ass.

Liz's ass is also very nice. She is dressed like a girl scout and has a small frame - then there are the boobs. I never paid much attention to her hips. But this.

"I think you're going to give birth to a very healthy baby."

*Grap!*

I captured her ass.

"Aah! Desmond-sama...y-you mean...your b-baby..."

"Isn't it obvious? I'm not going to let you accept any man but me." I said, rubbing and squeezing her ass.

Liz moaned softly,

her skin moist and sweaty.

"You don't like it? You don't want to have my baby?"

"I-It's not that....that's also one of my dreams so..."

Fufufu, you say the cutest things." Aah!" It makes my butt rubbing even more enthusiastic.

"Then, do you have any other dreams?"

"Y-Yes..."

Liz hesitates for a moment, then says

"I-I want to be..... Desmond-sama...wife."

――Too precious!

Why do you keep attacking my heart every time?

My life point is about to run out. But...

"Is it no good...?" she asked hesitantly.

As I said, stop doing it! and where is the usual *stare*?!

I lift up the hem of Liz's negligee, letting my passion take over. I exposed her raw tits to the world. Her breasts were magnificent, full, and plump. Her nipples are light pink and the areolas are very delicately shaped.

It is a nipple that wants to get defiled.

"Aaaah.... please don't look... mmmm!"

I shut her mouth and closed her lips with mine, screwed my tongue in, and forced her to swallow my saliva. Then, I squeezed her exposed boobs mercilessly.

Even with this kind of rough treatment, ButI knows that Liz's body, which is now on fire, is perfectly capable of handling it. My prior experience with sex with Charlotte and others is just now for show.

"Nnnn, nnnn, nnnn, nnnn..."

As I thought, Liz is very sensitive there. It is even more so when I rubbed them raw. I caught her puffy nipples and ground them. She shuddered and moaned into my mouth. Liz's hips began to twist and turn against my hips. I push my stiff, hot, rod against her crotch.

Liz jumped.

She was now a little rabbit who had no choice but to be eaten by me. No matter how scary her stare was, or how many times she was able to reduce me to a mere signer, she is mine now.

After I've tortured her nipples enough, I stroke her soft skin and sweep my fingers down her inner thighs.

"Fuu! Nh, uhhhhh!"

Pu~ah! and when she was freed from my lips, she arched her chin up, squealing. Her white throat looks delicious to behold.

"Ahh, Desmond-sama, you are so rough. Please be more gentle..."

"I can't do it after your adorable reaction. You have to be more conscious of your own attractiveness. You are driving me insane."

"M-me?.... but..."

Her face was ecstatic even though she said I was too rough. She was breathing heavily, though there were tears in the corners of her eyes, and her cheeks flushed. It would be a lie to say that there was no anxiety in her eyes.

――It's a look of a prodigal girl who is ashamed to show her face.

"Yes, it's your fault. You're so attractive, you make me feel like an animal. *lick*, *lick*."

"Fu~... ah..."

I move down, raining kisses all over her white skin.

"*Chub, chub, chub*..."

I left hickeys on those big white juicy fruits. licking, sucking, and biting her nipples with my lips and lightly. *bite* *bite*... ♪

"Ahhhh, ahhh! Desmond-sama is sucking my nipples... I am being held and loved by Desmond-sama..."

"Oh, yes, I really love it... *lick* *lick*..."

What? who says I only love her boobs? I will not torrarte such a crass jab.

I continued to lick and suck further down. Her belly, which is moderately plump, her cute navel, and her skin, which is moist and sweaty, have just the right amount of acidity, producing a deliciously sweet taste that makes me want to lick it all over.

Continuing on, I reached for her string panty.

It seemed to be a very simple design for a noblewoman. Charlotte's were richly decorated with lace, and Katherine's and even Monica's were designed in a way that gave them a sense of luxury.

Liz, on the other hand, had a white base and a small black ribbon.

――I was so disappointed.

But If I had been a virgin, I would have died for sure. Perhaps this oblivious assassin deserves the title of assassin more than that spoiled maid.

All right, let's punish her.

I push up Liz's thighs and make her spread her legs wide.

"Ah, ah, no, that's embarrassing! Desmond-sama. Uaaah..."

Liz sheepishly covered her face with both hands. But her eyes peered out between the crevices between her fingers.

――You little..!

Ah, well, Liz was right to feel ashamed. Because this is the first time I've performed sexual techniques on her. And she is definitely a virgin.

Nevertheless, I can't help but feel ashamed...

When it comes to the kind of woman who looks at you through her fingers, though, I'm willing to go on with it. But I don't know if I'd be okay with a girl who's experiencing her first time wearing this kind of panties.

Up until now, I really should have hesitated.

I'm a little hesitant now.

Then.

"Desmond-sama...?"

The eyes of a prodigiously pretty girl are looking at me.

If there was a window, like in a game, it'd say.

『Liz looked at you with bedroom eyes. Do you want to do it?』

→YES!

*Schlick* *Schlick* *Schlick*

"Ahh, aaaahhh!"

She was already soggy and wet. It was hard to believe that this was her first time. I act like a dog and pressed my nose against them, breathing hard and enjoying it.

The aroma of a bitch that has bloomed to entice the male.

I had to taste the virgin nectar while I still can because it is only available for a limited time. And that is my duty as a lord.

A job that is more important than being a signer...

Let's stop saying that. ――Un.

But this is impossible to stop. Liz's honey-soaked panty should be registered as a gourmet honey, approved by the lord. And once you've had your fill, you can peel off the string panties and enjoy the raw sensuality.

A sinful two-serving.

――Hmm, it's so good.

I looked at the silver pubic hairs and softly rubbed the flesh.

"Wait, Desmond-sama! You can't touch that place.... uh....."

I can tell the difference whether it was through the panty or raw right away. Liz twisted uncomfortably. But this girl never closes her legs or resists. Does she want to be loved that much? I am so happy thinking about it.

*sniff.*

"Ohhhh.... he's watching me, deep inside my vagina, deep inside my vagina, Desmond-sama...weirdo..."

"You're the one to say, it's Liz who is letting me do it. Besides, Liz's pussy is so cute. Your virgin membrane is also now fully visible, and it's milky pink ―― so beautiful and looks very tasty."

"No, please don't give me that kind of evaluation!"

"But it's true. It's important to appreciate the facts as they are, isn't it? It's also true that Liz gave up her virginity to me. *lick*"

――Ummm, sweet and sour and delicious.

"Ahhhhhh! licked...You really licked it... Nh, nuuuuuu!"

Liz squeezed her eyes shut and shuddered.

Still, it keeps overflowing with newly made thick honey. I moved my tongue earnestly while burying my nose in silver pubic hair.

"Delicious, delicious."

"Hynnn! Ha.... ahhh♡♡!!"

Liz's virgin nectar gushed forth, becoming increasingly sweet, thick, and irresistible. to lick and slurp it up plenty and make sure it was safe for me to penetrate her.

I don't want her first time to be painful.

"*Lick, lick, lick, lick, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp*"

"Ah, ahhh, ahhhh! I...I'.....nnnnnnn♡♡"

Liz arched her back slightly. Her honey spurts out. Her nipples were erect and her breasts bounced seductively.

Diligently, carefully.

I nibbled on the lovely petals, ran my tongue over, and teased the opening. I peeled, ate, sucked, licked, and rolled the lovely, swollen little meaty bean.

"Haaaaaa!!! aaa♡♡!! You always do this kind of thing to them... Ah, ahhhhh~~~~♡♡♡! ! "

*splut* *splut*

The amount of nectar was becoming too much. The lovely little rosebud is getting wet. I wanted to abuse it too, but I was afraid to go that far from the very first time. While playing with her clit, I put my tongue into her vulva and started to thrust it lightly.

"Fuuuu! I can feel it! Desmond-sama's tongue is... going in and out."

"That's the place where you'll take my penis. I have to make sure it's relaxed so that I can properly enter Liz's deepest part. To make Liz my wife, to make sure you'll be able to have my baby."

"Uh-uuuuu...Please don't say it..."

――That's what she said herself.

Besides, she knows exactly what it means, and that makes me feel good.

*schup*

Then, I inserted my finger.

"Heeah! a finger...? not yet...?"

Liz trembled. Her skin was pink and sweaty, and even I almost couldn't resist the urge to plunge into her right now.

"Don't be so hurry. I'll put my penis in you when I get it just right."

"That's not what I mean! Nh, ah, Desmond-sama is moving.... inside my vagina, nh, heea, nyaaaa...♡"

I rubbed Liz's walls and moved my fingers around.

The overflowing love juice became frothy, and her walls squeezed my finger.

I lightly swirl my finger around to loosen the entrance.

――Oh, I can tell just by the way I'm feeling it. This pussy must be a perfect match for me.

In my pants, my stupid son is pulsing and insisting that I let him join as soon as possible.

Wait a minute. I'm almost there. Just a little more...

"Ahhhhh, waaa, ahhhhhhh!"

I couldn't afford to give Liz any slack. Her vagina is now wriggling nicely. Guchuuuuh, it's such a lewd sticky sensation. She grips the sheets and writhes from the waist down, so beautiful. No longer caring about her cute moaning, she simply squirms and wriggles from the pleasure I give to her.

*Pussh* *Pussh*

Her honey spewed out.

――Good. Now it's your turn, little Des.

I quickly took off my shirt and began to undo my belt.

Liz's scary eyes were vacant, and tears were pooling in the corners of her eyes. Drool spilled from her parted lips, which would be licked away as soon as I go down on her.

"Ah... that is.....dick..."

Liz's mouth quirked at the exposed lump of lust. Instead of frightened, the corner of her mouth quirked up.

――what? Did I screw her too much?

Oh well, if Liz wasn't scared.

With my burning male pole, full of throbbing veins and filled with energy, I was ready to take Liz's body. I positioned myself before putting it in, and I began to thrust into the hot, boiling, virgin tunnel.

*Chup*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Kuhh, even with all the preparations, it still feels pretty good..."

I rubbed the tip of my meat against her slit, smearing it with my pre-cum.

"Huh, ahhh..."

Liz jerked and jerked at the male organ touches on her female flesh.

After rubbing against it for a while, I make a move.

*Schurp*!

"oooh!"

Liz's eyes widened as the tip dug in.

"Ha...." her rough breath caught and twitched." Nn.... Desmond-sama is in me..."

"C-c'mon."

"Oh yes. But if you're hurt, tell me right away."

"Y-yes...Haa... Ah"

I thrust my hips forward. Liz's juices flowed out of the hole that had been widened by the tip of my cock. Insertion seemed probable once I thoroughly moistened her, but Liz's body's reaction was astounding. Even just the tip in, it already feels like she's sucking on me, it's so obscene.

Of course, I'd love to get all the way in, but...

"Oh oh...amazing.... feels so good...." she said.

The soggy woman's flesh entwines with an ever-increasing area of contact. A pulse of pleasure is transmitted like a jolt from my pole to my hips

"Ha, ah, haah..."

She huffs and puffs, bewildered to accept me, seemingly feeling the invading burning meat with every fiber of her being. Her large, big tits are swaying as she puckered, light pink nipples moving hypnotically. I want to violate her deep inside and devour her petal-like lips.

Those eyes are moist and eager with lust, they look at me with a flirtatious gaze, but it is also filled with anxiety, anticipation, and shame.

"Ha.... oooh..."

"You okay, Liz?"

"N, no problem..."

"Oh...."

I move my hips forward. I continue working my way up into the meaty avenues that no one has ever entered.

I had already taken a number of virgins with lotion. Since remembering my previous life I've had quite a bit of sex with ladies, I had taken Katherine, Monica, and now Liz. Liz was the third.

――And yet.

Her innocent reaction made me feel as if I were a virgin again, plus the sheer sensation of it...

For comparison, Charlotte and I are like are made for one another. The sensation of melting sensuality. It's like she and I were born as a pair.

Katherine is so devoted, while Monica has the tight vagina of a young girl, and Sophie embraces me with so much love. But Liz!

"Ouh!"

The meat tip touched some resistance. It's her virgin membrane. If I break it, I will own her, and Liz will become a woman.

Her vulva was squeezing me like she was pampering a child. The folds of her vagina were already starting to stir, making for an exquisite embrace.

It's wonderfully relaxing...!

What's more, it's like she's pampering me...!

I thought she was all about work and was even afraid of her, but I didn't know she had such a nice pussy... This is a sweet pussy made for pampering. Her pot of depravity.

"Liz!"

I called her.

"Desmond-sama.... fuha..."

she knows that there was something in 'there'. And if I Press my hips forward. It would then be ripped open.

"Come, please. Make me yours... Desmond-sama, my husband, my darling."

――Gghh!

Stop!

Those words stabbed through my heart from such close range (heartbreak shot). I'd like to praise my efforts for not ejaculating right away.

"Liz, you... You.... you cute little thing."

"I-I'm not cute... ah!"

And...

I pushed my hips in.

I felt a plop sensation and with a sudden thrust, I was deep inside her.

"Guuuuuuuh!"

*sqeeeeze*!

Her whole being tightened up. The folds of her vagina twitched in rapture, trying to spoil me and squeeze the cum out of me with all her might. *twitch* *twitch* my dick jumps.

I held back my ejaculation.

The gold and silver pubic hairs intertwined, and I could feel the slimy liquid overflowing from our pressed joints.

"Ooohhh, ahhh, haaaaah!"

"Liz, are you okay?"

"I feel... great.... oooh..."

"Take it easy, I won't move for a while."

Even if I don't move, I'm going to ejaculate if I'm not careful.

*sqeeze*

And her meaty jar tightened.

"Huh.... thank you.... mmm..."

I let her arm go around my back as she tensed up. I sealed her lips softly, as gently as I could, and I squeezed and kneaded her tits. I rolled her nipples and caressed them to ease her pain.

"Mmmm, mmmm..." Liz's tongue lolled around my tongue as if she was spoiling me."*chu*, *chu*.... nnn..." I let her do what she wanted and move my tongue in response.

"Mmm....nnn...♡."

Wow, this girl is incredibly clingy.

Is this what a career woman who appears to be a lone wolf is like? Capable but unable to rely on others, because she is too capable. We rubbed our tongues together and sucked each other while I massaged her luscious fruit, every time I feel her nipple, she jolts with a sweet moan.

The connected parts softly embraced me, relaxed, and pampered me.

It's truly a vessel of depravity.

She has the firmness that is characteristic of virgins, but there was something about her that went beyond that...

"Nnh, nn..."

Whoa, Liz's hips started to move. Is she aware of this? *squish**squish* our membranes rub against each other, and sweaty skin is pressed with each other.

"Mmm, mmm..."

Amazing, I feel like my tongue is going to be swollen. If we going to keep it like this...

"Oh..."

*jerk*

Liz jumped.

――but with my dumb male brain, I want to keep moving because Liz seems to be okay. I want to move and ejaculate deep inside her. I want to dye her in my color.

"Huh, hah, ah..."

Liz moaned with an adorable expression on her face as I gyrated my hips while deeply inserting myself into her. I rubbed the flirtatious membrane around, making her aware that I was filling her up.

"Daaarling~, daaarling~."

Stop! I'm going to cum!

"Ngghh..."

I quickly cover Liz's lips. Soon our tongues were entwined.

I've been kissing her a lot.

But that's okay, I like it.

"Ngh, ngh, ngh..."

As the tongues continue to rub against each other, the friction of the lower part gradually becomes more intense. The bed begins to shake. making a creaking noise and also a loud, wet sound.

Liz was starting to wiggle her hips as well.

Charlotte had really prepared this girl...

"Huh, Nh, Ah..."

She wrapped her arms around my back, wiggling them and rubbing her nipples against me as she hugged me tight. Her huge meat squished against me, the sheer mass of it is fantastic.

"Huh, ah..."

*Squeak, squeak*

"Nu, ah... darling..."

*creak*, *creak*.

*squish*, *squish*...

"Nuu, uuuuuu!"

Liz's body twitched. Her vagina tightened. I keep moving my hips.

"Aaah, ahhh... Fuuu, uh, unnn.....I going to broke...broke..... broken.♡"

Her arms around clinging to me. A shuddering pleasure fills every inch of my spine.

"Faaa! It's Big.... bigger! No way, darling is about to.... ejaculate..."

"Oh yes, I'm about to cum. I'm going to ejaculate inside Liz's vagina. I'm going to teach your womb that every part of your body belongs to me! I'm going to pour it into you and impregnate you. I'm going to make you my wife!

"Haahhhg! I'm so happy, Desmond-sama, darling, ahhhhh, hahh ~~~♡♡♡!"

I slammed my hips into her while she was clinging to me.

I rubbed, scratched, and ground the folds of her vagina, shaping her into what was exclusively for me.

The folds of her flesh are soaked and filled with my cock. Her pussy entrance tightens up. It is so sweet and flirtatious that it makes me feel spoiled.

I was so pampered by this sweet pussy.

"Oh, I'm cumming! It's coming out!."

"Ahhh! I'm cumming!"

Her arms were tightening. She bounced up. With a grunt, I pushed my hips against her.

With an ejaculation that felt as if it were melting out of my insides, I poured my cum into Liz's womb.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhh! It's coming out♡....Darling hot seed..... into my... womb.... impregnating me...turning me into your wife.... ecstasy....feels so good..."

With the trance-like, ecstatic look. Liz had the happiest, most love-struck look I had ever seen on her face, her flesh twitching and shaking as she felt the male lust pouring into her womb.

I couldn't help but love her and kissed her forehead and cheeks.

"Nn.... daring...♡," she said, her face and voice sweet.

I hugged her.

"That's right, you are now my bride. I won't let you go, not only as a Parliamentary official but also as my woman. Remember that."

"Yes...♡"

She said this with a woozy smile and closed her eyes.

And she began to sleep adorably.

I kissed her again and held her close, stroking her head and closing my eyes. Normally, I would continue until we were all soggy and wet, but I couldn't make Liz do it anymore, and I was quite content.

I was also very satisfied with it. Apparently, I had been dragged along by her inexperience.

Ah, so sleepy...

I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight.

And so, he didn't notice the voice of his beloved wife that resonated in his mind.

――Gununununu, they look so perfect together, even their breathing is perfectly in sync. Desmond-sama is being so kind to her too... what should I do?

◇

"Mmm, n..."

Liz woke up with a muffled moan She let her eyes flutter as she hugged and held something.

"Nn...♪"

The warmth she felt directly on her skin made her cling to it more.

It was warm.

It makes her feel safe.

――I feel like I'm about to melt.

Perhaps the tingling sensations were caused by the stimulation against her vaginal wall. Something was wrong inside her. Or, more accurately, something is inside her.

"Huh... ah...?"

The sensation brought Liz's awareness to an all-time high. And the thing that was hugging and embracing her moved. Instantly.

"Hiiiee...♡!"

A sweet shriek escaped her as her inner wall rubbed against it.

"Fu~eh, what, no way, It's all the way in..."

She's astonished.

And he's still hard, too.

――I was increasingly startled.

And last night, I shared the bed with darling, had him hold me, and let my pleasure command me...

*Blush~~~!!*

Liz blushes, accurate to the onomatopoeia to the tee.

"Ouu, ah.... I want to die, kill me..."

She had prepared herself. That includes incase when being disrupted. But, she never thought that she would be that wild, that debauched...

――Master really makes women go crazy.

she was trembling.

Katherine was right. Although I said "Kill me." But if I died, I would never be able to have this feeling again. Besides, if nothing else, I want to stay like this forever. My beloved inserted himself into me, hugged me, and held me...

"Huh..... aaaa.... darling..."

I couldn't help but feel a thrill when I said it.

When I looked up, I noticed his peaceful sleeping expression. His penis remains firm and powerful, I can sense its desire to fertilize me by not leaking his semen. He keeps it in and lovingly hugs me.

"~Uaa..."

――I'm going crazy.

I can't stop my face from smiling.

I wonder what I'll do if I can't get the corners of my mouth to lower again, I'll have to ask him to fix it. With my lips, and my tongue.

"Fuaa..."

With a cat-like voice, Liz brings her lips closer to Desmond Darling's lips.

"*kiss*.... ngh."

It was like a jolt, like a rush of electric current.

"*lick*, nnn..."

She screwed my tongue in. Then she moved her tongue around and twirled it.

"Fuu.... n.... n..."

She gets heated up and starts to nip and twirl her tongue around. her hips start to move more and more. Her vagina was already spreading to the limit in his shape. Her flirtatious flesh rubbed against his, her tongue rubbed against him, and her thighs tangled around him, pulling him closer and closer.

"Haah, darling, darling..."

Her hips began to move more and more violently. Yesterday she was a virgin, but she had already lost her senses. There is no more pain. Truly, this male organ can drives women crazy. Maybe there is something special about him? she thought.

But it didn't matter anymore.

I wanted him, and he was hard enough to give it.

"Nngh, nngh!"

Liz's petite body was undulated in the covers. She pulls him close, hugs him, twists, and tries to squeeze that cum out of him.

"A baby... darling's baby, I want a baby... oooh... I want..."

Last night's intercourse did not provide any indication of conception. I am not in the "fertilization phase. But I can't stop moving my hips.

The deepest part of my body. The innermost place. Want to feel my beloved man.

"Nnghhh!"

*Splurt* *Splurt* *Splurt* *Splurt*~

"Haah, ahhh, ahhh.... darling is going into me.... it feels so good.... darling, I love!....... I love you!

His muscular manhood pulsing inside my vagina. It pulsates for me and quivers just for me. Just thinking that this semen is only for me...

It's - it's irresistible.

"Huh, ah..."

Liz becomes intoxicated with a debauched look on her face.

Then.

"I love you too, Liz."

A voice spoke down to her.

"..."

"..."

"Fuheee~~"

Liz's body while still being connected. The overpowering lewd sensation pierced her entire body like a flash of lightning as the pole scratched against her.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh..."

Wobbling, she shudders all over as he holds me and embraces her. She spurts out her embarrassing juices and they splash against his thighs.

"You were such a naughty girl, Liz. Very much my kind of girl."

"Uaaa, uuu, uh..."

she opened and closed her mouth like a fish.

"Do you still want to do it?"

"No-no more... I have work to do...so..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I have work to do.

A magic sentence powerful enough to silence me.

After all, this territory exists because of the work she does.

I, the lord of this land, am just a certified signer.

"Desmond-sama, do you really want to be with me that badly? You have such a disappointed look on your face."

Oops, it looks like it showed on my face. But it's safe because we're in bed. And Liz doesn't seem too upset about it either.

――She is embarrassed.

I don't care about your job, I just want to shake my hips.

―― says the lord who has her working for him.

――seriously!?

I was so excited that I almost blurt out.

"Liz, hurry up and get to work! I've come to reclaim my darling!"

*Bang!*

The door opened loudly, and standing there was, of course, my beloved wife. Wavy platinum blonde hair, large emerald eyes. She is as lovely and beautiful as ever, her breasts and buttocks bulging out of her elegant dress.

-Un, she's cute and pretty as always.

...But, why's there a black aura rising from her?

Even though her smile is as lovely as always, why does it feel scary?

Then.

"N-n-nah... W-what...!"

Liz blushed and trembled in my arms.

"Fufufu-, what makes you think that?" Said lady Charlotte, who approached the side of the bed with quick steps.

.Oh, this is a difficult situation. It's the scene of the husband holding another woman, while the wife appears. But it was Charlotte who was pushing Liz in the first place.

'Shut up'

'Yes!' --I said telepathically.

Huh, isn't she acting bossy today? This is the first time I've seen her like this...

But this is not the time.

"Liz, you are quite clingy, weren't you? But it also means you're probably holding it in for so long... ――Being spoiled by Desmond-sama, being spoiled...so unfair."

――Gnunununu...

Cute lady Charlotte and shy Liz.

――Gununununu

――Awawawawa

"No, if you say that, Charlotte is the one who..."

"Darling, please be quiet."

"..... yes."

Charlotte then tried to pull Liz out of the cover.

"Kyaa!"

As expected, there was some friction, and as expected, it slipped out with a *schurp*

"Ah, ah, it pulled out... no, stop, it's dripping, wait, I'll leave. Haaaa..."

Trembling with embarrassment, she wrapped the cover around her body and moved away from me. However, she must still felt discomfort around her groin so she sat on the bed, exhaling with a red face.

Liz, if you do this, my still-hard thing will to Charlotte, right? It's still wet with your and my fluids too...

"What's wrong, Charlotte? Liz's body isn't in good condition." - because of me. "You shouldn't be too hard on her rightnow," I said, sitting up and supporting Liz's shoulder.

"Desmond-sama..."

Liz's scary eyes drooped.

――Un, cute... ―― what?

*Jiiii*

My wife was staring at me.

Huh, eh?

Have I done something wrong? It's definitely wrong to sleep with other women besides Charlotte, but you're the one who set Liz up with me...

"That's true... but....."

The lord's wife looked somewhat uncomfortable.

"Um..." I don't think this is right, however...

"Are you jealous, Charlotte?"

"Yes, I am!"

She said matter-of-factly.

Crossing her arms under her breasts, she asserted her voluptuousness. Oh, splendid as usual.

"Hmmm." Charlotte snorted with pride and looked at Liz.

"――Wa?"

Liz looked stunned.

That 'wa? ' was a surprise. It's not the usual 'Ha?' but it's not bad either.

--seriously.

"Uh... So, Charlotte-sama is really jealous of me...? Me?"

Oh, I see. Liz couldn't believe that Charlotte would see her as a rival in love. - Well, I don't really understand it either.

After all, Charlotte had never reacted that way toward Katherine and the others before.

"Because, because"

...It was because of my bad influence.

However, Charlotte gave me a sidelong glance and said.

"Desmond-sama seemed really happy to be pampered and spoiled by Liz."

"Uh, well..."

I couldn't deny it.

Not only that, if Charlotte, who can read my mind and knows me better than I do says it, then it must be.

But...

'I know that Desmond-sama's number one is me.'

Oh, she knows that she got the upper hand.

Then, Charlotte glanced at Liz,

――Un, I see.

I couldn't say that in front of the girl who had given me her virginity and showed her affection for me to the point of making Charlotte jealous. It was considerate of Charlotte to think of that. However, she still feels jealous.

"Yes, it's frustrating. You two are so close. It seems that everything between you two fits perfectly, including your... member, Desmond-sama. Is your penis also a perfect fit for Liz?"

"My... uh, ah, yeah..."

I want to spend an hour watching Liz with a bowl of rice in my hand, who blushes like she is about to boil and looks down.

However, Liz bravely.

*stare*

locked eyes with Charlotte.

"You've been acting strange since earlier..." Liz seemed to have realized something. "Could it be that you were peeping...? No, Charlotte-sama just came in through the door..."

That's correct, unlike some slacker maid or the Parliamentary official she pushed, Charlotte came in from the front, fair and square. There was no way she could have been hiding somewhere and peeking.

There's a backdoor called "me" that exists, though.

I mean, are you going to reveal that, Charlotte? I think that's not a good idea though...

I don't mind being peeped on personally....even into my mind. That means that everything I say to her will be transmitted to Charlotte, but it's okay if it's just between us, but to expose it to a third party like Liz...

'Yes, that's certainly true...I was carried away by my emotions...but still, she's just a third party after all. ――Fufufufu'

Oh? You're suddenly in a good mood, really.... his twenty-nine-year-old girl.

'I am an adult! I'm just...that's right! I was jealous!'

Is it really appropriate for an adult to say that openly? Well, at least you're honest?

"Anyway, like I was saying...!"

Charlotte proudly stuck out her chest and pointed her finger at Liz.

*poke!*

You shouldn't point at people if you are an adult.

And, as if taken in by Charlotte's attitude, Liz's eyes are full of energy.

Stare*

*Poke* and *Stare*

It's like a comedy duo.

and Charlotte turns her head at me.

――unh.

Scary!

"I have to say, I know everything about how Liz approached Desmond-sama, how she was gently and fiercely embraced, and how she indulged and was indulged. I won't reveal how I know, because that's beside the point. But that ――Darling....How cute. I had no idea that Liz was that sweet."

"Wha-! Wait, aahhhhhhhh...!"

I think Liz was about to explode.

"Wait, Charlotte, I think it's fine for her to call me whatever she wants." I interjected. "When she called me 'darling,' I was thrilled and really excited."

"Eh?!"

"Even when Liz was being spoiled, she was really cute."

"Nyah!"

From somewhere, a cat was meowing. A very cute cat with three white eyes.

"That, I agreed." said Charlotte. "I can't tell you how many times I've thought about barging in and cuddling Liz with Desmond-sama."

"N-nnnnn....."

"No, that's not good. It was her first time, so I had to have Liz all to myself. Thank you for not barging in."

"You're welcome. Then may I join next time?"

"Sure."

"Yay."

"Yay."

I and Charlotte exchanged high fives.

"Hey... aren't you two the ones who fit together perfectly...?"

a bewildered voice said.

"But." Ignoring that, Charlotte immediately turned to me.

"Above all, Desmond-sama was too lovey-dovey. That's exactly why I'm so jealous."

"Uh, that's... *blushes*." said Liz.

"Um, I'm sorry." I apologized.

"I won't forgive you. You're going to give me a lot of love after this."

"That's bad actually."

"Fufu, you're so sweet."

I and Charlotte smile at each other.

In front of Liz.

Then I looked over at Liz.

*Stare*

Then I met the original scary stare.

"Hah....."

Liz sighed, causing me to flinch. When she looked at me again, she seemed both exasperated and resigned.

as if saying.

'It can't be helped'

"So, are we going to continue like this?"

I wondered.

"Certainly." Charlotte replied cheerfully. "Not only that, Liz isn't pregnant yet, from now on, I, Liz, Katherine, Sophie, Monica, and many others will give birth to Desmond-sama's children. And then there's also Maia and the girls in the territory..."

That sure sounds like a conspiracy for taking down the Lords!

"So much..."

I can't see Liz's face. But she said.

"Well...I already guess it will be, I am the parliamentary secretary of this territory for life after all..."

"Mm, That's right, so cute."

"A-as I said, I'm not cute..."

"No, You're cute. How about this, from now on when Liz says that she's not cute, I'll teach you every time just how cute you are. Anywhere, anytime."

"Anywhere... anytime....."

"I think she wants it."

"I think she wants it."

""Yay"" Me and Charlotte, high-five.

"Why are you two in such high spirits for... haah"

"Liz, did you know that happiness runs away when you sigh right?"

"Well, Desmond-sama should pour happiness into your body to make up for it. In my case, If I don't sigh, I'm afraid I'll burst with happiness.

Charlotte patted her belly.

"..." Liz stiffened and looked at her.

"Liz, when is your next fertilization period?"

"Eh, wh...why are you asking that so casually?"

Liz-chan's face turned bright red. She's so cute, but then she said..

"B-besides, if you impregnate women in the mansion one after another like that, there won't be anyone left to handle administrative tasks. Unless Desmond-sama want to take over?"

"I'm sorry!"

Really.

I mean it.

I even yelled!

"A-ah, no, I didn't want to mean it like that....I-I mean, I... I want to bear Desmond-sama's child.. b-but we're not married yet, so..."

That's right, a nobleman's daughter getting married with a round belly is not a laughing matter.

I nod in agreement.

"Understood. We'll do it properly, then."

"Yes." Liz nods solemnly.

But...

"If that's the case, then Liz will have fewer children than us...Fufu."

"――!"

Hey, Charlotte-chan, don't provoke her like that. and Liz, too.

'What.....?'

"Don't make that kind of face. Are you planning to have a child every year? I don't mind, but..."

"Shit..."

――What was that?

And dhat's with this atmosphere? It's strange, but this is quite warm and addicting.

Then, Liz stood up.

"I'll be going now. I have work to do."

――Please do so.

And then she stood up.

She looked at me with a suspicious look and said.

The two of you can do as you please. But Desmond-sama, please make sure to handle the documents I'll be handing over to you properly. alright?"

"Yes, I understand."

"Okay."

Liz nodded, smiled lightly, and was about to leave with her body wrapped in the covers.

But Katherine was outside the room, holding Liz's clothes.

――A maid that does her job! I don't think I've seen that in a long time.

So Liz goes back to her room with her cheeks redden, uses 【clean】, and is about to change her clothes.

"Please don't watch."

"No, I want to look."

"Why are you being so forceful?"

-Un, I agree, I wonder why.

I watched as Liz changed, blushing up to her ears.

She was wearing her usual, white scout uniform with a high-class design. Her chest was emphasized by it with shorts underneath.

She tied her silver hair that reached just below her chin and put on her monocle.

Then she looked at me with her stern and scary eyes.

"Excuse me, it's a little hard to walk..."

Liz fidgeted and waddled on her tiptoes.

"Well then, I'll go first."

she said, bowing. She looked like her usual self.

I couldn't believe that this was the same woman who had snuggled up to me so cutely in bed. But then again, I did hold her, didn't I...

"Oh, right."

I got up and walk to her.

"What is it?"

"You forgot something."

*Kiss.*

A good-bye kiss.

"~~~~~~!"

Liz's face was bright red. Oh, that face with the official's uniform - it's priceless.

"Oh my", "Oh", "Waa~"

Charlotte, Katherine, and Monica said. Thank goodness Sophie and Emily aren't here!

Liz turned on her heel and headed for the door.

"I'm off, darling." she said, red to the ears.

"See you later."

I see her off. I suppress the urge to drag her back to bed. And then...

"Well then, Desmond-sama, it's my turn next."

said my wife, who was waiting for me.

"Charlotte....one, just one time."

"Charlotte-neesama, I'm so jealous..."

"We're maids, Monica-san. We receive master's affection randomly as we pass by his room."

――Oi, you lousy maid, don't put the wrong thing to your junior.

"Wonderful...♡"

It was too late...

"Now, now, Desmond-sama, my pussy is so empty, it's waiting for you all night."

"Also Charlotte, don't teach her the wrong things."

Despite my annoyance, I was already pressing down on my wife who was waiting for me in bed, naked.

"Come on, Monica, don't be jealous, this is our job."

I wonder if it's just my imagination that I feel some thorn in Katherine's words? Damn it, I'll drag her and do her later.

"Oh, Desmond. Mmm~"

Charlotte quickly puts her arms around my neck and comes over to suck on me as the two maids left.

Is this what my life will be like? -No, my sex life?

Something that's quite rich for me, I think.

That's why I want to protect it.

Hopefully, days like this will continue forever.

"Desmond-sama~. Ah~. It feels so good, it's hitting so deep~! Don't worry, we'll make sure this continues. Ah, haaaaaa~n♡♡!!!"

The lord's wife's charming voice echoes in the room from early in the morning.

My mansion was operating as usual today.

"Aaahhhh~~~~~nnn!"

I hope.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before Desmond embraces Liz...

Desmond-sama was pleased to have two naked maids in the bath when Charlotte came storming in after having fully disciplined 《Ephemera》.

It was a large bathroom. With a tub that can fit plenty of people.

He soaked in the water, his tongue entwined with the two women on either side, wrapping his arms over their backs and relishing in the differences in size and tenderness of their breasts.

Lady Charlotte grinned when she saw this.

"I'm glad you're having fun, Desmond-sama."

Until just now, she had been enjoying herself with the assassin who was supposed to be trying to kill her.

Her face was radiant and lively.

She could have brought that girl here and let him enjoy her while she was in her full-spring mode, but she had indulged too much and become exhausted. The activity is too much even for Ephemera. But it was inevitable, after all, there is no eros in this world. Even first-class assassins cannot develop resistance to something that does not exist.

"Ah, how delightful."

Even with a nasty smile, his sweet aristocratic face still looks as handsome. Being handsome is definitely a skill of its own. He gropes and squeezes the breasts of the two maids.

"Hahn..."

"Nwahhhh...♪"

Both of them seem to be enjoying it.

Katherine, cold beauty with red hair tied up. Brown narrow eyes. modest tits. Twenty-six years old. Pregnant.

Monica has short flaxen hair and a toned body. She still has a cute, innocent look on her face, and the corner of her eyes are a little red. Her dog ears and tail were now hidden. The reason is that her hair would float in the hot water. Her breasts are still growing at the age of 15. Also pregnant.

――The scene was as incident as it can get.

"Fufufu, in that case, I'll join in as well."

"Charlotte, you need to wash your body properly first."

"I know, I'm not a child."

*Huff*

she pouts and puffs up her cheeks,

The thoughts of the three overlap.

『Charlotte (onee-sama), is so cute.』

It's hard to believe she's the oldest of the group.

And then.

"【Clean】"

Using magic to shortcut the washing process, truly a 29-year-old child.

"Here I come♪"

*Splash!*

"Hey, Charlotte!"

"That's indecent!"

"Wha..."

Water splashed as the madam jumped in.

Her platinum blonde hair is flowing and lustrous, and she has large, emerald eyes. She is lovely, but her cuteness is far superior. And also her voluptuousness.

Soaking in the hot water up to her shoulders, The huge white pulps floated in the hot water.

"Oh..."

Even though his hands were full of maids' tits, Desmond-sama's blue eyes were glued to his beloved wife's breasts.

"Master, it is my chest you are touching now you know."

"That's right. Des-sama is also r...rubbing....my breasts..."

"Those are fifteen-year-old-level boobs."

"Please don't talk like that, Charlotte. Katherine too."

"I don't want to!" "Is there a problem?" ――they said.

"Eh? Was it bad? Des-sama, you won't touch them anymore?"

"No, no..... I'll touch them, okay? I'll touch Monica's, even if they are fifteen year old. I will touch them wholeheartedly."

Desmond squeezed Monica's, still-developing tits.

"Waan~♡"

He clinked and played with her swollen nipples

"Nggh, hag.... wahhh.... Des, mmmm sama..."

"Really, this girl. you are quite naughty, aren't you?"

"Ah, b-because you're so good, Des-sama.... it feels so good, ah!"

"Charlotte, why are you acting so mean to her?"

"I didn't. I'm just saying the truth, that's all..."

"Ufufu" And then, Charlotte-sama approached Desmond face. She heaved her plump breasts up out of the water and leaned on Desmond, who was flanked by maids on either side.

"Oh..."

"Mmm..."

His face was covered with boobs. The wife spreads her legs as if to encircle the two maids too and intertwines the platinum blonde public hair in the bathtub with her husband's.

"Hahn... you're already hard... ♡."

And then she pressed her mound against the shaft and locked it. It was not inserted yet. But it was snugly pressed against the slit. Without hesitation, she put her arms around his back and started rubbing her huge soft flesh against him.

"I also...mmm...need to be loved too. Ah...it's so hot..."

She shook her hips. Her slit was already burning hot and wet with wetness that was clearly not from hot water.

"Oh, what a naughty madam you are."

Despite his mocking tone, Desmond couldn't stop smiling. Even with a nasty smile, his sweet aristocratic fa..(same as above).

"Charlotte, I only have two hands, you know. let me suck it."

"Ahh♡♡" "Wahhh♡♡"

He pinched two maids' nipples. Both are already hard and erect.

"Isn't it Desmond-sama who is naughty." While saying that, Madam was also in high spirits on her husband's lap. "Hey, go ahead, Desmond-sama's favorite, boobs, only for you, please enjoy it♪――Ah♡ Yaan, don't bite it ♡ Nh, whew, haa..."

Charlotte was panting in ecstasy as her beloved husband bit and sucked her tip. Her hips also started to buck lewdly. She raised her chin and leaned back while dexterously straddling him, holding up her huge breasts as he continued to suckle her.

"The other one too ♪ Huh, ah, ahhhhh! your dick-sama is getting hotter and hotter..."

With lady Charlotte excited movement, the water surface sways with splashes.

"Charlotte onee-sama, cheating..."

"Yes, Charlotte onee-sama always takes all the best things."

"Well, of course. After all, I am his legal wife. Ah, uunh!"

The exultant wife bit down on her husband's neck and buried his head in her huge meat. It was extremely difficult to breathe, but even so, Desmond did not stop caressing her.

Not only that

"Uh."

"Fuan."

He stroked the maid's body on both sides, sliding his fingers along their hips and into their nether regions. His fingers explored the puffy woman's arousal with a practiced hand.

Schilck♪

Schrup♪

"Ahhhh, ahhh, master, master..."

"Des-sama, master ah!"

"""Aaaahh!""" The three pole sisters' moans overlapped.

Desmond-sama's fingers dug into the maid's holes, moving his hip, the head of his meat scraping The lord's wife's flower buds. He already knew their weak points all too well.

However breathless he might be from almost getting drowned in his wife's peaks, his fingers and hips were imbued with the intent to pleasuring them.

"Ngh, hah, hah, ahhh...." The lord's wife's wife's body trembled as she clung to him.

"Ahhhhhh!" Katherine chirped as her vaginal walls were rubbed gingerly.

"Wahhhhhhhh!!!!" Monica bounced as his first joint was bent inside her vagina.

"""Cumming~~~~~~♡♡♡!!!"""

The bodies of the three pole sisters entwined with Desmond, all climaxed at once. All that was left behind was a dense smell of passion, pairs of drooping eyes, and parting lips.

And then

"Bwah! Ah, I think I was going to die...."

It was The lord who escaped from The lord's wife's tits with his life.

"Hey Charlotte, go easy on me next time, alright?"

"That's our line, you know..... nn..."

The lord's wife leaned against him. Pampered.

"What are you talking about? It's just the beginning, isn't it?"

*smile*

As soon as they saw the corner of his mouth raised, their bodies trembled in anticipation.

◇

"Oh, this is spectacular."

――seriously. And you could say it's the ultimate form of adultery.

Butts, butts, butts lined up side by side in front of me.

All of them are so seductive, it's hard to say which one is better than the other.

In the bathtub, the girls had their hands on the edge and had their asses sticking out.

In the middle, of course, was my beloved wife, Charlotte, with her plump, sexy ass, and to her right was Katherine, with an ass that rivaled, if not surpassed Charlotte's own. She has a huge ass that could rival or even beat Charlotte's - and Monica on the left is...

Hmm, compared to the two adult beauties, it gave off such a contrast.

I feel a sense of guilt that I was supposed to have finally thrown them in the trash long ago, but they were returned in stride with a sticker on the bag, saying "wrong pickup day" on them. Still, I can't help but glance at her immature asses, and that makes me wonder how much my karma accumulates.

All three of them were shaking their asses as if they wanted me to be the first to receive myself into them. Each one of their pussy is twitching, their enchanting petals spilling honey.

I managed to swallow my feelings of guilt and immorality.

Which one should I choose ♪

I smacked their asses with my erect penis.

I rubbed and smeared my pre-cum on them.

What a sinful man I am. I had to atone for this by satisfying them. ――I will have to redeem myself by giving them satisfaction. Hmm, ――Let's do it.

And so...

"Ahhhhhh!"

"Oh, that's a nice squeeze."

The honey pot, overflowing with juice, clamped the invading scorching foreign object with desire. The folds of the vagina twitched. It roared and cried out for me to give it my cum, to poke and prod it mercilessly, ――I was being forced to violate it!

*Thump thump thump thump*

Charlotte's sweet voice choked out as I shook my hips.

Of course, I choose her. Because Katherine and Monica had already had plenty of sex during their maid training. Of course, I have no reason to be dissatisfied with them, but it's just that I missed my wife.

――Aah, the feeling of this vagina. A pussy just for me.

What? she's a divorcee?

An ex-husband? Didn't heard of it.

'You're right!' "Aaan!" 'I was, and still am, all for Desmond-sama alone...' She said.

'You're quite hash to me until I regain the memory of my previous life,'

'You promised not to mention that... you're so mean...'

'I don't remember making such a promise. Bad wife.'

*Slap*

I slapped her ass.

"Fuiii! Ahahhhhh! I can feel it resonate in my womb... The baby knows that the mother is being disciplined..."

――Unh, please don't say that.

And now, isn't it still a fetus or something? I believe a child in that state would never be able to understand such a thing, but maybe...if it's Charlotte's child, you know.... and also mine...

Well, if that's the case, let's release it all inside your vaginas to my heart's content —let's show our child that we're on good terms.

"Haaahh, ah, ahhhhh! Ohhhhh Okuu... I'm being beaten...♡ I can't break free, papa is a such brute~ aanh!"

As I said! Stop saying that!

Really, I'm going to have to make this pussy apologize.

'I sure hope so'

――As you wish then!

"Ahh, ah, ah, ah, aaah, ah, ah, ah, ah!"

*Smack smack smack smack*

The surface of the water shook violently with a splash. The thick, musky scent was so dense that it overpowered the steam. Charlotte wiggled and shook her seductive hips, even bumping me with her own, devouring the pleasure to the fullest.

This, I believe, reveals how much of a slut Mom is, rather than how much of a monster Dad is. taught my child from the time it was a fertilized egg, long before it was old enough to remember things.

I'm still not sure if this child will be a boy or a girl, perhaps we should use a gender-neutral phrase until we find out.

――Gosh.

I stirred, pierced, gouged, scraped, and beat Charlotte's insides with a scorching meat pole—what a wordplay.

"Master... Please teach me and our child that mother is being teased and disciplined by Master too."

――Stop it, you spoiled maid!

Her shaking butt is too seductive, but the words are way out of line. And then again, you're a maid, aren't you? Sure, I say that you can act casual to me but now she's starting to ask for it more and more.

――Gufufu.

A punishment, then.

"Des-sama, please discipline me, too..... before I'm a maid, I'm Des-sama's dog and pet, and this includes my child too..."

"Monica stop, do not go any further."

I sank my fingers into the wiggling maids' ass.

""Hyaaan!""

The tender flesh tightened up with a squeak as she waited for me.

*Squelch squelch*

*slap slap slap slap*

I wiggle my fingers and shake my hips.

Three different sweet sounds of lovemaking are reflected in the bathtub.

"ugh"

My testicles filled to the brim because of these females' temptation, which is as lush as tropical rainforests. I can't hold my boiling offspring any longer. *Slap, Slap* I'm hammering into Charlotte, but I change the way I'm enjoying her, gyrating my hips to let her taste me, to let her know that she belongs to me, body and soul.

'You've already made such an imprint on me. After all, I am connected to Desmond-sama. Body and soul....'

Literally.

I inserted it all the way in,

*Schrup*!

"Ohh, right there!"

Charlotte shuddered. I showered her womb with extra thick lust juice. I fucking tightening vagina with delight, I bathed her with the desire that screams 'I love you' .

She is literally connected to me physically and emotionally - so hot.

"Uh, ah.... Desmond-sama is a brute♡.....lock me up, drown my body and soul... ah, ah, I can't stop cumming~...♡♡♡"

I continued to pour mercilessly into her as she convulsed.

And, as she bucked her hips.

*popped*, *gropp*...

A thick, sticky cloud of white spilled from the gaping petals. The filthy white slides down the white thighs of the distressed woman.

I scooped it up with the tip of my still-hard meat and returned as much of it as I could into her vagina.

――The sound of delight.

Well, now for the next part.

"Master..."

"Des-sama..."

On either side of The lord's wife, who was breathing heavily, a beautiful maid and a beautiful younger maid shook their asses, sandwiching madam's ass. It seemed that they could not hold back any longer.

Then, let's see how far can they endure!

*Squish*!

"Ahh!"

I caught Monica's narrow hips and shook them mercilessly.

"Kyafu♡! Wahhh♡! Wahhhh♡♡!"

I pushed, and penetrated her, focusing on the weak spot that my meat pole had already memorized.

"Awuuun, uuuuuuun... ♡♡"

The fifteen-year-olds back is arching and her slender shoulders are pink as she accepts my manhood. I slap her ass with my pubic bone, grinding it against her immature but now "female" ass. Each time I do this, Monica spills her lewd liquid delight.

"Ahh!"

"Oh..."

*Splurt* *splurt* *splurt*

I mercilessly ejaculated into Monica's vagina. The girl's vagina, trying hard to adjust to me, tightens and twists around me, squeezing my semen. I was certain that the more I held her, the more she would adapt to me and the better she would feel too.

"Oh.... that feels so good..."

"Haah, Ah, Wahfuun...♡ Dejshama kee..p pouring in.....fheel good..."

I gave Monica a generous creampie and then pulled out.

"Haah." she said with a cute voice, and the white sticky glue came flooding out, staining her innocent thigh.

――So immoral.

I'm going to fuck it back inside the vagina with my penis as much as I can.

"Ah, Master.... Master..."

――Oh, Katherine is soaking wet.

The bitch in heat, drooling, I can't resist the urge to insert myself into her.

――But I refuse!

*Squish*!

"Ahhhhhh!"

I pushed my cock all the way to the root into the slippery cavity of the oral-loving, anally-obsessed, slutty, masochistic Katherine. Her sphincter is so tight.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh!"

She had reached a climax just by inserting it. I shook my hips, rubbing her intestinal wall, fucking her, transmitting the vibrations to her uterus with a hard pounding.

"Heeahhh, ahhhhh!"

Her large ass shook. I grabbed it and rubbed it roughly, moving my hips back and forth.

*Squeeze, squish*!

"Hey, ahhh! Master is trampling my buttocks... Huh! Master toyed with me in the place where something shouldn't insert in.... ah... ♡ ♡ I am being forced against my will...♡"

What? That's the most inappropriate thing I ever heard.

I rocked my hips in and out of her, letting her experience the stimulation. But the anal area is delicate. I had to be careful not to hurt it too much, yet at the same time be just as forceful. I'm going to enjoy this anal slut's ass.

"Fuu, Huh, hah, ahhh... hin~!"

"I swear, this maid is such a slut. I know you prefer your asshole to be filled with cum rather than in your pussy."

"That's right!"

Then, with full force.

I pulled back.

"Aaaah... it's out, it's getting pulled out...♡"

I pulled it out a bit more and then,

*Thud*! I pushed in.

"Ahhhh♡♡♡!"

Katherine's back arched and her sphincter tightened with lewd noise.

"Ha, ha, ah... ah..."

She feels so much that she can't even move her hips anymore, and I love it. I watch her rosebud in the front-seat view.

and widen it.

"Ahhhh..."

I continue to rub the walls of her bowels.

"Ha, ha, uh, uhhh..."

Oh, she loves it so much.

It makes me happy too.

But then

"it feels so good....but..."

――But? what?

"The feeling of getting fertilized, I like it the best."

"Me too."

"I, too...."

""" After this, I'd like to have another..."""

"――!"

Really, these girls...

"Of course."

I drive into Katherine even harder and slap her ass, *Slap, Slap, Slap*.

"Ah, ahhhhh!"

"Katherine, I'm going to cum. Take it all in your filthy hole. I'm going to fill you up and then I'm going to fill your uterus too."

"I'd be honored.... please cum, master, give me your seed... ～～～～～!!!! My ass feels so good!

I ejaculated mercilessly into Katherine's quivering, shuddering rectum. Absorb my essences to the brim. But you still have to get all the nutrients for the baby, right?

――Gufufu.

"I'd like to be fed too!"

"M-me, too....can I?"

Charlotte, don't you think that was a strange nuance for a noble to use? And Monica, don't follow your bad sister's example.

――Oh, you two.

I'm going to fuck you in the front, in the back like Katherine, and then I'm going to fill your mouths too, alright?

――Gufufu.

...

I can't stop my libido.

But.

"Desmond-sama."

"Master."

"Des-sama..."

No amount of sexual desire can stand up to the demands of these three pole sisters.

"I know. I'm going to satisfy you all, so get ready. Spread the hole you want me to be stuff and wait."

『Yes ♡』

They did and wait obediently for me. I loved these girls.

Well, I'll try my best.

And of course, at night too.

――Gufufu.

The three harmonies of moans filled the bathroom, the moans only for me――.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I caught 'her' hand in the hallway.

It was when I was thinking about what to do in the afternoon after finishing lunch at my mansion. Charlotte was engrossed in reading Viviane-sensei's new book.

It was very tempting to tease her while she was reading, but the atmosphere was somehow like,

『I want to be undisturbed, free, alone, and quiet.....』

So it is quite hard to make a move

If I get my hands on her like an idiot, I couldn't complain if I get punished by a fireball.

Then who would it be? Monica seemed to be busy with the laundry, Sophie was a teacher, and Emily was not allowed to be in the headcount.

No, no, I didn't decide by process of elimination like that. That would be disrespectful to them. - Well, that could be kinda kinky in its own way, though.

As I walked down the corridor, I grasped the hand of a maid with an elegant and refined posture. This was the pastime - or, more accurately, the duty - of a lord who had an excess of sexual desire.

Yes, it was Katherine.

―― Truly a scam (gap moe).

She must have spotted me or my untrained footstep with her heightened "presence sense" when I approached. But she pretended that not feint ignorance was part of the maid's job.

―― Well, that's no problem

I got Katherine now!

To ensure that she doesn't resist, I grab her hand tightly, entwining our fingers.

The truth is, the key to getting her seriously is balls in the crotch[1]... Well, let's stop any more dirty talk like an old man.

She looks almost expressionless, pretending to be calm, but she's slightly flushed.

―― Mmm, so cute.

"Katherine, are you free right now?" I ask, suppressing my amusement.

"I am currently in the service of the master. Nothing is more important than this. Please, feel free to do anything you see fit." she replied, looking at me with moist eyes.

- Ah, yes.

Damn it, my heart is pounding for real!

Actually, I wish we could stay in the hallway like this and...

'I'm sorry, master, someone is coming...'

'A maid like you is obligated to serve your master whenever and wherever I need.'

'Oh! Please forgive me... Ha....not my butt...♡'

And I wanted to do her just like that, but...

This world without Eros. The risk of being found in this situation is no joke! It will be perceived as non-erotic matters. I'll end up being a tyrannical, domineering master and then get locked up in an underground dungeon, rather than a playful perverted lord.

I heard we have a dungeon, but I don't know where it is.

―― and I don't want to know!

There are many things in this world that it is better not to know.

So I took Katherine's hand and led her to my bedroom. What a smooth hand! And I was so excited that she held my hand back without any reluctance at all. So I struck up a casual conversation.

"How about cuddling up on a soft pillow and listening to a story, my Princess?"

At that moment, her fingers entwined with mine, and she applied pressure.

Katherine leaned her body against mine and placed her other hand on my arm. Then, she gently rested her head on my shoulder.

"Instead, Could you share stories about yourself with me.....all night long?'" she asked.

I couldn't help but feel a pang in my chest.

Hmm, this girl is more skilled than I am.

She stared at me with flushed and moist eyes.

"...Of course. but I must caution you. It would be all too easy for you to become lost in the depths, perhaps even drowning in it."

"I wish to be drowned so much that I can't breathe anywhere but here, ever again."

――Alright, let's stop,

I don't think I can win!

'Hey! I'm reading that exact line right now! Damn you! I wish I could have had Desmond-sama voice the line instead of just reading it to myself! But Katherine, when I'm not around...you.....――Gununun.'

Charlotte, you should concentrate on your book. Otherwise, you might get spoiled just like this, alright? This dirty old man is going to do his duty as master.

And so, I grabbed Katherine's hand and pulled her into the bedroom.

It was broad daylight, and we were in my bedroom.

I Intertwined my fingers with my favorite maid (pregnant).

and I threw her on the bed. Without any resistance.

"Kya."

The first-class maid, who was lying on her back, looked at me with moist, slightly anxious, yet expectant eyes. ――she is acting! It must be.

"Master, what do you intend to do by bringing me here.....?"

Oh, and Katherine is in the mood to play.

"Don't play dumb. You do realize, don't you? How many have I done that to you so far?"

I said that and she gave me a specific number.

.....

――What? That much? What a sex monster.

"..... well, you remembered....." ――Seriously.

"How could I forget the favor the Master gave me? Oh, right, It seems that Master doesn't seem to remember how many loaves of bread he has eaten."

――Charlotte, you, what did you teach your maid?

――*Cough*

Damn it, I suddenly returned to being a novice. That really startled me. Bue not even five seconds later, Katherine said...

"Did you really believe it?"

"....." - This useless maid... She's becoming more and more disrespectful to her master.

Good, you keep it up.

But ――hmmm, Katherine's stamina is almost at the top of the girls. Under normal circumstances, it's Katherine, and in the beast mode, it'd be Monica. Still, both Katherine and Monica end up panting and unable to continue fairly quickly.

The highest endurance level is of course that of my honored first wife. The lord's wife is probably the wrong person to compare them to. A sheltered young lady who can beat any combatants when the bed becomes a battlefield? That's my proud naughty wife!

But I wonder if Katherine really remembers how many times I've done to her.

'I remember it too!'

That seems to be true then.

But please be quiet and read your book.

――So, now.

I shove myself on top of this mischievous maid who is bothering her master. We lock our lips together for a second before I speak into her ear.

"Bad maid, tempting your master like this..."

"Huff... I'm terribly sorry..."

"Don't you have something to do instead of apologizing?"

"Ah..."

*lick*

I kiss her ear, lick, and bit it sweetly.

"...... hgn...... ah, forgive me......♡"

I placed my hands on the maid's breasts as she grabbed the sheets and let out a faint moan.

I enjoy the smell of her hair as I nuzzle it.

"Ngh, mmm....."

――Gufufu... How sweet it is to play with this maid during the daytime. I'll put the master's certificate on her neck.

When I look up at her face, her eyes are already glazed over. She is supposed to be almost expressionless, but now she is not wearing that mask.

"Master is a sinful man."

Hmm, I have no objections.

"Please let me make amends then."

"Very well."

Before I can say anything, I got flip around with such masterful martial arts. What was that, spatial displacement or some kind of magic? That was an impressive move.

Also, I didn't say that I should be the one to atone for any wrongdoing.

"Excuse me."

Katherine began to unzip me with her mouth.

She lifts the zip with her tongue and holds it between her teeth to pull it down. It is any master's dream to have a beautiful maid do that between their legs.

――too dexterous.

"Hah...... I can smell Master's scent...... the smell that drives women crazy."

She shoved her nose into the gap in the zipper and sniff loudly..

....I won't say anything unnecessary anymore. Let's leave it to Katherine-san, the first class maid. Leave it to the pro.

"*Sniff*, hah...... I'm getting hotter and hotter. I can't get enough of it..... ♡" Her eyes looked up. Her eyes focused on the bulge and then poked it with her tongue.

She bites my underwear. And slides down with her teeth.

I feel like prey being skinned by a predator. But then

"Aha...... magnificent....."

She brilliantly peeled my cloth off.

――Well, magnificent indeed.

She exhales hotly at the towering column of flesh."I will serve you, Master. Besides, we're alone now for the first time in a long time..... hah" She said with a debauched smile.

Hot breath bathes the rod from the tip. The pleasure is absorbed from the core of the flesh and sent all the way to my hip bone. I pat her head. Then, she narrowed her eyes happily.

"That's true, when I do it with Katherine, there's usually someone else there, isn't there? ――now, you've got it all to yourself."

"... Yes. This is an unexpected stroke of good luck for me. -*kiss*"

"Ugh!"

That kiss was like a kiss of allegiance. The meat sword, burnt by the girls' lusty desire and forged into a grotesque reddish meat. Such a thing should not be suitable for such a beautiful woman like Katherine.

But there is something about her face that makes her look so lovely, so blushing, and so full of love.

"I love you, Master. Please use my mouth to your heart's contents, and in turn, make me feel good...... chu, *slurp*....."

"Hoa....."

She went straight from the kiss of loyalty to sliding down the underside. Her lips never opened, instead glided around, attack me along with her debaucherous tongue. A shiver runs down my spine. When she reaches the base, she pushes in with her tongue, sucks and pulls at the balls, licks, and rolls them around.

".....Uh, ooooh!" My chin rises as she scoops them up with her tongue.

She peers up at her master, who is in ecstasy, watching him with puppy eyes. She is then licked and rolled on each side of my balls in turn.

After licking all the way to my perineum and anus, she climbs over my balls and up my pole again. A passionate kiss with a swirling, hot woman's tongue.

――Aah, I can't stop the delight that runs up my body.....

"Fuu, Fuu, *snifff*"

Katherine's aroused sniffing sounded. She, who had always maintained a nearly expressionless face, was now taking pleasure in her service to me, even though she wasn't being touched.

"*Chuu*,*Chuu*. Ha~mu"

"Hoo!"

After a passionate kiss on the tip, she sucked just the head into her mouth.

Hooking her lips on the head, she lightly pulled it up. It is such a vulgar act, but also full of service, the face of a noble maid.

"Oooh, ah....."

There was no licking yet. Just being warmed inside a hot, woman's mouth.

It was such a pleasure that I couldn't stop my hips from shifting -

"Hmm...*slurp*"

Katherine's drool was pouring from her engulfing lips. Her saliva dripped down the surface of the pole, which had been sufficiently moistened earlier.

"Ngh, fuh....."

"Ohhh....."

The maid's wagging buttocks as she sucked, begging for more of the pre-cum, and semen. If she had a tail, I bet she would have wagged it right now.

*slurp* *slurp* *slurp*

"Oooh, ho....."

She sucked on it. I jolt and jump as she sucks me into her mouth. Katherine seems amused and pleased with my reaction.

"Oh dear, what a naughty maid you are."

I can't resist and pat her head.

"Mmmm, mmmm......♡"

Her brown eyes narrowed. even narrower than usual.

"You're so cute, Katherine."

I continue to pat her head.

"..... nn, n....."

Suddenly, she looked away. Her cheeks are now flushed.

I lower the hand that was stroking her head, stroke her cheek, and tickles her chin.

"Nhuh.....♡, nhuh.....♡."

Through the gap between her eyes, I can even see a heart symbol in her pupill.

"*chup*...... *chup*....."

Katherine lightly shook her head. But no intense movement yet. And it seemed to be somehow different from a usual service. The 'feel' in her eyes was of that "expectation" and "pleading".

"Oh yeah, come to think of it, Katherine is a masochist. Do you want to be used by me that badly?"

"Huh.....nghhh.....♡"

Nodding while sucking. ――This maid, you're so hopeless.

" Are you going to let your master use you?"

"Fuee......" her nose puffed up. She was so glad that I got her intentions.

"Well, I guess I'm going to have to punish you for this." I catch Katherine's head.

She shuddered as if an electric current had surged up her spine.

"But if you're in pain, make sure you slap my thighs, okay?"

"Hmmm, mmmm....."

She nodded cockily as she sucked. Sloppy, overflowing drool drips down to the back of my balls.

"Mmmmmm.....♡"

I take Katherine's head and start to bury the grotesque tower of flesh into her pretty mouth. An ugly, veiny flesh. I move her head slowly at first so that I can get used to her mouth-pussy.

"Mmmm, mmmm...... ♡"

"Ohhh...... that feels good...... Katherine's mouth pussy, so good."

"Mmm♡"

Her master's compliments were truly a treat for her it seems. I use the maid's mouth, and I begin to lightly rock my own hips. She sucked and squeezed her cheeks fiercely, proud of her position as a maid. A really nasty look with a cold beauty like her.

And it makes me more and more aroused.

My pre-cum juice that was in my urethra was sent into Katherine's mouth one after another. My hips wriggle as I rub the burning column of my male flesh against the oral cavity and throat of the beautiful maid.

Her tongue swirls happily as she rubs the stain against her inner cheek, scrapes it, and smears it on her the base of her tongue.

"Oh, it feels good... Katherine, I love it..."

I violate her throat while flooding with feelings.

"Ogggghh, ggghh, nnggghh ♡♡♡♡"

*glug* *glug* *glug* *glug* *glug* *glug* *glug*

"Ogg, ogg, gub, gogg, gogg.....♡"

Tears are pooling at the corners of her eyes, even though there are snorts and drool all over her face, why are those eyes that are full of love? I want to please her more and more...

"Nggghhhh♡♡♡"

I buried my cock up to the base. I bury her nose in my pubic hair, and my whole body shudders at the sheer blasphemy of the act.

And.

"Whoa, oh ah....."

To my surprise, Katherine put her arms around my waist, which she had never done before, and started to press her head against me herself. It seemed that she wanted to feel it her self, not only being pressed against me.

Her throat began to twitch and writhe while gagging. Of course, it was different from the feeling of vaginal flesh. But this entwining, sucking sensation was exactly what I would call a mouth service.

"I'm going to cum, Katherine."

"Googg gooogn ♡"

Is this really going to be all right? I'm quite worried. But the force of Katherine pulling on my waist is stronger than the force of me pushing against her.

"Ggh, ohhhh!" I shreddered in her mouth.

"Go, gooooogh♡♡!"

My white cum poured down Katherine's mouth, through her throat, and directly into her stomach. *Spluuuut*! She accepted the semen as it was spewed out.

My hips bucked lightly - literally skewered her throat. Still, she sucks, clamps down, and fuels my lust.

"Haaah, that's awesome....."

My hips jerked with each splurt. Katherine received my cum, allowing it to soak her throat.

"Woah, ha....."

When I finished cumming, I relaxed a little. Still, my meat didn't deflate and remained buried in her mouth. When I tried to lift her head away, she refused, shaking her face as she clung to my waist.

――I'm the master here, right?

Well, never mind.

I let her do what she wanted and stroked her head.

And then she drained me twice more.

―― Well, it's this quite painful?

Assassin masochist, so terrifying.――

／

And now for the punchline of this situation.

Knock, knock.

Knock, knock.

Knock, knock knock knock!

The door was knocked on repeatedly.

"My Lord, Katherine, in know you two are here! I already asked Charlotte-sama! What happened to the document I asked Katherine to get signed!? Can you open the door!?

Answer me, you motherf〇cker!"

――This is bad!

Liz's pronunciation was good and that was quite a heavy word too. She was really angry! Liz had grown considerably more casual when we weren't working.

On the other hand, when Liz became affectionate, she became even more loving.

I think this is the kind of relationship I should have had with her, who was in charge of all the political affairs of this territory. To put it bluntly, because of my job, I have obviously spent more time with her than with Charlotte. And Liz is an aristocrat and has that kind of personality. ――

'I'm sorry to hear that. When Liz asked me, I told her that Desmond-sama and KAtherine are currently immersed in their own little world, and I was right, wasn't I?'

Charlotte you wicked witch! How could you convey it like that?!

'Fufu Well, it wasn't that urgent of a document, but Liz found it suspicious because it usually comes back right away. Basically, she's jealous and uses work as an excuse. Being a popular man sure is tough.'

That's what the legal wife, who has become increasingly jealous since I'm being with Liz, said.

'Poor me, isn't it? Desmond-sama can understand, right? I'm really sad, you know how your wife feels when Katherine tells you what I wanted you to say before I did! And that's even the part I haven't read yet.....'

――I'm so sorry!

I mentally perform a jumping dogeza. Spoilers are not prohibited, noted. After oral sex Katheine request some roleplaying but I didn't realize that this was her intention... Wait a minute? How much does Katherine know about me and Charlotte?

.....

And if I were to describe my current state, it would be...

"Ahhhh, hah, ahhhhhn.....♡"

I was being engulfed by Katherine's rear end in a rear cowgirl position.

"Katherine! Liz is here, you need to stop!"

"Ah... I want to continue to be favored by my Master... But then, there's also punishment for the bad maid who doesn't listen to orders... Ah, Fuue...♡"

Katherine wiggles her hips, not caring.

Get off, you stupid maid!

"Ooooh!"

Once she tightened her hole and wiggled her hips more, the pathetic master could only moan.

"It's okay, what Liz was just jealous... Hmm... I was told that it was fine to hand over the documents by dinner time.

Liz, honey, even the maids know about this, don't they? I mean, Katherine calls Liz out. That means you guys are actually good friends, aren't you?

And.

"My lord? May I come in? This business cannot proceed without your presence!"

*Knock knock!*

Hmm, isn't it so hash to say that it's just jealousy?

Liz-chan won't enter until she has permission. She's a model official.

But if she's doing her job while I'm flirting with the maid, she'd lose her temper even if she wasn't jealous.... But you haven't said anything until now, have you?

"Ahh, ah...... Desmond-sama's penis is going in and out of my naughty place. Nuh, nuh ah.....♡"

*squish* *squish* *squish*

And.

I can see it in full view as I move in and out of Katherine's voluptuous butt. She wiggles her hips up and down almost all the way so that I can see the act clearly.

"Ugh, damn it, ugh....."

――was it a mistake to have Katherine take the lead so that she wouldn't be exhausted. She's messing with the lord here.....

*Knock Knock.*

"My lord, why don't you open the door.....?"

――Stop it! Liz, don't sound so sad!

'I hear that Desmond-sama quite enjoys being scolded by Liz, I hope Liz scolds you to her heart's content. '

And Charlotte too!

"Master, master....... my ass, feels so good.....♡"

I'm telling you, don't shake your hips and get out of the way, you damn maid!

*Slap~*

"Hyaaaah! thank you for your reward, ah.....♡"

――Ugh, extremely counterproductive.

*Knock.....*

"Darling....."

――S-stop it! Liz, you sound like an abandoned puppy!

"If you ejaculate, I will stop. And it was also your cute little butt that made me want to delve into you."

'Kyaaaaa! Katherine! Why the next line! You shouldn't know it!'

There's really such a line in Charlotte-chan's favorite book, now I'm really curious about this Viviane-sensei...

"Darling....."

"Hah, Master......"

'But I really want you to say that line...'

A muffled voice came from behind the door.

A spoiled maid shaking her ass on my hip.

And my wife that is so faithful to her desires!

I wonder what I should do. It's like a test of the Lord.

The maid's charming voice echoes in the daytime in the master bedroom.

It's absurd that the bedroom is like this in the middle of the day. As they say, "Where there are three women, there is mischief" is strangely true.

This spoiled maid never backs down. ――And I'm not going to let her get away with it.

Today's lesson.

Never take a maid on duty who is in love with you into your room.

You will get burned.

――In more ways than one.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmm, huh, nuh, hhhn"

A muffled, faint moan of a woman.

"Ahh.. nnnn, nnnn..."

A squelching sound of something wet and sticky.

"Ahhhh, anh..."――No, I know I shouldn't do this, but I can't stop...., nnnn, my pussy... It's so lonely...

With a sweet, sad voice, she curled her body like a baby on the bed. Her supple fingers crept under her pants, consoling that aching spot with the method she had been taught by 'her'.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah..."

With a lovely sensation, the pouring obscene liquid engulfed her fingertips. Her fingers caressed the lecherous spot that she was increasingly discovering, and each time she did, a tingling lewd feeling went up her spine and shot through her entire body.

*roll* *roll*, she reaches for her erected clitoris.

She rubbed her plump breasts. She remembered the way he had worked on her, squeezing her plump chest, and found her nipples erect. She felt a sweet, longing tingle on the tip, seeking stimulation.

"Hi, heea, haa!"

As she plucked the nub, she yelped jerkily. The wonderful sensation permeates her naughty fruit. The shaking from rolling the filthy clitoris and her finger massaging the vaginal walls became more extreme.

"Ah, ah."――I've been getting more and more repulsive since then... I'm already pregnant with Desmond-sama's child, I'm such a bad woman...

"Ahhhh! Kuhiinnn!"

Her tanned face is now moist, and she closes her eyes. The pulse that courses through her "woman" body knows no boundaries, driving her body to the pinnacle of pleasure and compelling her to release.

――Ah, ah, this is bad.... it feels so good.... more, more...

"Oooh, oooh, nnghhhh.... It's coming..."

The body of the married woman curled up in the futon trembled. Her toes curled up as well.

The flesh pots where she'd poked her fingers in squeeze. It clenched around her woman's thin finger, oozing cloudy sticky secretions as it released its nectar.

"――Huh, ah..." Her eyes were misty and vacant with a sluggish but ecstatic look.

――Ha, I'm glad Charlotte-sama taught me this...

◇

My wife has been acting strangely lately.

No, not that she has gone crazy, but rather the opposite. Maybe it was me who became strange.

"Oh my, you're the one serving the food now? It was definitely worth being impregnated by Desmond-sama after all."

"Shut it."

I reacted bluntly to my wife Maia, who was beaming at me in the kitchen while serving soup. It was accurate, but hearing her say it irritated me. Maia had braided her flaxen hair and broad shoulders for a lady. Her tanned face might be regarded as handsome among women.

I married her about eleven years ago. I had known her, who was one year older than me, practically since I was born, as Aldora was just a tiny community.

We have three children. Our eldest daughter is 11 years old, our son is 7 years old, and our youngest daughter is 6 years old. Two of the three were daughters, which would have been quite bad luck if the lord had not been Desmond-sama.

Lord Desmond came to this territory eight years ago. When he came to this barren and desolate village, we all thought about killing him when he suddenly claimed to be our lord.

At that time, we were barely surviving and just getting enough to eat. If a noble came and taxes us, we would have been slowly heading toward our demise. If that were the case, we would have retaliated even if we knew we would be killed. The villagers clung to this barren land because of a story, a saga that was passed down from our ancestors.

But looking back, I shudder at the thought of fighting against that terrifying- no, a deity - the protector who improved this wasteland into rich soil with 'magic'. We couldn't even leave a scratch, let alone retaliate against those terrifying beasts, and we might be turned into fertilizer for this land. Thanks to Desmond-sama, this territory has become unbelievably prosperous. Not only that, even I and Maia have learned to read and write. But honestly, I was quite annoyed when she started asking me to do things like in the picture books she read.

Why the hell should I do that?

Praise a woman by comparing her to a flower? What do you think I am? an idiot? If you're going to praise her, aim for something like a horse since she's a skilled farmer. A flower is for someone like, well, like Desmond-sama's wife Charlotte-sama right? So, I praised Maia by calling her a horse, saying she worked hard in the fields, - oh, and gave birth to children like a pig. May be not as much, but admirable non the less. When I said that, she let out a sigh.

"Yeah right, I was stupid to expect anything from you."

"――What are you talking about! I praised you properly. You stubborn woman."

"――*Sigh*"

And two of the children she gave birth to me were daughters.

She want me to praise them often, but I never said it. Chatting and praising is a woman's job, men who talk too much are swindlers. That's why I didn't say anything. but now I think about it, it was quite a fortune. After all, if they were women, they could have received seed from Desmond-sama.

Desmond-sama not only made this territory rich, but he also gave us, commoners, the seed of a nobleman.

It is said that Sophie, the daughter of the village chief, did her best to do so - even if it was a product of sympathizing toward a sickly woman, it's unusual for a noble to bestow seed upon a commoner. According to the stories of those who fled from war to this village, nobles don't consider commoners to be the same as them, as people. I also have heard many horror stories regarding that.

In that case, it's natural to think that Desmond-sama isn't a noble, but a deity, a god, who bestows his seed upon the people of this territory, to those who are fortunate enough to receive it. Since he gives his seed to the commoner, both men, and women are happy about it.

In this sense, we have two chances. I want both my daughters to conceive Desmond-sama's children during the fertilization period.

――I had been thinking that...and then.

Last time, through Lady Charlotte's arrangement, Maia was able to conceive Lord Desmond's child. I never thought that a nobleman would sire a woman who had already given birth to three children..... so it seems she was a goddess too.

And Maia was successfully impregnated.

Well done.

She's my wife, after all.

But I couldn't praise her even if I wanted to.

"It's not for you, it's for the sake of the child. Don't misunderstand it.

"Yes, yes, I know."

What's with that smirk on your face?...

"Mmm, mmm♪..."

Maia is in a good mood as she takes the soup to her plate. I stared at my wife's familiar face...

"Hm? Is there something on my face?"

"N-no, it's nothing. I'll bring more over."

"Oh, thank you. But you're acting weird."

――Shut up.

Why is that? Her face should be the same as always, but lately, my eyes are drawn to it.

Sophie was the first to receive Desmond-sama's "seed" in this territory. She's my junior, therefore she's probably 26. I'd known she was unwell and frail since we were youngsters. We occasionally played together, but it was quite rare for us to play. She was constantly locked away in her room, reading.

Because her father was the village chief, she seemed to have had a lot of contact with Lord Desmond. That's how she fell in love with him. And if there was a chance she could bear Lord Desmond's child, she would be willing to be impregnated even if it meant dying.

That's how she got pregnant and gave birth, to be honest, I thought she was going to die. But now, she's even a teacher at the school. I knew she was smart because she was always reading books, but I never thought I'd be learning how to read and write from her.

Her recovery was thanks to being "seeded" by Lord Desmond.

As expected of Desmond-sama, the respect, and faith of the people in the territory increased.

Then, the old women started saying that if they were impregnated by Lord Desmond, their hips and back would heal. But the withered old women couldn't claim their "first-night rights." and even if they could, it would be difficult for Lord Desmond to impregnate them. The men are strongly against it.

Well, I don't think those old women were really serious... or were they?

Even if the seed didn't take root, it would be a boast for the women to say that they had been mated by a nobleman. Even more so in this territory.

They might have been serious after all...

We must protect Desmond-sama's precious seed!

――Well, I'm getting off track. Anyway, I can't even keep my cool when I see Maia these days. How can I say it....a man who is good at talking is a scammer so it's not my...no.

What I'm trying to say is that Maia may have been changed by Desmond-sama's 'seeding session' somehow. After all, she's like that after being impregnated.

In order for Maia, who is already a grown woman, to get pregnant, it might not be easy with just one attempt ――or maybe it was? I don't know, but ever since that day, my eyes have been drawn to Maia in a strange way. So that means she must have received it multiple times.

Nowadays, Sophie is not the only girl who was impregnated by Desmond-sama. I see them and they are the same as before, so I'm sure that my wife Maia repeatedly received Desmond-sama many times, just like Sophie.

――What a headache.

I appreciate it, but it would be unfair to the others if we were the only ones favored. For Desmond-sama's sake, it would be better not to tell the others. After all, being seeded in itself is already something special.

――this is quite troublesome, Haha...

――Haah, this is troublesome.

Because Maia, who got pregnant by being seeded by Desmond-sama, has changed.

In what way, some may ask? Even though she's just a farmer, she's been getting more and more beautiful lately. It didn't seem to be the case for the others, but it drew my eyes in a strange way.

At first, I thought that it was because of Desmond-sama's seed that she became stronger like a bear, even though she was already healthy. But that wasn't the case.

――She wasn't like a bear, at all.

Still, acknowledging her beauty is vexing, and even if I do think so, I wouldn't say it. But... oh well, at least I acknowledge it. Maia has become beautiful. And she's becoming more and more beautiful. However, even if she's my wife, if I start seeing her as a beautiful woman, her life as a farmer will be over. After all, she should be working, not dressing up.

But still, it seems like it's a sign that Maia has been liked by Desmond-sama and proof that she has been thoroughly impregnated by him. I'm happy, but there's nothing I can do about it. Even though she's receiving Desmond-sama's power and becoming beautiful, I can't say that...

God, what am I going to do?

Tell me, my lord, Desmond-sama, the guardian god.

But then one day.

It happened out of the blue. ――

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey dear, can you touch my body...?"

"O-oh...?"

At night, in our bedroom, Maia's bold country lady face loomed over me, her eyes wide and moist. Her flaxen hair was braided. Her nightgown is stretched to accommodate breasts large enough to nourish Desmond-sama's illegitimate baby, as well as her wide, healthy hips, enough to birth a child. But...

How did it come to this?

I don't know.

As I entered the bedroom, though, Maia's cheeks were unusually red and her breathing was labored. Her shoulders heaved as she exhaled heavily. So I went over to Maia's side and rubbed her back.

"Are you not feeling well? Remember, you're carrying Desmond-sama's precious offspring."

I patted her back.

"Hiiia! No! I was in the middle of something! No, you can't touch me with your hands!"

I stroked Maia's back. I had never done something like this before, so I didn't know how much pressure to use, but I tried to be gentle as much as possible...

"Ku... Ah... Ahh... Your hands, touches I've never experienced before... Fuu... rough hands, I want you to make me..."

"W-what, if there's something you want me to do, just tell me, if I can do it..."

As I said that, I found myself gasping at the look in Maia's eyes.

――What's with that misty look in your eyes? I've never seen your face like that before.

Maia put her hand on my chest, and I, too, fell on the bed under the pressure of this strangely powerful woman in a strange atmosphere.

Rustling, Maia's fingers stroked my chest.

"Hey, will you rub my chest for me?" Maia's eyes moistened.

"Why?" Are you a bear?

"...you said anything. No?"

―― This woman wasn't supposed to make such a spoiled face... And why is she showing her chest like that...

As I was thinking, I suddenly realized.

―― It must be Lord Desmond's doing.

After all, Desmond-sama had seen Maia's breasts before. When Maia said, "Do you want to touch them?" I was so scared that my heart almost stopped, but Lord Desmond was a generous man and let it slide. He must have been thinking about whether Maia had enough milk to raise children, as he was always concerned about his people.

How considerate he was to his people! other women in the town have felt Lord Desmond's gaze on their breasts as well, and it's become a common topic in the tavern.

And recently, it seems that Desmond-sama not only likes to look at breasts but also has a genuine love for them... Truly a guardian deity. It seems that he genuinely cares for them, not just out of consideration. The topic of which woman's breasts he likes the most has become the recent talk among the women in town.

So I started giving my daughter Hannah milk to drink. Of course, Hannah is very enthusiastic about it. If he likes her milk, he might even be willing to give her his seed until she is impregnated.

That's something that anyone thinks about in any household - even though this place has become a territory, the village was small, to begin with. Even if it has developed, the number of people is still small. I really wanted to keep it a secret, but rumors spread quickly. Well, if he permits, I might as well have him judge which daughter's breasts he prefers. After all, the girls are all eager to please him.

――Anyway, that's beside the point.

So, that means.

"Did Desmond-sama give you a massage there?"

"Yeah..." Myia blushed and lowered her head, her tanned cheeks turning red.

This woman... to think she received such favoritism.

As expected of my wife!

But I still won't say that.

"So, it feels so good that you wanted me to massage it to you too?"

"Yeah... my chest was aching..."

Maia is a little embarrassed, which surprises me.

Her chest was aching...no way.... could it be that Desmond-sama gave her a blessing to make her breasts produce more milk? It must be so! I'm grateful that he cares so much about us! He not only gave us offspring but also helped us raise them properly!

Truly a god!

However, it seems that it was too much for Maia, who is just a commoner, to endure to the point where she wanted me to massage her chest. Well, that's natural. There's no way a commoner and a god can have the same standard. Still, it made me feel warm inside to think that even Desmond-sama could be so careless.

So, to repay his kindness, I have to massage Maia's breasts.

◇

"hmmm.... hmmm.... hmmm..."

"Are you okay, Maia, you're making weird noises..."

"Big.... sturdy.... oooh.... nn..."

――It feels good... I have to admit, not as good as Desmond-sama's, but his fingers are so rugged....a man is rubbing them. It feels.... hmmm...n...

"Oh..."

Maia was pinned down by her stout husband, her top nightgown removed, and her bare, white, ample breasts were rubbed and kneaded. Although she had been rubbing and comforting herself recently, the sensuality of being rubbed by another person and by a man's fingers caused her to tremble.

Her face glowed with a troubled shine.

Sweat is beading on her forehead, and uncontrollable gasps escape from her parting lips.

"Hmph, n.... a little more, you can make it harder, n.... nhg..."

"Oh, ah.... is that about right...?"

"Hahhh..."

Maia's body was already on fire. The knobby fingers of the farmer, much rougher than Desmond-sama's, were squeezing her full breasts, causing the flames of lust to burn hotter and hotter.

With his mouth open, the husband rubbed and squeezed his wife's "womanly" appearance, which he had never seen before. He feels the elasticity of her nipples. Maia's nipples were plump and obscenely swollen.

Her sweaty skin already emanated a sweet, male-inducing fragrance, and if it had been Desmond - his "male" horns would have been erected in a heroic manner long ago. But a husband who had no knowledge of eroticism just looked at his sweetly panting wife, the thing between his legs still soft.

"Ah.... hmm..."

"Oh..."

He was simply overwhelmed by Maia, who was rubbing her breasts against him and wiggling her "womanly" body with a troubled face and voice. Still, he continues to rub her breasts out of his feelings for Desmond.

He like Maia, but it's complicated. His affection for her is only as a partner to have offspring. She is a farmer, and he considers her as a labor force to have two children. It's not just about reproducing, but more like a reproductive friendship.

Nonetheless, that is still an essential point to make, and it may be misconstrued. When you are a noble, you must cope with sheer, position, and a difficult family background. But he was just a farmer. Moreover, he revered Desmond, a nobleman, lord, and protector.

He deeply rejoiced that his wife had been sired and even impregnated as a gift. And if that precious mother's womb was distressed with Deity's blessing, he would not hesitate to comfort his wife, or rather he would feel as if he were making up for God's undoing, which would fill him with a sense of fulfillment and raise his faith.

Of course, he thought of Maia, but his faith in Desmond-sama exceeded that. Normally, he wouldn't do things like touching her chest, even if she became beautiful. Well, if it was said to improve breast milk, of course, he would do it.

This is the horror of religion.

The cult of Des.

By the way, the first letter of "Demon" is also "D". Devil too.

Maybe. It's just a coincidence.

"Please, touch my nipples, too..."

Maia pleaded with shivering lips.

"Oh, oh..."

"Hynnn!"

And when the husband touched her plump, swollen nipples, Maia's massive breasts shook. The husband is still surprised by Maia's reaction.

He admires her beautiful, troubled face, but he does not lust after her.

"More... more, touch my nipples... Pinch them, and roll them.... please..."

"Oh, oh..."

"Ahhh"

As he was told, he rubbed her nipples, and he feel the plump, squishy flesh. He also plucked and lightly squeeze them. Maia chirped and twisted herself around with a married woman's sex appeal.

The husband became fascinated by the sight of his wife, the look that he had never seen before, and as she begged him to do so, he kept rubbing her and torturing her nipples. Her lips shuddered and moaned, and she just kept on moaning sweetly.

The man is drawn to the woman, even if he is not lusting after her - or is it just an instinct? The husband, breathing hard, makes his wife scream on his god's behalf.

Maia's female body was becoming more and more aroused and raging.

The passion spark that had been poured into her womb that day and engraved there. It had been nursed and nurtured by her husband's gaze night after night.

――With the method that Lady Charlotte had taught her.

Without the knowledge of either of their husbands, The lord's wife was teaching the wives to do all kinds of naughty things.

If Desmond-sama had found out, he would have apologized with all his heart.

"Ngh, nn.... you..."

"What's wrong...?"

The husband has a feeling akin to a shiver when Maia comes close to his face with a vacant look in her eyes.

"Ng...?"

And then she put her lips on him.

Maia had been taught this by Charlotte. In physical practice.

――Wwwha, this woman, what... she put her lips on me!

"*Chu*, *chu*, *chup*... ah.... more oh... *chu* *chu* *chu*..."

Surprised, the husband continued to massage her large breasts and plucked her nipples."Aah." Rubbing it in the way she had taught him while Maia sucked his lips hungrily.

――Whoa...this feels kind of weird...hey, what's with the tongue...guoh...

"Nnghhhh, nn.... nnghhh...." Maia caught her husband's tongue with hers and rubbed it together in her mouth. Maia's body was gushing with tingling sweetness like electric currents.

――Kissing, it feels so good.... I wonder how many times Charlotte has made me cum just like this in practice...

If Desmond-sama knew, he would have apologized to the couple as much as he could.

"Nuoo..."

Despite his wife's lewd and agitated outburst, the husband simply let her do it. Her tits were squeezed and her nipples rolled, but she also tongued him and put her saliva into him. He gagged reflexively. It was the first time he had been made to swallow someone else's saliva. Even if it was from his wife, whom he did not hate, it would not be surprising if he thought she had gone crazy in a world without eroticism.

But Desmond-sama.

To think that he had done this much to her――

―― his faith was being tested.

This is already a test of faith.

"Nngh, nngh."

Maia's voluptuous body undulated.

She rubbed her limbs flirtatiously and shook her big ass.

"*Chup*, *chup*.... hmmm...."

"Puuuha," the husband breathes loudly as his wife finally let go.

"Y-you...." The husband's face looked surprised. the aftertaste of his wife clinging to his tongue - sweet.

Her heart was pounding so hard it hurt. No, not only that――

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wha..... what is....."

The husband's lower body turns hot. The blood was circulating there.

"Oh....."

Maia realized all this because she was straddling his waist.

It is the physical changes that 'usually' cannot occur without the use of lubricant. Moreover, it's something that is applied, inserted, and poured in as usual. It's not surprising her husband doesn't notice it.

However, when Maia realized this, she felt a shiver run down her spine.

Her body was awakened by Desmond-sama.

Although it is true that she was relieved of her tension by daily masturbation, what was most striking was the sensation of having Desmond-sama poured deep inside her.

"Ha..... ah..... you....."

"Uguuu!.....W-This is..."

His wife's slender fingers were touching the angry flesh stick. With a loving grip and some rubbing, his stubble chin raised without even thinking of resisting what was being done to him.

"Ooh, ooh!"

He jumps with a jolt at his wife's unpracticed hand.

Even though he is not a virgin, this is the first time he get an erection without lubricant or had it rubbed anywhere but inside a vagina. Moreover, even if it is a vagina, the only time it is rubbed is during mating, and it will immediately fade away once he ejaculates.

This was his first hand job. And it was with a woman's soft fingers, which are different from those of a man. It is true that Maia is a farmer, and her hands are not smooth like those of the noble lady. However, It was still a woman's finger, and the sensation of being rubbed against the skin of her body was rather pleasant.

But it was the first time for her to do so, and it was very intense.

"Ou, ouch, ah!"

He buckles up. He grunts as Maia, who has been with him for many years, handles him like he's a little boy. Maia, a married woman, looks at him with a dazed expression on her face.

"Oh, dear..... I want this..... inside my vagina....."

"What..... inside your vagina? No, ugh! Because in your womb, Desmond-sama's child is..... ug....."

Maia jerks him. roughly.

"Oh, oooouh!""

Her husband's hips jostle wildly at the heightened sensation of urination.

-Chastity had been reversed.

"Oh..... I can't take it anymore. I'm sure that if you insert this, I'll finally be satisfied," Maia's eyes had become vacant and misty.

"Charlotte-sama said. Maybe if I approach you, you might get an erection. But of course, you're too stubborn to do such a thing. Besides, you think I was weird. ――But now, with you actually having an erection, there was no way I can resist. It makes me want to put your penis in me....."

Maia licked her lips.

The sight of her, the lasciviousness...

――A snake!

He shuddered. She was not a horse, a pig, or a bear, but a snake. Literally, now he was like a frog staring at a snake, unable to move as he was shimmying around. He can't leap away from this thing no matter how much he wanted to.

But even though he does not lust for her, he has no reason to feel bad about being desired by his beautiful wife. After all, if I let her put his penis inside her, she will be satisfied, too.

――gulps.

"Hmm," Maia's smile deepened at the sight of her husband." it's okay. It's true I'm pregnant, but Charlotte gave me her blessing so, it's fine if we do not do anything too violent. Not only Desmond-sama, she was also a goddess too."

"――Amazing.....amazing....."

The gush of faith makes him lose his vocabulary.

Maia gets up on her knees over her husband and pulls down her own pants and underwear. Her flaxen bush was soggy and wet "Hah..... nnn....." Maia traced the crack and checked the wetness.

lewd juices slid down her thighs.

"She said it's okay if I just insert your penis in and shake my hips..... and that making me feel good is better for Desmond-sama's child..... ――Charlotte-sama told me."

―― A child who is pleased when their mother feels good, how kind. As expected of Desmond-sama.

If a devout Aldora resident were to be told such a thing, there was no way he could refuse.

First and foremost, a spouse cannot resist if your partner's underwear is pulled down with your glans exposed and being toyed with.

Maia's mouth hung open at the sound of his grunts, and she slowly lowered her hips, spreading her legs as she stood on her knees. She placed the tip of his flesh against the entrance.

"Ohhhhhh....."――Ah, it's not my first time, but what, what is this feeling..... He lifts his chin and moans.

"Haa, ah.... n.... amazing.... you're so hot, so strong..., just like this..."

Maia ecstatically accepts the scorching meat stick into her body.

"Ahhhh, ahhh....."

Although Desmond-sama spread her open to the limit the other day, she has been empty for a long time. The number of times she received was not much in the first place. Even though she inserted her fingers into her every day, the thickness was different. But still, she seemed to have loosened up.

"Huh, ah....."

The juice overflows from the spread honey lips, and Maia tastes her husband's meat stick again for the first time in a long time. The hot, flesh stick pries open the woman's passage, rubbing the vaginal walls as it penetrates deeper and deeper.

"Nghhh, nghhh!" The woman's brow furrows into a figure eight, her face pained. However, her voice is colored with pleasure.

She slowly lowered her hips and accepted her husband into her vagina.

She felt the pulsation in her vagina like, and then she felt it throbbing and pulsing.

"Aha... I didn't realize you had such a shape. After all, you have a different shape than Desmond-sama....."

――I'm not sure you should be comparing me to him.

He thought so, he gritted his teeth and looked anguished. ――if I were to shoot out my semen here, I would be defiling Desmond-sama's child, which is already in Maia.

"Guuuuuhhhh....." he gritted his teeth as if he is fighting his inner demon.

If he relaxes even a little, he's going to burst.

Maia was smiling like a compassionate mother at the sight of such a husband." It's okay, if you feel like you're going to release, let it out. I heard that Desmond-sama's illegitimate seed doesn't get defiled, you know. Besides - ah, ugh....."

Maia starts to wiggle her hips and rubbed the manhood in her vagina with her woman fold.

"Ooohhh, ohhhh..... no, stop....."

He feels the sensuality of the woman's flesh.

"Haaaa..... your penis feels so good, oh..... I wanted this. I didn't want your fingers, I wanted you to hit me..... nn..... inside me. Ahh, ah....."

"Nggghhhh!"

Truly, a reversed chastity.

The sound of the male's organ being swallowed by the woman's lower mouth is accompanied by the wet sound as Maia swings her hips.

"Hah, hah,..... wow,..... the feeling when a penis rubs my vagina..... ah, nngh! If Desmond-sama did this to me, I-I'll..... ah, hah,.....♡"

"Gosh, oh no, stop it, stop it..... it's coming out, it's coming out, it's coming out....."

"No, you will shoot your seed out. In my womb, which has conceived Desmond-sama's child... aah..." Maia's legs and waist move rhythmically as a result of her farm job.

Maia was so happy.

Her hip movement is still actually quite poor, but she is hopeless against her husband. That's why she's able to taste her husband's cock, caressing and pounding her spot at her leisure.

"Ah, an..... your penis is rubbing against it..... hmm, ah,..... are you about to ejaculate?"

"But...I can't..... if you pour my seed on Desmond-sama's seed, I'll defile it....."

Her husband, who holds back his ejaculation with steel faith even if he seems to be in pain, must have the qualities of a clergyman. But then Maia's words stucks him.

"I want to have you ejaculate inside my vagina. If you do that, it's better for Desmond-sama's offspring. He really is like a god after all. And if you do that, Desmond-sama's offspring will be raised with your seed. isn't that great?"

Her husband's eyes widened in surprise.

"My seed, Desmond-sama's child.....?"

"Yes."

"What..." ―― So you're saying that Desmond-sama borrowed Maia's womb and my child...

――Stop! we can't go any further!

seriously. It's like they are from different religions.

"So, feel free to ejaculate, you know..... Ah!"

"ooooooohhh!"

Her husband, who was being straddled and bucked by Maia, was thrusting his hips up with a roar like a bull. Instantly.

*splurt* *splurt* *splurt*, *thump*, *thump*.....!

As if a faucet had broken, the scorching white muck spurted out toward the womb in which Desmond-sama's child dwelled.....

"Oh, oh, oh....." The husband was shuddering with his eyes and mouth open from the ejaculation. However, there existed a legal pleasure similar to that of a seeker trying to get closer to God.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah... Amazing,... Your seed is coming into me... Hi, ah,..I, I got it. I got your seed."

Faith knows no bounds as the male and female moans entwined.

He continues to pour his pent-up hot faith into Maia's womb.

――I can't believe this is happening.....

As expected of Desmond-sama...

He becomes enthralled by the sensation of ejaculation gushing into a woman's womb.

Maia closed her eyes and felt it in her vagina.

――I wonder whether he can do it again.....

／

"Good morning father, I see you're late today."

"O-oh....."

"Hey, you look really tired, did you have trouble sleeping?"

"No, that's not what happened....."

Is passing out really the same thing as sleeping?

"Um... are you okay? Sorry, I may have gone too far..."

"I'm fine. Actually, you seem very energetic..."

"Yeah... well, I had plenty last night after all." Maia is even more lively and shining than usual.

Then,

".....um, I wonder.....when you feel like doing it again..."

"...............................................................................................................................I'll do my best."

This is the morning scene of a certain victim couple.

His faith was being tested from early in the morning.

――What the hell! What did Desmond-sama do!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So? Has your husband been taking good care of you, Maia?" Charlotte asked.

The house of Baron Desmond Damwead, the lord of Aldora, where Maia, a farmer, had brought some harvested vegetables and fruits to be delivered. They were then invited to have tea in the courtyard with Lady Charlotte.

Although her husband had offered to carry the product in place of Maia, who was carrying the baron's heir, she declined, Maia said that she was fine because she had been blessed by Charlotte and that she had been invited by her.

The tea was served on a white table, with delicate white porcelain teacups that made Maia, a simple farmer feel intimidated despite the wealth brought by Baron Desmond's reforms. They were served pastries made in the mansion and ruby crimson tea with a fragrant aroma.

Sitting opposite her was Lady Charlotte, the baron's wife, with wavy platinum blonde hair and a beautiful, adorable face. Her big emerald eyes were like real gems, and her delicate petal-like lips gave an air of luxury to even the teacup she held, which seemed to turn red.

Charlotte wore a white dress embroidered with flower patterns that exuded an innocent and charming aura, but her plump and ample bosom, always catching Baron Desmond's eyes, was tantalizingly seductive. Moreover, she had a noble sensuality that permeated everything around her.

Even though she considers her a friend, she can't believe that she is being allowed to join her tea party. Moreover, she felt embarrassed about their conversation.

"Well, um... yes, he's been taking good care of me."

The farm woman's strong, tanned face flushes slightly in embarrassment.

Maia was caressed by Desmond-sama, Charlotte's husband, the lord of this "Aldora territory" and was conceived through subsequent penetration and vaginal ejaculation. Although he did not thrust into her vigorously, his passion pressing against her vagina was intense. She was filled with a large amount of his semen, eager to impregnate her.

The pleasure was imprinted on her womb.

She heeded Charlotte's instructions the other day, and despite the fact that she had been soothing herself up until that point - again, based on Charlotte's instruction - she allowed her husband to get near to her, caress her, and make his penis so comfortable that it could spit out semen.

Nevertheless, after she began having intercourse with him, Maia's female body became ravenous, yearning for more and more. While she typically restrains herself from demanding it, when the chance arises, she tended to go overboard. And if they overdo it, it will disrupt the following day's work.

She had to restrain herself, and she did. Despite his best efforts, men in this world can only manage one ejaculation every three days. It took time to recharge, and her spouse thought she was attractive, but sexual desire was a different story.

He never showed an interest in embracing her. He felt comfortable during the act, but he only got an erection when Maia seeks it. Perhaps it was not entirely pleasures. They also performed the doggy style and missionary positions that Charlotte had taught her but...

Maiya lowered her eyes and took a sip of tea, feeling a little embarrassed.

――It's delicious.

Putting aside the conversation, her cheeks relaxed. Her flaxen braids shimmered in the sunlight. She also had a bosoms that was no less impressive than Charlotte's.

Katherine, sporting small breasts in her maid's attire, and Monica, the trainee maid who is still maturing, were there for their tea party.

Maia knew Katherine, but Monica――

"Katherine-san, Maia-san is also pregnant with Des... master's child――isn't she?"

"Yes." Katherine replies.

She let her guard down too easily. She definitely needed more training.

"I haven't seen her at the mansion since I arrived, I don't know how she put up with that. So she came here because she couldn't stand not being fucked by master――oh, maybe he's doing it to her outside this mansion...?"

"No, Maia-san has a husband. With Charlotte-sama's advice, they have been able to do it. But, outside huh? That sounds good too."

Maia's face blushes more and more at the gossip between the two maids, which is overheard in hushed tones.

――"*cough*"

Charlotte clears her throat, and the maids keep their mouths shut. Monica brought her hand in front of her mouth.

The lord's wife was having a tea party, but Maia was a commoner, so the two maids are quite relaxed.

"So, are you satisfied?"

Charlotte asked. Monica kept her mouth shut but instead listened with interest. Although she didn't express it, her tail was wagging with anticipation.

"Um, well..."

Maia glanced at the two maids, but her eyes swam when she saw Charlotte as well.

*grin*

Charlotte smiled mischievously.

"So? that's the answer then."

Maia became a little flustered and said, "N-no, I-I mean...my husband treats me well. We can do it properly... But, we can only do it once every three days, and even though he's not as skilled as Desmond-sama, I'm glad he tries his best."

Charlotte teased her, "You're so in love with him."

"I agree."

"Un."

"What are you... saying.... ugh...?" said Maia, turning her head down.

――could it really be love?

Let's discuss it later.

"In that regard, I do it every day, morning, noon, and night." The 29-year-old boasted, The remaining two pole sisters also nodded in agreement.

"Yes, our Master is a sinful man."

"Yeah. It depends on the situation, but he has sex when he can."

T-that's...

――was it envy? I wonder.

"Last night it was all three of us together. It was wonderful... We lined up side by side, and in turn, he pounded us in the back over and over again, and he poured lots and lots of cum into our womb and tummy..."

*haaah*

Charlotte let out a hot breath. She was so ecstatic that it was not a question that she was already wet.

"Someone like master...if I remember correctly, they call him 'unequaled'."

"That's right, Desmond-sama is unmatched."

"Then what would we call Charlotte-sama, who can match her husband?"

"I am insatiable."

It's not indecent. It's just a refined pastime for a lady.

"I envy you so much. If I were attacked by master, my legs would give out immediately...hah." Katherine let out a faint sigh. She wanted to be taken more and have her butt pounded harder, but it was difficult to avoid being knocked out too quickly.

As expected of a useless masochistic maid.

Her almost expressionless and cold beauty suddenly relaxed and became hot.

Maia stared at this appearance with a look of astonishment.

"I was confident in my stamina too, but that feeling is really beyond limits. I was cumming, but Master kept thrusting and ejaculating into my vagina.... wahhhhhh...♡"

――Wow, this girl is still a little girl, but she looks so beautiful...

The fifteen-year-old apprentice maid girl had the look of a bitch in heat. Maia's breasts are also aroused by this somehow.

『――Haah』

The feverish exhalations of the three sisters overlapped.

The difference between Maia's experience and theirs was too much.

And so, the eldest sister of the pole sisters began to solicit. "So, Maia, if you're not satisfied, why don't you join us?"

Des religion.

A religion that gathers religious beliefs from men and keeps women in thrall to pleasure. Such a diabolical cult must be eradicated at the earliest opportunity. Unfortunately, there is no one here to stop it.

"It seems that Maia's husband would be rather pleased with that. Katherine already checked it."

"Oh, well, I'm sure he'll rejoice."――in a sickening sort of way.

Maia's eyes were distant.

"So, but... if that is true, I'll...."

――If I'm subjected to that kind of thing again, I...

No wonder Maia hesitated.

After all, she has heard about how Desmond-sama keeps up during their activity, as her husband cannot. If he were to do that to her, Maia wouldn't be able to stand it. And...

――It would be lucky if it ended with that.

"But you are interested, aren't you?"

*grin*

And with that, Charlotte-sama's large, lascivious eyes turned into a crescent shape.

"Well, umm..."

Maia's cheeks were flushed as she replied.

"Maia-san, why don't we line up on the bed together with our butts in the air and take turns being mated, one by one, by master? I was shy at first too, but it's getting more and more comfortable."

"――"

The girl's statement almost makes her eyes pop out.

"Your butt looks fine, too."

"M-my butt!?"

――No, bad maid, stop that.

That's not appropriate

"No! not just ass.....everything♪... your mouth, your pussy, your ass... I want it all over my body!"

The lord's wife was out of control.

No one could urge her to pull her own weight.

"If you are frustrated, join us Maia, and we will all have Desmond-sama fuck us."

"Oh....fuck... and.... ahhh..."

Three pregnant women make their mouths gaping like fish.

"L-let me think about it..."

*flush*

Maia's face turn hot, almost boiling.

"You're always welcome here."

"yeah."

"Um."

The three pole sisters' Des cult preaching has been nothing short of arduous.

But.

"Still, it will be after Desmond-sama returns from his trip, won't it?"

Charlotte-sama's mood had changed a little.

How so?

Maia couldn't put it into words.

"Is he going out?"

Maia stared at Charlotte's face. Her face was as lovely as ever, with big emerald eyes. But somehow...there was also a feeling of something scary.

"Yes, that's right. To a different territory."

"You nobles have it tough."

"Yes, we do. That's why..."

Charlotte took a teacup and placed a delicate petal-like lips on it. A kiss that would make anyone swoon. Her white, slender throat swallowed the tea with an audible gulp.

"I'm going to go handle it."

In the corner of her vision. Monica trembled.

Her animal instincts seemed to have sensed something.

――Fufu.

When Charlotte smiled charmingly, her smile was still cute but...

Maia felt a slight chill down her spine.

"So after that, if you would like to――"

she didn't know why the chill was still here.

"Let's feel it, together."

"A-ahahaha..."

What should she do?

But still...

――I am interested, I guess.

The sun of Aldora is gradually raising its temperature toward summer.

But which way will the sun be shining tomorrow?

It must be the direction of desire.

The lord's wife's wife looks at her.

Charlotte smiled cutely.

"――Fufu♪"

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

" Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah..."

*Slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap* *slap*

As usual, a woman's panting resonates in my bedroom. The naked body lying on all fours, I grab her hips and thrust against them relentlessly.

"Desmond-sama, Desmond-sama~..."

The one calling my name with a sweet voice is Sophie. Her loosened light brown hair cascades down her smooth back, gently swaying with each push I make. She desires nothing more than to be used by me, and she literally offers her body to serve me.

Though I have no intention of "using" her that way.

But I can't help it, because she takes pleasure in it. She's a commoner, and she's letting me, a nobleman, "use" her.

What a woman. Then I have no choice but to use her to my heart's content.

――Gufufu.

"Ahhhh, ahhhhh ~~~~, ahhhhh ~~ ♡♡♡♡!"

I mercilessly hammered her with my scorching thick column of flesh. Her buttocks slammed against my thighs and our sweat spattered off of each other. The sweet, passionate flesh entwines with my meaty shaft as I repeatedly pump in and out of her, and she squeezes me flirtatiously, wanting me to impregnate her.

*Grriiinndd!*

"Ah ♡♡!!"

Sophie's back arched up, jerking and twitching as I savagely smacked the back of her vagina with my shaft

Breathing hard on her sweaty skin, I penetrate deep inside her and then put my arms around her and pull her up into a sitting position, her back aginst my chest. Sophie squeals with ecstasy as I pull her breast with my left hand. My right hand is going at our united parts.

I press down on the plump, swollen meatballs with my fingers and knead them.

"Aaaaah! Hieeaa! No! Desmond-sama, you're going to make me crazy♡!"

With a cocking motion, my left finger flicked her nipple. I buried my nose in her neck and and enjoyed Sophie's scent. Her legs straddle my knees, her thighs spread wide apart that it's beyond shameful. I grabbed her, drew her close, and filled her vagina all the way with my cock.

"Aaahhh.... Desmond-sama.... that feels so good, so good..."

"Now, Sophie, shake your hips, put some pressure on your pussy, wiggle it and taste my cock properly."

She makes an audible, guttural cry as I rotate her hips, rubbing our flesh together.

"Ngh, ngh, hmmm..."

*schurp*, *schurp*.... *squish*, *squish*.....

"Do you hear that, Sophie? That's the sound of Sophie's naughty pussy enjoying my cock."

"Oh....please don't say that, Desmond-sama...."

"But Sophie's cunt is crying a lot. Besides, It's Sophie that doesn't stop moving her hips."

I gyrate my hips.

"Ahhh, ha... because it feels so good.... nnnn, haaaan...♡"

――Gufufu.

Sophie is slowly and gradually becoming more and more licentious. She delights in feeling my cock in her. Sophie still hasn't conceived yet. Although it would be a huge problem if Liz got pregnant, but that's not the case for Sophie.

But that doesn't mean that she can't get pregnant, since she hasn't reached the "fertilization period" yet.

"Ahhh, hiiinnn!"

I thrust my cock against her cervix, and she gasped, squirming.

"Sophie, I'm going to cum. Recieve it properly in your womb, okay?"

"Ahh, An ♡ Hahi.... ♡ Yes ♡ ―― Ahh!"

I grabbed her hips and pulled her down onto my cock as hard as I could. With a squeak, her cervix begins to engulf my shaft, and I mercilessly ejaculate into Sophie's womb.

*splurt* *splurt* *splurt* *spluuuuuuurt*

"Hiah! Hah, uhhh... ♡ It's...It's in... Desmond-shama's hot, slimy juice... haaa, so much, ah......"

"... Ah... That's right, Sophie's uterus is swallowing my semen right now..."

"Haah..."

Sophie's body convulses and she is intoxicated by the sweet sensation of being stuffed. I embrace her, and I too become intoxicated by the euphoria of the pleasure of seed ejaculation.

――Ha, that feels good...

Sophie had not yet participated in our group play. The only ones participating in it currently were the three pole sisters, Charlotte, Katherine, and Monica. Of course, Liz would not join them.

The ladies who live in this mansion are favored by the lord. And it's a man's dream to have all of them in bed, but Sophie is shy, and Liz is...

'Unacceptable!'

Despite that, they all want to do it with me, so we do it separately――of course, I also have one-on-one sessions with each of the three sisters too.

As for Sophie and Liz's group sex, since I don't want to force them to do something they don't want to do, I will have to wait for another time. But, the more the merrier, right? When I think about it. Monica really loves her sisters so much. She acts like a "dog" that's very happy to be a part of the "pack".

So today, it's one-on-one action with Sophie.

Now, how many times can I ejaculate inside her vagina before she goes soft and limp?

――Gufufu

"Ahhhhhh!" I grasp her breasts and pinch them, and the creampied folds of her vagina tighten up sweetly.

So, what should the next position be?

However,

I can't help but think about it a little.

What are the others doing right now?

The lord was thinking while thrusting into his mistress.

◇

"Haa!"

A crisp, piercing battle cry pierces the air.

In the circular sand arena stands a maid, dagger at the ready.

With reddish, upswept hair and a cold, beautiful appearance, she focuses her narrow brown eyes intently on her opponent, an assassin with white hair and blue eyes who was a former <Shadow> of the Swift family and goes by the title 《Ephemera》.

The opponent uses "Stealth" to blend seamlessly into her surroundings, becoming one with nature, and places herself outside of her own detection. To capture her, one must constantly remain focused, and even then, just the thought of "attacking" her can cause her presence to slip away.

In other words, it's just like a "natural" "breeze".

Whether the wind is strong or not, we are aware of it, but we normally keep it out of our minds and do not pay attention to it.

Such as 【Idleness】. However, it still exists. If you look at it and try to be aware of it, it will manifest. But an ordinary person cannot sense her presence in the first place, and even if she were conscious enough to be aware of her, she would have to concentrate even more to be able to capture her.

She tries to attack that "presence'.

But, she lost track of it the like a literal wind, making it impossible to attack.

Would it be possible to capture her if one tries to be aware of everything at once? Or perhaps, separating the intent from bodily awareness, allowing the body to move on ingrained reflexes?

Katherine, a skilled maid who had also mastered the "art of assassination," focused intently on finding a way to defeat her opponent. She was currently engaged in a match against 《Ephemera》, who had recently become Charlotte's sister (tentative).

In other words, it's a sister bonding activity.

This is the basement of Desmond's mansion. The underground arena.

In order to get along, all you have to do is to have a match with someone, literally.

Of course, it was not only that. It was also training.

Watching from outside are Lady Charlotte, Liz, Monica, and Randolph, who supervises the two fighters on the sand arena.

Although there is only one man in the room full of women, it is not a Randolph harem - just to make that clear.

And if you ask me if Desmond's harem includes Randolph, the answer is as good as anyone's guess.

No matter how much effective Charlotte's blessing may be, it is necessary to ensure the safety of the pregnant Katherine, and to prevent harm to the audience.

There is no better candidate than Randolph.

And today, the 【Grayhound】 of Aldora also gets deployed here. This old man... He has been active all his life, and rather more lively than he used to be.

――Katherine kicks the ground.

Her maid skirt sways.

How can such graceful and smooth movements be made with that fluttering skirt? Despite the bad footing on the uneven sandy ground, she moves as if gliding.

*Swoop*!

The dagger in Katherine's hand slides through the air.

Though Ephemera is not there, Katherine senses her presence. She switches her grip on the dagger mid-attack and quickly spins to sweep the shadow behind her.

Missed.

But only a hair length.

Katherine steps forward and swings her dagger.

Missed, missed, missed.

It does not hit.

However, the fact that she can detect Ephemera at all is strange.

I thought she was not just an ordinary person when she was at the Swift estate, but it seems that she has been honing her skills tirelessly since then.

【Shadow Piece】.

Occasionally, piercing strikes fly from Katherine's dagger. It's extremely hard to distinguish them if mixed with actual sword strikes. Moreover, the movement is small, making them difficult to notice as she weaves her strikes between realms of reality and illusion, approaching Ephemera.

However, Ephemera was avoiding all of Katherine's attacks while being impressed by her skills.

The shadow of Ephemera lingered.

Since she used 【Idleness】 to turn herself into something "natural", the shadow was rather "unnatural."

For a moment, Katherine was distracted by the shadow.

――It's over.

At the place where Katherine's attention was drawn, there was no Ephemera. Not even a shadow.

And then, Katherine felt a hand chop at her neck.

"Well, it looks like we have a winner,"

The kindly old man says with a smile.

"Ephemera, How was it?" he asked for feedback.

"I'm losing confidence."

"Ho."

"I'm afraid this is all I have to offer, as I can only use one skill." she shrugs, expressing a lot of emotion. Has the lord's wife's education been effective?

And with a troubled expression, she averted her eyes. "Just keeping up with this has me feeling uneasy. If we continue this practice, her skills will only improve. Honestly, I'm losing confidence. But... why is it that there are so many talented people in this region?"

Even though the Maid takes care of her master, escorts him, and even handles intelligence, it is unusual for her to be able to match Hermit《Ephemera》, the top ace of the Shadow, who is a genuine intelligence agent, and assassin.

With Gray Hound at the top of the list, The Baron's wife who corrupted her at the second, then the information mage who can dig through human minds, and that cute maid girl are also not normal too, she already knows that.

"Hohoho, that must be because of Lord Desmond's charisma."

"Yes, it is."

".....No doubt."

"Yes."

"That's right!"

"Humph, so different from the last burrow."

Ephemera sniffed, but she couldn't deny that she was not entirely displeased to be welcomed there.

"Well then, next up is me, let's fight!"

Monica, the strongest in the battle-crazy Moiré Village, jumped innocently while revealing her dog ears and tail. When she swung her arms, they were animal arms. She had started using her Partial 【Beastification】.

"Wait, I also want to exercise once in a while."

――What?

Madam Charlotte?

Even someone like 《Ephemera》 is a little surprised.

But――what exercise exactly?

This is in the field: not a bed. And of course, Randolph is there too, it's supposed to be a serious combat training ground, so she shouldn't be using her fighting techniques (suggestively) here.

―― really, which one?

"Is that alright for you?"

"Ah, yes..."

When she was asked by the referee, she has no option but to nod. Then, Lady Charlotte descends onto the sand with a step reminiscent of walking through a flower field.

Her platinum blonde hair has waves, and her face is cute despite her beauty, with big emerald eyes. Today's outfit is a lovely summer-like one-piece embroidered flower pattern.

She doesn't like the fighting type at all.

"Fufuーfuーfu, Well then, I'm going to start first. okke?"

"Please don't copy me, thank you."

"Said the one who stole Desmond-sama from me."

"......Fine."

Liz retreats while Madam Charlotte heads towards Ephemera. Originally, considering that Ephemera visited this territory to assassinate her, it is an extremely dangerous act.

However, she elegantly says, "I've been taught this and that by onee-sama."

"Ho." says Randolph.

"Ha?" Exclaim Ephemera.

――Onee-sama?

Aren't you the eldest sister here?

――Don't tell me.

The true eldest sister, Charlotte onee-sama's onee-sama.

The infamous "Platinum Demon". The kidnapper of the noble's daughter, the 《Platinum Breaker》, Teresa Terrace.

The fierce smile on her brown face, which is also one of the "strongest" like "gray Hound," returns to Ephemera's mind's eye. Perhaps the Gray Hound Randolph Steiner had a similar smile.

The smile of a "demon" showing off her white, pointy canines.

No no no, even if it was true, that must be so many years ago...

Then.

Charlotte lifted her clenched fist at Ephemera, then, holding up each finger one by one, she said

"【Fireball】."

Her palm opens. A fingernail-sized flame is lighted at the tip of each of her fingers.

Parallel magic formula activation, processing spells, all with just a single finger gesture. Moreover, it was【Fireball】 that is compressed to the size of a fingernail.

As she closed her hands, the five 【Fireballs】 resonate and further boost its magical proficiency. Her right hand was roaring and screaming with the power of "flame."

"Hohoho, the demon's sister is also a demon it seems." said the "Hound" with a very joyful smile.

"Are you kidding..." Ephemera's eyes widened.

"If you underestimate me, then you're a fool! I'll put you in your place."

"Charlotte-sama, that's not appropriate. Also, I didn't know about it either," said Katherine.

"Oh, it's a phase from Desmond-sama's manga. I also saw something interesting there, so I gave it a try."

"I see, I understand."

"No, it's not okay to brush it off, you Shitty maid!"

"Well, master drives women crazy." the useless maid said nonchalantly.

"Oh, Liz, did you learn that term from Desmond-sama? ....In the bed."

"........(Blushing)"

"Wafuuuu..." Monica's dog tail wagged uncontrollably between her legs.

Then Charlotte turned to Ephemera,

"Tsk"――Ephemera fully activates her own <Magic Circuit>, cancels "Stealth", and activates 【Shadow Armament】. Shadows begin to cover her shirt. and pants.

"Can only use one skill, you say."

Katherine narrow her eyes and look at her.

Lady Charlotte gleefully said, "Eat this Ephemera. This is what Desmond-sama has bestowed upon me――"

――No, I didn't teach you any of that.

――Also I can't even use 【Fireball】 in the first place.

If he were here, he would probably say that. But now, he's in the warm embrace of his mistress.

But he doesn't know that a terrible taboo (in many ways) is about to be committed in the underground.

"【Five Fin⬤er Flares】!"[1]

"Aaaahhhh!" Ephemera can't help but screams.

Released along with Charlotte's adorable voice was a fierce stream of flames.

However, looking at the shape of the flames, it was clear that the flames from her five fingers had mixed together, turning it into something like 【Dra⬤on of the Dar⬤ness Flame】instead.[2]

*Clang*!

"Now now, this might startle the maiden. 【Eight Dog Formation】 "

Said Randolph, as he formed the seal.

"Charlotte-sama, please control yourself."

"I think so too."

said the D Sisters, amazed and scared.

--As for what with that nefarious magic?

Well, if everyone is unharmed, that's good enough for now.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

***

【In japanese】 (but in this case, it's English)

Dear Father,

I hope this letter finds you in good health among the lush vegetation. I hope your garden is also thriving. The golden fruit trees' leaves are growing, and the flowers are in full bloom. The roots are robust, and bees are buzzing, so a big harvest does not appear to be far away.

As for myself, I, Liz Bergamot, am still living safely under the patronage of Lord Desmond Damwead of Aldora. Even though I may not be the best daughter, I want you to know that I'm not causing any problems and I'm trying my hardest to not make you worry.

Baron Damwead has been increasingly relying on me as a government official despite me being a woman, I am grateful for this rare opportunity. I am putting all my efforts into this role in the hopes of fulfilling it successfully.

However, Baron is always concerned about me and recently suggested that I take a break. But as a young and inexperienced person, I still have much to learn and I find joy in my work, so I declined.

Please forgive this unfilial daughter for not visiting our home. As they say, a child can only truly grow up without parents, like a lion that drops its cub into a ravine. Despite my unworthiness, please rest assured that I am doing well―― and so on (the rest is omitted)

Sincerely,

Liz Bergamot

***

【True meaning】

Long time no see, shitty daddy.

How are you? I am doing well here and enjoying my days even more. I have no intention of returning there, so please don't be upset.

Ah, so... Finally, Darling gave me a lot of love. I've been getting ejaculated in my vagina so many times...and said he would do it again and again..... haaah...

So, um, it seems that having a baby may not be far off in the future... Ehehe.

So let's make it clear, you stay out of our business and we'll stay out of yours,

Okay?

And let me repeat, I am happy being with my darling. I may have been a disobedient daughter, but I don't need any unwanted interference. Okay?

Unlike you, Darling has hired me as his Parliamentary official even though I am a woman, and he takes good care of me - I love him very much ♡ - so I'm giving it my all. I think a wise father like you would understand that we don't need any unnecessary personnel. If anyone tries to send spies or trying to use my status as your daughter...――I'll crush it.

I am with Darling because it makes me happy... Haaaa. ――I have no intention of returning to the Bergamot family. This is my choice.

So, in short, I'm getting married, please leave me alone. If you interfere, I will drag you down even if you're my parent. You should know too well that I'm that type of daughter. If the time comes, please be prepared... ――and so on (the rest is omitted) .

***

"No, It's too much. I guess I'll just have to start over."

Liz reread the letter she wrote and blushed. At 24 years old, she had silver hair and sophisticated beauty. She had let her hair down and wasn't wearing her usual monocle, and her hair fluffed up softly around her chin. Despite her beauty, her face had a somewhat severe expression. Her striking eyes looked like they were glaring at the letter she was reading.

No, it's just eye strain. She's not glaring.

She put a finger to her lips and seemed lost in thought, looking intellectual and picturesque. However, her stern expression made it seem like she could kill the letter with a glare. Then her gaze softened, and her eyes showed emotion.

"Hehe...darling...Ha!"

She tightened her face and focused her gaze.

This won't do. I can't write a letter without getting all lovey-dovey and melting when I think about Desmond-sama. That's not good.

Even if he's a shitty father, he knew Liz well enough to recognize the signs of being able to use her as a pawn in a political marriage. And he's a noble. Considering my personality and the surrounding circumstances, if I write like this, it'll be obvious to everyone that I'm head over heels for Darling.

――Shit.

But it wasn't just that - even as her lord father, Liz was hesitant to reveal her vulnerabilities to him, a noble.

However, she still wanted to convey that she was very happy now.

A heartfelt desire as a daughter, an ironic remark towards a noble lineage.

――Damn it.

But the main point is.

I am getting married, feel free to do as you, please.

Just don't interfere unnecessarily. Ok?

I have agreed to become darling's second wife. Do not interfere with it, do not use it for political gain, thinking that it will connect our families. I also want to make it clear that I will not tolerate any interference. I want to effectively convey this while maintaining the appearance of a noble's letter.

That is the most important message in this letter. However, if I display too much happiness, the letters will become too sticky with sugar.

"What should I do, darling?"

It's not good to think about darling all the time.

But I can't help it because I love him. Because I'm happy.

However, in order to protect this happiness...

"Alright."

Liz face tightened.

*glare*!

And she glared at the letter as if it were burning to ashes. As a result, her father, who received the letter that she had written seriously, replied.

***

Don't worry about me, just do what you like. But remember that you're still my beloved daughter.

【True meaning】

I won't interfere and won't think unnecessary things, so it's fine for Liz to marry Baron Damwead. However, I would appreciate it if you don't sever the connection of being the fourth daughter of the Bergamot family. That's all I can ask.

***

Maybe he also had a hard time writing it.

One wonders if the Earl would have written such a letter, even if it was addressed to his daughter.

And so, that's the secret between father and daughter.

◇

After work, it's lovey-dovey time with my darling.

"Huh, ah, ah, ah, ah..... darling, darling♡"

"Liz, Liz....."

――*creak*, *creak*, *creak*

The bed in the lord's bedroom creaks.

Liz let down her silver hair, removed her monocle, and gasped as he pressed down on her. Her scary eyes were also glaring. She feel the presence of the strong rod that filled her vagina, mercilessly rubbed her folds, and pounded her innermost depts. ――Aaah, it's so big.

Though petite, she is a grown woman. The cavity of her body is stretched out and stuffed full of her lovely darling. Moreover, He holds her roughly as if he is about to crush her into the bed.

"Haaah, nnggg."

And when his beautiful face leans down, I opens my mouth like a baby bird looking for food and begs for a nasty kiss.

"Nnnnghhhh....."

I greeted him with my own tongue.

I'm a naughty girl. But I can't help it, I really like him. Besides, it feels good to be dyed in his color, it makes me so happy. Mmm, ah... I twine my tongue with him, begging for more saliva as I suck on it. Mm, mm... and during this, I can feel the presence of his hot manhood stirring inside me.

"Nnghh..... "He rubbed my breasts." Nnnn!" My back jumps as he touch my nipples, which were already erect. I felt myself tightening against him.

He knows it all too well. How much I enjoy and desire him. But it's because of him that I can let it out. I want him to feel it. Deep inside, all the way...

"Hah, ahhh....."

Shameful.

So embarrassing.....

But so good.....

"Nnaaaaah!"

Finally, the hot, sticky seed poured into my womb. Again and again. The volume, the density, the sheer force. He continues to shoot out his sperm, and even after that, his hard male organ will not wilt. With each spurts, I can feel his determination to impregnate me.

"Oh, ahhhhh......"

I cuddled my arms around his back and wrapped my legs around his waist. I love being so close to him in that way while having him pouring his semen into me..... It's no doubt that he feel the same way.

My body starts to squirm and rub against his male body. Wriggle and beg for more, sweetly and flirtatiously.

"You want it that much? Liz."

"...I love you. *chu*, *chu*"

Our tongues moved, and the kiss was overflowing with love and affection. I feel the meat plug that remains hard even after the pulsation is over, to anchor the seed in me.

"Nnghhhh....."

I rock my hips lightly.

My womanly spark responds reflexively as I rub against his tool inside me, despite my lethargic state.

――I really became this person's wife, didn't I? I savored that feeling.

As the second wife.

Like with the Bergamot family, the Damwead family also gave their approval for the marriage. Desmond darling had mentioned something about a wedding, but in the current situation, but who can they invite in the current situation? Actually, who can be invited at all?

'No friend.'

'Me too.'

They exchanged a firm handshake, and the first wife looked at them with a cold gaze.

No, it is more correct to say who would you call in the current situation, A nobleman's marriage is primarily a political alliance and not about inviting friends, as it is a matter of family connection. Desmond, who had just signed the papers and was just shaking his hips, couldn't know ―― oh he also taking a walk afterward.

This place was the very eye of the typhoon.

Intelligence agents, operatives, and assassins had been sent in, and perfect counterintelligence had allowed us to read the winds rather well, but there was no doubt that a storm was brewing.

Charlotte, who was supposed to be unable to conceive, was now pregnant.

All sorts of negotiations are taking place as a result of this.

As proof of this, an invitation to attend a social gathering from the Swift family had arrived. Although his reaction at that time was honestly cute, But, it's not acceptable for a lord to behave that way.

As a result, both the first and second wives decided to train him to become a lord who would not be embarrassed to be presented in any social setting.

Desmond was in tears afterward.

That was probably part of the reason he was acting even more intensely at night.

That left Liz with no choice but to be even more enthusiastic.

Charlotte was the same.

And the second and fourth daughters of Terrace and Bergamot respectively, re-education him on how to behave properly.

But even so, the night activity is still night activity――most of it's not even at night at all, but the way he holds a woman and makes her cry helplessly... is this guy manly or not?

――No, I suppose he's not like that in that way.

"――Fufu."

With that thought, a smile escaped me. Above all, I couldn't help but feel the essence of the happiness that had been poured into me by him. I was so happy that my mouth and eyes relaxed.

And then.

"Oh, Liz, you seem to be doing well. Shall we go for another round..." he whispered in my ear.

My spine shivered with anticipation. My uterus throbbed. "No! You that I already reach my limit. I'd love to, but, uh, it's going to be a problem tomorrow....."

"Mmm....."

When he pouted, I still couldn't get the corners of my mouth back to normal.

――This is how Katherine must have felt.

If I were to get pregnant now, I might end up giggling in the hallway like Katherine until I got used to it.

――But the key is, my limit.

At present, there is no need for restraint for something that I need to strain my body. ――No, also it's good to be prepared for tomorrow, but...

"I-I'll lick you instead....."

"What, seriously?"

"You seem very happy that time."

"Well, of course, I've always wanted to do more things with Liz."

"..... Stupid."

"That's me."

"Oh..."

When he withdrew, the plug was removed and it flooded out.

――What a waste.

I guess I will have to ask him to do it again in the vagina then.

"But Liz, you don't have to force if you don't want to....."

"No, I don't mind."

Liz crept up on all fours like a cat between his legs as he sat on the bed with his legs spread. she can feel him throbbing by the touch of his thigh. The sight of his cock soaking wet with hers and his liquid own makes her feel both shame and pleasure.

It's so magnificent, so fierce, even after so much ejaculation.

I wonder if that's how much he is lusting after me.

"Nngh――*chu*."

And Liz's lips slid down as she swept her silver hair to the side with her fingers.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"*kiss*,*kiss*....."

"Hoo..... I can't believe Liz is sucking my cock....."

Liz, a guileless beauty, sits between my legs. She nestles her face between my knees and kisses my stained meaty tip, a testament to the love she and I have just made.

Her silver hair falls to her chin and spreads out delicately. Her eyes have a distinct look to them. Nevertheless, as she services using her lips for the first time, the corner of her eyes reddens and brims with tears, giving the impression that this devoted service is being carried out by a girl who is inexperienced with it, prompting my sensation of domination to spike.

Furthermore, even though I wash it properly, it is already used and stained.

As a kiss is dropped on my meat head, the fiercely immoral feeling causes me to tremble.

"Nnn....."

She squinted her eyes like a cat as I caressed her head gently. I kept stroking her and slipped my fingers toward her cheeks.

"Liz, instead of just kissing, how about giving it a little lick?"

She gasps as I tickle beneath her chin. Suddenly a pink, moist tongue brushes against the glans.

"Fu~a..... is this what Desmond-sama tastes like?..... It's bitter and....not very tasty."

"Well, I'm afraid it is. Don't worry, you don't have to do it if you don't enjoy it. While I appreciate Liz doing this for me, I don't want to make you do something you're not comfortable with....."

"*Lick*, *lick*... No one said I don't like it. I just said it doesn't taste good. And if it makes darling feel good, I'll do more for you *lick*"

"Ho-ah....."

"Fufu, you seem to like it here. *lick*....."

"Kuh..." Yes, it feels good. But it's still awkward. Sometimes it's good, and other times it's not. It's frustrating, but... that's part of the experience.

"Liz, can you go down while licking the shaft? And also kiss it."

"Yes. *Lick, lick... kiss*."

Liz's beautiful lips glide down the filthy shaft. She kisses me and runs her pink tongue around it.

"Ho..... then, massage my balls around with your fingers....."

"Yes," The silky fingers that ordinarily handle this domain's government matters raised and caressed the lord's testicles.

『Elite Parliamentary Official Lady's Raunchy Night Duty』 starring Liz Bergamot.

――Give me the whole stock！

"*Kiss, kiss, lick... *darling, does it feel good?... *Kiss*."

Normally, her three eyes would look unfriendly, but now she looks up at me with a worried expression, that's cheating.

"Ah... you just trembled. So it does feel good then. *smooch, lick*... ehehe."

How devious.

"Liz, can you lick my balls too? Suck them and....."

"Yes. *kiss*..... *suuuuck*....."

"Hah....."

I wonder what this sensation is that they call true pleasure. She obediently follows my instructions, using her delicate lips and tongue to serve me as I please.

It reminds me that I am Liz's boss.

"*Lick, lick*..."

"Liz is such a good girl," I said, patting her head.

"I'm not a child. I'm your honey. Kiss,"

"Don't feel embarrassed at all, I see. Besides, you're already my wife, right?"

"Yes, darling. ,*suck*....."

"Ku..... isn't it time for you to blow me.....?"

"...Understood." Liz opened her mouth and lined it above the tip. I wonder if is it okay for me to put it in her mouth like that? "――Haamu"

"Ohhhh....."

Liz took only the tip into her lips, and I jerked. How immoral, the sight of the tip of my glans buried in her lips.

"Liz, stay just like that....take it in as much as you can... Then, release the air in your mouth and suck in, hollowing your cheeks... Ahh..."

Liz's cheeks hollowed in. "*schulp*, *schulp*..." Although it was awkward and slow, her head moved as the grotesque flesh pillar entered and exited her lips.

"Ha, ha....." my breath ragged, and my hips shudder at Liz's slurping. Her slippery lips glide over my flesh. Inside the hot, wet woman's embrace, the male's meaty mass swells with desire.

"Nn, nn, *juu*, *slurp*..."

With each inch inside her, it becomes a little more and a little more rhythmic, Liz impaled her face against me......Our lewd juices, the evidence of our love had long since been cleaned up by Liz's mouth, which was now slippery with her drool. Her slick saliva dripped down onto my balls.

"Hmmm, nnnnn....."

Oooh, she makes an indecent, lewd sucking face when she pulls her head back. This must be preserved permanently in the memory of this lord.

"*slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*....."

"Good, now...lick the head."

"*lick*....."

"Kuh....."

"*slurp*, *slurp*."

She obeyed and rolled my balls between her fingers as well. I let her suck just the tip of it into her mouth and let her use her hands to handle my shaft.

"Ha, ha..... Liz, that feels good....."

"Nfu, huh......♡"

I reached down and scooped up a large plump meat on her petite body. I jiggle it around like the lord swirling a wine glass. I caught her plump and swollen nipple buds and pulled them, twisting and turning them.

"Nnnnghhhh♡♡!"

Liz doesn't stop moving her face while being attacked herself as well.

"*glug*, *glug*..... *slurp*....."

My gradually heating phallus is getting angry, and my hips begin to squirm with the desire to make this girl swallow all of me.

"Liz, I'm almost there..... what do you want me to do? Will you take it in your mouth? If you don't like it, I can put it somewhere else, or I can simply stick it in your cunt..."

"Nnnnghhhh!"

Liz hooks her lips around the shaft and begins to work on the pole, stretching her lips wide. She begins to slide her hands up and down the shaft, as well as the balls. This must imply that she wants me to release it in her mouth. Truly ready to squeeze it.....

"Damn, ugh.....I'm going to cum.....just like that, keep sucking - ugh, ooooh!"

"Off!"

The meat shaft, with just the tip buried in the beautiful woman's mouth, pulsed..... I let out my boiling lust into Liz's mouth.

"Nh, gh..., ughhh..."

Liz's teary eyes leered upward.

――Oh, sorry, that must be a lot. And it's her first time too, so of course she's uncomfortable.

"Liz, don't overdo it...oh!"

"Ugh!"

Liz's nose flared wildly, but she never let go of her lips. She grips up the pole with her fingers and slowly, trying to push her head in further, taking my desire in her mouth and her slender throat.

"Good, hang in there. It's just a little bit more...... ohhh."

"Nng..... ng..... ng....."

I poured every last drop into Liz's tiny throat.

Liz swallowed the entire mouthful without taking her mouth off me, and she even sucked out the rest from my urethra to clean it up.

"Ungh! Pu~ah... The amount is too much... *cough*..."

"Sorry, but wow, you're amazing, you really drinking it all....."

"Of course. Because darling served it to me....."

I stroked her cute, silky silver hair.

She squinted her eyes like a cat and looked like she was about to purr.

"Darling, please tell me if there's anything else you want me to do. I can't do it all right away, but soon...I'll gradually fulfill your desires."

Her face is red to the ears.

"Well, I'm counting on you. We're going to be together from now on――Well, like we've always been, I will turn Liz to be more erotic to let me do more things to you."

"Y-you said it with such an innocent smile..."

"So, let's get started right away~"

"Eek!"

I pulled Liz around by the waist and put her down on all fours. She may be petite, but her ass is just as magnificent as her tits.

"Heeea, no! I already did it with my mouth, so... no more...maybe next time"

"I know. So."

"Eek, aaah, uu... It's so hard.......and all the way in... Haah... Ahh... It reaches all the way inside..."

She kept saying no, but when I inserted her, her meaty hole was waiting for me, cooing and tightening around me. So I lay down with her, covering her and hugging her close.

"Let's sleep like this." I reached out my fingers to her breasts, which were as big as Charlotte's. "Liz is my body pillow now."

"Uwaa... I want to hug you too..."

"Do you dislike it?"

"No, I don't."

"Is that so? Well, it's okay then."

"But... Ungh..."

I rubbed her breasts and buckled my hips around.

"Uh..., uh, huh..., uh, don't poke me... guu..."

"I need to mold this part of Liz's body into my personal hole."

*schulp*, *schulp*, *schlick*, *schlick*!

"Naaa..., nuu, nguu... It's already in your shape..., no..., ah..."

"You're moving your hips, Liz."

"It's a natural reaction. Ah, ah..."

I stirred Liz's vagina for a while, slowly, and debaucherously. I kneaded her nipples, played with her clit, and moved my hips while burying my nose in her neck, enjoying the scent.

"Hii, Ungh,...so mean.. corrupt......bad lord...... so good....."

"Oh, great"――*spluuurt*!

"Ahhh, it's coming out,... ah an...... I didn't even have a choice to resist.....hmmm....."

"Yeah, it can't be helped. Although, I bet Liz would sleep more soundly if you slept with cum plugged up in your womb, right?"

"Stop preventing me to sleep otherwise."

"Alright." - I say as I fill her womb with a big load. The pleasure of my ejaculation makes my hips buck.

"Auuuu......." Liz shivered. She then relaxes and begins to breathe in a drowsy sound.

――She is so adorable.

Like a child who is tired of playing and has the light turned off.

Well then, I think it's time I go to sleep too.

I sleep while holding my beloved second wife in my arms. ――zzz.

"Damn it...why you..... Both of you better watch out!!"

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"――Peter-sama, I had considered the possibility that he might refuse, but it looks like he had more backbone than I thought it seems."

Here, in a luxurious room.

A reconstruction of aesthetics based on the history of the house and personal beliefs, linked with rigorous uniformity, as though insisting on a vivid template for nobility. The result is a room that honors noble tradition while also reflecting the owner's values.

The man with silver-blue eyes sat at the ebony desk, caressing his golden hair. He was attractive, but his features were almost artificial, with outlines that gave the impression of coldness.

He looked at the speaker, who was a middle-aged man in a butler's uniform. The man appeared serious and stern but also gave off a slightly grubby impression.

The master of the room, Peter Swift, did not change his look and said."

He had no backbone. He was just a noble in name only, even if he was from a third-class family. He was just a few steps above useless, but that's not the issue. It's that the Grey Hound's fangs are still strong and effective, but the Shadows in our household is such a useless group. It's truly disappointing. While it's commonly believed that nobles shouldn't engage in lowly behavior, ultimately, those of low birth is just that - lowly. Does this mean that thinking of them as our "strength" was a mistake?"

His speech was cold and sharp, like faded glass.

He was willing to pressure the Damwead family, his birth house, if Desmond did not respond to the invitation he sent. As a noble, one would willing to cut off even his own family for the sake of honor. But perhaps it might benefit him instead as he was a "heretic". It's true that for aristocrats, women were nothing but "tools" but ironically, putting pressure on the Terrace family might work.

There were no exports and no imports from the area. Peddlers came and went, but also in negligible amounts.

How could they manage their territory in such a situation?

Yet that land had accomplished it. However was it really that unreasonable? After all, the Aldora area was merely a name, and in actuality, it was a monster-infested wilderness on the boundary. It is little more than a tiny community run by a small handful of individuals hidden in the shadows.

If the "heretic" Damwead, a nobleman who lacked the dignity of a nobleman, then could live among the lowly inhabitants of the village without any pride. Rather, it was a miracle for him to even survive for eight years, and managing a territory would be nothing but a fantasy.

Although he was given a fiefdom and a title, it was actually an exile, imprisonment, and may even be described as a gentle death sentence. The nobles of the faction who find Desmond not pleasing to the eye were the ones who drove him there.

He was, by all accounts, in a very bad place to be.

However, at that time Desmond was...

"What a terrible place, these nobles are so scary. But well, guess I can do as I please now."

It was such a casual remark.

As a result, together with the butler who went with him.

――He really did as he pleased.

As an "oddball" nobleman, he was able to energize the people there both mentally and materially by enriching the land. His desire to bring Charlotte along also became a great motivator for his action. And the monsters that appeared became a rich resource of materials to be utilized.

With the help of the "Gray Hound" - former connections, back channels - as well as the thought of the brilliant Parliamentary official Liz Bergamot, the "Aldora" territory has formed a unique distribution network. Moreover, thanks to Desmond's magic, which caused a massive soil quality improvement, and the nutrition obtained from the monsters that were incorporated into the soil, this territory had reached a state of inexplicable self-sufficiency, despite having a small population.

It was impossible to restrict them through trade. Moreover, the nobles were not able to obtain information about the territory's internal affairs from neighboring areas, making it difficult to predict how much gap there would be in information warfare.

But still, the idea of marrying off one's former fiancée as a further weight on one's shoulders is...

"I should have killed that man and that woman long ago. At the time, I thought it would have been more beneficial to let them live, but - things are never as they seem."

He said, not hiding his displeasure.

Peter gained an advantage over the Terrace family because Charlotte didn't become pregnant. He could, for example, proclaims the birth of a child with a consort and claim it as Charlotte's own by keeping both Charlotte and the consort concealed from public view until the kid was born, then announce it as her own child. In this way, he could have gained an advantage over the Earl of Terrace in a more friendly manner. But he did not do so.

It was because that "woman." who was in a position of "tool" for the "noble." rejected his seed. He felt betrayed and wronged. The same was true for Earl Terrace, who had sent him a woman who could not conceive.

At the time, he was still young. He was driven by the desire to control and dominate the Terrace family, a great noble family with a venerable tradition, and also clung to the brilliant idea of using Desmond, a disgrace to the nobility as a stepping stone. He thought it would also be a punishment for the woman who betrayed him.

"Tools" are tools, so they shouldn't be perceived as betrayed. They should be used more skillfully. In that way, that would have been more "noble."

――But, then that wouldn't make him a "merchant"?

If he was a "noble." shouldn't he have sought "pride" rather than "benefit"?

He thought so at the time. Dominance was more important than friendship. The relationship with the Terrace family was the same. That's what made you a noble.

And now Peter is trying to settle his past debts to prove his "righteousness."

Unfortunately, his "tools" are weak.

He can no longer hide his anguish over it. The "Shadow" on his side is so useless, while the "Gray Hound" is still baring his fang on the other side.....

Capable people don't gather effective tools, and effective tools gather around incompetent people.

What a lamentable thing. For that reason, Damwead, his family of birth, and Baron Desmond Damwead himself are all the same in his eyes. It is the highest humiliation that the Marquess of Swift has to deal with directly.

But if he were to act recklessly and be defeated, it would be even more humiliating. That's why he must break through as an aristocrat with dignity.

First, he managed to lure the individual who was hiding in Aldora out into the open.

He chased the badger out of the den one by one...

――No doubt he will bring along Grey Hound as an escort.

Even if one is an "oddball" who cannot be placed upwind of a nobleman, they still know to use effective tools.

――But...

Peter thinks.

No matter how much force they may have amassed, a battle for the "noble" is not only a head-on confrontation of "strength". "military prowess" was used on the real battlefield of sword and sorcery, but on the social battlefield, the one who reveals their sword first is usually the loser.

――Let me show you a true noble's battle.

Even if the opponent is a third-rate, lowly person who can't even be taken as a noble, the lion will still exert full effort to hunt the rabbit.

――Baron Desmond Damwead, go wash your neck and get ready. I shall grant you the honor of being crushed by my full strength.

A sinister aristocrat awaits the Lord of Aldora.

◇

I am washing my neck in the bathroom.

――Actually, someone else was washing it for me.

"Aah."

"Fufu, Desmond-sama, does it feel good?"

"Yeah, it feels amazing."

"Fufu, then, more.....Mmmn....."

"Ohhh....."

*squish* *squish* *squish* *squish* ♪

Charlotte's foam-coated tits rub and wash the back of my neck. They're warm and smooth, with an irresistible flexibility..., I'd like to have my neck cleaned like this forever.

"Haaa....."

In addition, my wife was becoming horny while washing me.

She moaned sweetly and would occasionally rub her puffy nipples against me. Of course, I am also horny.

――Gufufu.

"Desmond-sama, I'm sure you're exhausted. It is the duty of the legal wife to soothe her beloved husband."

The righteous wife expresses her feelings for her husband in a very sincere way.

――Apparently, she's been holding up a lot lately.

Let's not think about it anymore and surrender to her irresistible healing.

And forget about that useless maid that caused me so much grief! That shrewd woman! Perhaps it would have been better to refer to her as a first-class maid instead...

Oh well, let's forget about her for now.

"Hah, nnn..... fuu....."

Charlotte-chan moans and moves her breasts on her husband's back along with her superbly voluptuous body like a sponge. She puts her arms around him from behind and hugs me- *squish*.... *squish* *squish* *squish*♪

――Oh..... I can also feel the tip of the cock.....

My tool jumped with a start as the desire of a woman in heat seeped through our skin. Lady Charlotte peered at it, her chin resting on my shoulder.

The weight is irresistible.

"... it's already twitching... it seems like you're really feeling good, Desmond-sama. Of course, I'm feeling good too... Haan..."

Unsurprisingly, I feel shivers down my spine. A hot and loving lady clings to me, all slimy and cleansing me while she herself is burning. Are there any other pleasure that can surpass this?

"Of course there are." I was immediately denied by my wife - she could see right through me. It was an ironic response to an ironic question. As expected of her.

"For example..."

And she slid her supple fingers down.

*grip*

"Oh!"

What's she gripping?

Of course, what else could it be!

Charlotte keeps rubbing her body against mine and begins to work on my soapy, slippery meaty root. Her fingering is superb. Her delicate fingers entwined with it, moving up and down with loving strokes. Not only that, but she also emphasized all of my weak points.

I let myself be pleasured by her soft, sweet body heat while she poured her lewd, surreptitious breaths into my ears.

"Ha~aa, kku..." she utilize the slipperiness of soap.

*slip* *slip* *flop* *flop*

――No~, I'm so embarrassed, but I can't help but make moan.....

However, no matter whether I wriggled my hips or try to free them, there was no way I could escape The lord's wife's erotic hold on me as she held me from behind - And can I feel her breasts squishes on my back, the dampness between her legs, and the erect sweet buds.

"Haaah....." she moans, her sweet sigh piercing into my ears.

Looking down, her pure white fingers are entwined around a reddish, angry erection, the ugly glans appear and disappear as it moves up and down.

――Ah, no good..... I can't believe this...

"You think so?"

"'Oooohh!"

Charlotte-sama now rubbing my nipples with another hand. A sweet scratching sensation spreading not only from my groin and back but also from my chest.

"Desmond-sama's nipples are erect too."

"But Charlotte's is even more...ugh!"

*pinched*

"Oh, your cock jerked when I pinched it. Desmond-sama seems to like it, too.....*sqeeze* *sqeeze*"

"Nooo~....."

"Ufufu, so adorable...*chu...* *lick*"

Lady Charlotte upped the gears even more. She now attack my ears, licked around the contour, and nudged the tip of her tongue into the hole.

"Oh, ho..... ku~ha..... ah....."

The pleasure pulses sent through my entire body made me squirm and jerk. The lord's wife rolled my testicles, my fate was right in her palm.

Charlotte continued to work on my angry dick, half bending forward as she pressed down on me. Her back is soft, sweet, and hot. Her crotch, pressed against me is wet, and also..... slick with something that's totally not soap.

She rubs it as if she's scooping it up.

――Kkk, this..... I'm being violated..... I'm really being violated by Charlotte.....

Even though I'm trembling, I can't escape from being caught by my wife!

"Hey, Charlotte, forgive me already....."

"I don't want to! I'll heal Desmond-sama's body and mind."

"You're not healing me, you're making me feel so weak that I won't be able to get up."

"Fufu, that's also quite entertaining," she said as she clung to me, rubbing her cheek against his while stroking me.

Soft.

Smooth.

So warm.....

She rains kisses down on me.

――Oh, I'm so happy, I can't stand it.

Charlotte just kept on fondling me, even though her fingers were soaked with something that wasn't soap. Her fingers make me aware of how hot I'm burning.....

"Ugh, kuh...... Charlotte, get out....."

As soon as I said that.

"Eh.....?"

Charlotte let go of her hand and off my back.

A sense of emptiness surged over me.

"S-sorry, I didn't mean to," she said.

――Un, my heart was conveyed to her.

She rushed forward, as if in a panic, and

"*chuu* *smooch*, *chu*....."

She kissed me, even with her tongue.

――H-Hey, even if you kissed me, I won't be deceived... Ukuuu!

Again, her slender fingers entwine around the angry rod and start to handle them with gentle strokes. Rubbing my weak spot, as if to soothe my meaty pole.....

"*smooch*....." When we pulled away from each other with our tongues sticking out of each other, forming a bridge made out of saliva.

Big emerald eyes, wavy platinum blonde hair, moist and wet with water. My beloved wife, who, despite her having the sex appeal of a twenty-nine-year-old, still had the air of a cute girl.

――Ufufu.

She laughs like a pretty fairy.

No, like a fairy in a wet dream.

"I just thought it would be a waste if I let you release it like that. If you're going to cum, it's better to be on me... nnu..."

Charlotte now leans forward and rubs her large peaks with erect tips against my chest, then drops down to my crotch.

fufufu.

And with a lewd, cunning smile.

Mwmmm.... *Squeeze*.

Charlotte's massive breasts began to deform as she exerted irresistible pressure from both sides, enveloping me.

She herself did not move. The only thing that moves is her miraculous breasts.

It is truly a miracle.

I was amazed that she could make me feel so good with just the movement of her tits.

"Look, My boobs ate all of Desmond-sama's dick."

"Oh, they ate me all right..... they feel so good....." I moaned and shook my hips involuntarily.

"Oh my, it seems Desmond-sama is feeling pampered." she looks very happy.

"Well, how can I not be? This thing is... ohh..."

"It's fine. Please let it out like this... I'd like you to bukkake me........mmmn..." Charlotte collects saliva in her cute mouth, then let it runs down her tongue and drips down between her valley.

I'm not sure if my heart or my groin is pulsing anymore.

*squish, squish, squelch, squelch*♪ squeezed

Between the white jewels, a reddish tip slides in and out as if to defile it.

"Ah, it's getting hotter and harder. Come, don't be shy, I want you to let it out. Desmond-sama's fishy semen, let it soak into my skin."

"Oh, Charlotte!" I caught Charlotte by the shoulders and slid my hips between her tits. My need to ejaculate increased exponentially as her soft body moved as though she were milking me.

Her emerald eyes, which were now hazy and misty, gave me a flirtatious look.

I'm at my limit!

"Oooh!"

My hips buckled as I pulled her closer.

Charlotte opened her petal-like lips and stuck out her tongue to receive me.

*splut* *spluuuuut*

My cock, which was sticking out of her cleavage, was defiling the pretty and beautiful madam as much as it could. It was as if I was branding her as my personal property, and I couldn't stop ejaculating as a result.

Yes, Charlotte belongs to me. Me alone.

No one else can have her.

My own, beloved wife!

"Ohh, Charlotte, I love you, I love you so much! take it all!"

*Tremble*

"Mmm..."

She had such a luscious appearance, and though her eyes were closed, she took in the white mist of my yearning as though to greet me with her own. With her platinum blonde hair, snow-white skin, shapely eyebrows, eyelids, shapely nose, petals-like lips, pink tongue, and mouth. My white liquid then her neck, tits, and cleavage. Make it all dirty and sticky.

"Ha, ha....." I caught Charlotte's shoulders as I was breathing hard. Her shoulders are smooth, like peeled boiled eggs. Between her ample tits, my meat pole quivered with the afterglow of pleasure while standing stiffly.

"Nn....." Charlotte closed her lips, keeping her eyes closed.

She chews it, tasting and smearing the filth in her mouth.

"Nkku..... nnnn....." her slim throat moved. Her cheeks flushed.

The shoulder I caught turned pink.

A beautiful woman, with skins that pure like snow.

Such a woman wipes the filthy liquid off her face with her delicate fingers, brings it to her mouth, and swallows it while making a licking, lascivious sound.

It was as if she don't want to waste even a drop.

All I could do was just watch, entranced.

Eventually,

her eyes opened.

That large emerald eyes.

My very own precious jewel. My beloved wife looked at me.

"Desmond-sama's love is so intense, I can hardly take them all."

She said with a slight blush and a happy expression.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Desmond-sama... please enter..."

Once we had washed every inch of each other's bodies, Charlotte splayed out and laid all four of her limbs on the ground. Charlotte's white, voluptuous buttocks were turned toward me and wiggled.

Her slit was already flaring with heat, looking so innocent that it was hard to believe that it had already gone through many penetrations - yet the lewd milky pink flower was dripping with nectar with a sense of anticipation.

The lustful and lascivious Noble lady, which is unworthy of the lord's wife.

――It's the best.

No matter how many times I have sex with her, I will never get tired of it. I put my hand on my throbbing shaft and rub the tip it to scoop up the nectar. She's soaked. Just doing this brought a thrill of pleasure to my heart.

"Charlotte pleaded, almost sobbing, Please don't tease me like this, Desmond-sama... I can't take it anymore... Mmm...'"

I pull back once and smack her seductive buttocks with my male rod.

"You were really mean earlier, so..."

"Ah... now I'm being bullied ❤ Is this considered domestic violence?"

"I wonder which mouth you're talking out of. But I'll give you exactly what you said."

Next, I'll pull down and hit her slit with an upward strick.

*squish*♪

"Hahyaaaaan! Ahhhh..."

It looks like I hit the clit.

Critical hit!

――I mean...no offense. I'm sure that's the origin of the word.

"Ahhn..., I can't take it anymore..."

Charlotte dexterously reached between her legs and caught me. She squeezed and then abused the weak spot on my mushroom head.

"Ngghh... Aahh...It's in..."

"you're such a naughty wife." I patted her voluptuous ass.

"And?"

"I love it!"

*Smack* (echo)

"Ahiiiiiiiiiiiiiii❤"

Charlotte spasmed and twitched, spitting honey as I thrust all the way in. The folds of her vagina squirmed and twitched. It was soft, sweet, and flirtatious.

Nevertheless, it wriggles, trying to squeeze the sperm out of me.

"Ooooh, it's so good, it's sucking me... I knew Charlotte's pussy was a deadly weapon."

I wiggle my hips, testing her flavor. I knew that even though we'd already fucking I don't know how many times, it always gives me renewed pleasure.

"If you say so, Desmond-sama is also the murder weapon. You have made me so crazy, so lewd, and even impregnated me."

"And you are blushing by that?"

――Mmm, she's so cute.

"You're bottomed out."

She squeezed me with her vaginal muscles.

"Ohh... amazing, I feel so liberated."

"Yes, it's for Desmond-sama's enjoyment."

"I'm glad."

The lord's wife said she had worked hard for me, and I slid in and out of her, tasting it as I did. Charlotte loves it this way, doesn't she? It was so tender around this spot, and when I pushed on it - oh, it squeezed so tight.

"Yaah, please don't describe something unnecessary."

――Gufufu. Read my thoughts like an open book as always. I explore this cave and quickly unearth treasures one after the other. Well then, let's dig up more and more of Charlotte's pleasure and shame, shall I?

I pumped my hips into her as I put my weight on her.

"Aahh... fuhhyaaaannn... like that, just... a little... yesss... fuuu..."

I rub her plump, firm, fascinating buttocks. How many children will this hips give birth to in the future?

――I can't wait.

"I, I can't take it anymore...ahhnn.....at the very least, enough to fill a hamlet."

――Eh?

Isn't the number increased a lot from before?

Well, If it's what Charlotte-sama wants.

I speed up my movements and give them to her.

*Slap, Slap, Slap, Slap, Slap*...

"Aahh... ohh yesss..."

In the bathroom, lewd sounds of flesh slapping together and a woman's passionate moans echoed.

If one listened carefully, they could also hear the squelching sounds of pleasure.

"Ha, ha, Charlotte oh..."

"Dejmond-shaaaamaaa..."

Neither she nor I can spare a moment. No matter how many times we become one, we could never get used to it. We're always passionate, always feeling like it's not enough no matter how much our hips move.

I buck my hips deeply and raise her upper body up.

"Ngh, mmm, hmmm..."

*Squish* *chu*

We suck each other's mouths while producing lewd sounds. I stroked Charlotte's soft skin and scooped up her bountiful fruit from underneath.

"Nnnn, nnnn..."

A lovely moan fills my mouth. I scooped it up, squeezed and kneaded those plump tits that even a male hand couldn't fully seize, and caught those puffy, erect nipples. I knead and rub them.

"Mmm, fuui... nmyuu... nnuu!"

Even though she jolts and jumps, Charlotte wiggles her hips in a rather encouraged manner. With all the pleasure given to me...

――I'm going to return it twofold!

"Nnghhhh, nnghhh..."

I twisted her upper body even more and placed one of her arms around my neck. One of her breasts was squished against my chest. Still, I rubbed, the other finger going down her belly. I ruffled and brushed through her blonde pubic hair. That one, too, was already erect to the point of bulging.

"Nnghhhh!" I plucked at it, and she bounced violently.

Her folds tightened, squeezing me, and her descending uterus also tried to reach my tip with her cervix.

Fuuu~ooh, we became beasts, ravishing each other. I supported Charlotte's hips and lift her legs up and she knew right away what I wanted to do to her. I flipped her while we were still connected. With our tongues entwined, we embrace each other in a standing position.

"Nnghhh, mmmm..., fuuu, mmmm..."

We writhed our bodies and our skin together.

I embrace Charlotte. I hold both of her legs and lift them up.

Thrusting into each other, we embrace and rock our bodies together languidly. Our sloppy, dripping, sexual fluids made a puddle on the bathroom floor.

――Gufufu. I'm so thankful for the 【Physical Enhancement】.

I wouldn't do this because it looks like it would hurt my partner, but if I wanted to, I could probably lift her up with my dick alone.

"That sounds wonderful. I think I can handle it."

"Hmm, seems like it. But next time, okay?"

"Hmph, nnnngg..." Catching her heavy buttocks and rubbing them, we continue on. Then we went straight into the bathtub――splash.

"Haah, ah..."

As soon as our lips parted, Charlotte's tongue hung out like a dog.

"If I'm a dog, then I have to lick. *Lick, lick, lick*"

She licked all over my face. It is supposed to be spit, but how can it smell so good?

I squeezed the flesh that collapsed on my chest.

"Mmmm..., yah..., Desmond-sama, you really love tits..."

"That's right, I can't help but like them, these tits."

I lifted Charlotte's breasts, which were full to the brim. They floated in the bathtub――I'll be a resident of those islands someday! I took the plump, swollen nipples in my mouth. I suck it up tightly and lick and roll it around.

"Fuhii, ha..., nyaaaaan..."

"*Slurp slurp*, *munch munch*..."

"Ngh, ngh..."

While panting with a sad and sullen look, Charlotte wiggled her tummy with a skillful use of her hips.

the surface of the hot water shook.

"Nhhhhh, nnnnn...."

The writhing and tightening sensation that grips me makes me tremble.

"Haah, Nngh, Ahh... Desmond-sama... please don't let me go... Nngh, mmm..."

"Puh-ah." taking my mouth off her nipple, I say." Oh, I'll never let go of Charlotte. I'm going to risk my life. Cause I'm not going to be able to live without Charlotte anymore."

"Haaaaaaan!"

Saying that Charlotte shuddered, and arched her body.

I could feel the intense gushing from our connected part.

I hold her tighter, skewering her deeper and deeper, carving the proof that she is mine into her neck.

"Ahh, hah an... Yah ah...,me too, can no longer live without Desmond-sama... Ahhhh, ahhh..., dick-sama is is jumpy and puffed up again... , ahhhhh.... Ahhh.... Huh, Desmond-sama, Desmond-sama.... love, I love you, mmmm!"

"I love you too, Charlotte. I love you so much. Oh, I'm about to blow!"

The column of flesh in her vagina shuddered. The juices boiled in my testicles, making me growl, wanting to drown myself in her all the more.

"Oh, I can't take any more. I'm cumming, Charlotte! Take it all! take it into your womb!!!"

"Y-yes!! I-it's coming... please....inside me, Desmond-sama..... aah... I'm going to... going to cum... Ahh... you're inside me...it's filling me up."

"Oh..."

*splurt*, *splurt*, I poured into Charlotte with my pulsating avarice rod. Her cervix engulfed me and sucked me.

Her debauched, droopy-eyed face was staring up at me, all hot and wet from the hot water and the lovemaking. Her big emerald eyes looked at me sweetly.

――Oh, how cute.

I thought.

I don't want to leave her.

I don't want to let go.

I won't lose her.

I hold Charlotte tightly, keeping my meaty pole in her vagina. Then, she, feeling my heart, leans her body against me and rubs her cheek against my cheek.

She shares the same thoughts...

Peter Swift, Charlotte's ex-husband invited me to a party he was throwing, in other words, a social gathering. To be honest, I wanted to decline the invitation with all my heart, but the other party is a marquise, and if one were a baron or a viscount, one couldn't refuse. This was, so to speak, an order, using his power as a cover.

Unless there is a compelling reason ―― or even if I have to make one up ―― if refuse, things are bound to get worse. This is what I was told by Charlotte, Liz, Katherine, and Randolph.

...Um, even if I'm a lord, I can't throw a tantrum. I am under a lot of pressure, and I want someone to understand the stress I'm under, both from external and internal sources.

And...

"I believe in you, Desmond-sama. I'll help you, too ―― No matter how small he was, he was still a man."

...She calls her mistress ex-husband small.

SCARY!

"It is certain that he's a capable noble," Charlotte says, clinging to me like a child. However, despite her strength and lasciviousness - even though there might be some suspicion of her being able to control people - it was clear that she was afraid of the constraints of noble society.

"Depending on Desmond-sama's actions, even if we were to prepare everything for him, it could still end up going badly." she said. "This territory may have taken a form that allows us to be self-sufficient, but the actions of the nobles are not limited to that. The worst-case scenarios are numerous..."

Indeed, as she said, even this territory was able to be self-sufficient, and even if we had the fighting force aka 《Gray Hound》 we were not born and raised here. Honestly, I cannot imagine that that old man will be honest enough to help this territory... Wait, isn't he my knight?... In any case, the social circle to which we have been accepted at this moment will not allow us to remain complacent.

There are residents living here, including those from Moiré and my own family. Even Grandpa Randolph, who is known as one of the "strongest" the Grey Hound, is not the only one with such a title. The same goes for Charlotte's older sister, although to be honest, I have never met her before. But It's better not to meet her!

Well, still, I wonder if she would become an ally, that older sister...

"I can't possibly predict that either. She really does take a good care of me....but if my older sister really does appear, the worst-case scenario will increase. Maybe even into a full-scale war..."

――Please don't come, I beg you!

Ah, and that's why I'm receiving re-education as a noble from Katherine - of course, from Charlotte and Liz as well - so that I do not inadvertently become advantageous to my opponent, and so that I do not step on any noble landmines. My experience in the social circle is almost zero (please understand that I cannot say zero due to my pride as a noble). After all, as the third son, my manners are not much, to begin with.

Even so.

"I believe you Desmond-sama, everything will be absolutely fine."

A magic spell.

If Charlotte says so, I will believe it.

――I must do my best...

I hold Charlotte tightly and let her warmth and softness seep into my body and soul.

Charlotteium is being charged into my body. Someday, I'd like to present this at a conference since this is the energy that drives a guy to work hard.

"Mmm, aah..."

As they held each other tightly, Charlotte's hips began to move.

No, maybe it was mine.

We look at each other and smile, then our lips meet and our tongues entwine. We exchange saliva, clasp our fingers in a lover's grip, and smile.

Ah, this is so healing.

I will do my best for everyone's sake.

I must do my best, but...

――That useless maid.

――Doesn't it seem like she's combining her work with personal interests at this rate?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fuhahahaha! I have arrived!"

And shortly after, "Her" voice booms high in the entrance hall.

In the study of the Earl Terrace mansion, a middle-aged guy with reddish hair, brows, and a mustache of the same hue and brown eyes sat at his desk. Though he might seem a bit stern, his dandyism was what showed through first.

It was a gloomy setting, with a high level of formality and a serene appearance, devoid of flamboyance and conveying a refined image, and he appeared to be suppressing his excitement.

His mouth twitched slightly.

Let's say it again.

He was a nice middle-aged man with reddish hair and a look of severity, his mouth twitching with suppressed expression.

Why didn't Charlotte realize that Katherine was his daughter? They looked so much alike. If they were painted together in a portrait as father and daughter, it would have been a beautiful painting. And the better question was, why were Charlotte and Teresa his daughters?

*Knock knock.*

"It's me."

"Get in."

The Earl spoke with dignity that befits the leader. And from the other person's voice and tone, it was clear that she was a woman. It was strange that she was allowed to enter without even introducing herself.

However, once she entered the room, she did not forget the beautiful courtesy.

She lifted her lowered face. Her platinum blonde hair with waves cascaded her shoulders as if it was curtains of precious metal. Her white skin, petal-like lips, and straight, elegant nose. Huge mounds lifted up her modest and sophisticated dress.

Her eyes opened.

They're like huge emerald jewels.

She was Margaret, the mother of Teresa and Charlotte.

It would not be appropriate to inquire about the lady's age. However, some might mistake her for being younger than Charlotte, and, depending on the observer, she could even be seen as a younger version of that she-devil. Based solely on appearance, she gives off a more gentle impression than Charlotte.

"How do you do, James-sama?" She spoke with her smooth voice. "It has been a while since I saw you so happy. I am also pleased that Charlotte-chan is pregnant."

Certainly, James was pleased. Although he was a nobleman, he was also a parent above all else. He feels for his daughter, Charlotte has suffered a lot in her life from not being able to conceive.

What did that "heretic" do to impregnate her?

Although her first marriage ended in disappointment, it was still a marriage that Charlotte had desired. However, this time, she was married off as a "tool". Honestly, he was concern greatly about that, but upon reading Charlotte's letter, it becomes clear that she is happy with her current situation.

"――Fufu, just as I said, didn't I? I was against the previous marriage, but this time I approve. Of course, it took this much time for the results to show. Oh? How do I know you ask? ――Fufufu, let's just say it's a mother's intuition."

When Margaret received a letter from Charlotte announcing that she was pregnant, she proudly puff out her big chest and said that. She had a peculiar personality, and James, who had learned this well through their long marriage, couldn't view Margaret as a mere "tool" despite her being a woman.

Although the first marriage was also a political marriage, it was the marriage Charlotte had desired, and Margaret's opinion had been overruled ―― Margaret couldn't hold Charlotte back.

By the way, the person who opposed Charlotte and Desmond's marriage the most was her sister, Teresa.

At the time, she had started to gather followers who would later become the current "Platinum Knights." and tried to storm into the Swift Marquess's house, but the entire family desperately stopped her. Charlotte also tried to stop her.

During that time, Teresa tried to evaluate whether Desmond was a suitable man for her sister and even attempted to also infiltrate the Damwead family ―― but no one stopped her, because the target was that 《Heretic》 even if she had managed to kill him, she would have received a light punishment, and many nobles would have secretly supported her. And at that time, even Charlotte...

"The person who would become my husband in some way or another must be capable of handling my older sister to some extent."

The plotting of Desmond's murder was silently acknowledged. But among them, only the mother said.

"Hmm, it seems like the ladies-in-waiting order might change."

And

When Teresa went out with high spirits and returned with a sulky face, her clothes were tattered. Her father was greatly troubled by the immodest appearance of his noble daughter.

"Fine! If that man insists that much, then I'll let him go this time. But sister!, you tell me if you receive any unfair treatment, I will crush him with all my might!"

"Thank you, I'll count on you when the time comes."

If Desmond had treated Charlotte unfairly, a great kaiju battle and buster call would have been raging down on Aldora.

"Come to think of it, I was cold to him."

James sighed as Margaret smiled.

The harshness with which Peter Swift demanded that James marry Charlotte off to Desmond Damwead "The Heretic of Damweed" was not only infuriating but also rendered James speechless. His actions were "correct" as a noble, but also cruel treatment to his daughter.

But now, thanks to his unhindered action, he had no obstacle to crushing him. He even considered it to be insulting to hold back.

It was reported that his son-in-law and daughter were summoned to his place.

"Our family will do everything in our power to support Desmond Damwead."

"Our family, that sounds wonderful." Margaret continued to smile.

Charlotte's letter also stated that after everything was resolved, they would be invited to their estate at Aldora. It also will be their first time visiting that place.

"Fufu, I'm looking forward to it."

When Desmond came to pick up Charlotte, he invited them to visit Aldora territory. But the area was very remote and situated at a frontier. It was protected by steep mountains that acted as a natural fortress. Due to this, other countries viewed it as too much trouble to conquer this desolate and unproductive land.

His son-in-law said he had improved it, but James couldn't believe it. and while Margaret seemed to want to go, James disagreed, and they did not go in the end. Charlotte occasionally returned home, but they never bothered to ask her about the place - until now.

If Desmond is the one who has made Charlotte happy and gotten her pregnant, then maybe the "Aldora" has truly improved. Even if the marriage was unwanted, James considered supporting him because it was where Charlotte became a bride. However, he couldn't do it with Swift watching him at that time. But now, he can provide assistance to the territory.

The evaluation of the son-in-law has skyrocketed, and their future expanded greatly as well.

However, he must not let his guard down.

Nothing has started yet, and he doesn't know how it will turn out. If he makes a mistake, he will regret it forever. That's why he has to carefully consider the timing of notifying his eldest daughter...

"Oh, by the way, why are you here?"

"Well, it's because-"

She was about to speak when...

"Fuhahahaha! I have arrived!"

"――eh?"

James was surprised and couldn't believe hearing the loud voice that came from the entrance.

Since he had carefully considered the timing of informing her, he hasn't sent the letter yet...

He was horrified.

This timing....Margaret...?

James nervously looked at his young-looking wife, feeling his heart racing in his chest. At that time, in his joy and excitement, he had written that letter. And then Margaret said she had something she wanted to write as well, so he had left the letter with her and then.....

――I didn't get it back!

He suddenly feels a sharp pain in his stomach, like being twisted by pliers.

Why did he forget it? That's not it, whenever James tried to talk to his wife about it, she always found a way to avoid the subject!

No, no, no, no way...

In his field of vision, his bewitching wife smiled and said, "Teresa-chan is so quick, I was just about to tell James-sama that I had sent a letter to her. I wonder if she has gotten stronger again."

*guuuuuh*...

James heard a sound that made his stomach tighten. He gritted his teeth and desperately cast 【Heal】 on himself.

James's wife appeared carefree in front of him, and although he wanted to be angry, he couldn't bring himself to do so. Because――there was something that absolutely had to be kept secret from the outside, and it was largely thanks to Margaret's skill that they were able to withstand Swift's unreasonable demands and grab for power. Of course, James was the one to take most of the hits――he was certainly an excellent head of the family――but he had relied on Margaret so much to the point he couldn't even complain about something like this, and this letter was not a letter to another household, but a letter to their daughter who was still unmarried and wandering from battlefield to battlefield like a delinquent. A letter from parents to their daughter. He had been so overjoyed that he had forgotten to tell Margaret not to send the letter right away――or so he thought. She must cleverly find a way around that.

Above all, what Margaret did was "right". If he were to complain or get angry about her actions, which sometimes seemed inexplicable, he might end up committing a mistake himself.

And so, as long as Papa could endure his stomach ache,

*Bang!*

The office door flung open forcefully.

It resonated very, very loud in Papa's stomach.

What appeared was, of course, the Platinum Knight in her formal wear.

Her tanned skin was covered firmly in white leotards, revealing a rebellious spirit. The wonderful curves of her breasts, which were as huge as her mother are perfectly curved do not lose their shape at all, and the location of the nipples could be seen if one looked attentively. Her cameltoe is fully visible due to the daringly tight fit of the crotch area, displaying the form of her mound. Her toned and supple thighs were exposed. Over it was a jacket that resembled a haori.

Platinum blonde straight hair on brown skin. Her big, emerald eyes resembled those of her mother and sister, but hers were more intense and shone brightly. The corners of her mouth were lifted up, revealing her liveliness and her canine teeth. Even though she appeared to be in her mid-twenties at most, she was actually thirty-eight years old.

She was the eldest daughter, the approaching-forties berserker, Teresa.

"I'm home, Father!" Her voice was loud. And then, she burst into raucous laughter.

Again, it resounded in Papa's stomach.

In more ways than one.

The eldest daughter was wreaking havoc in the office.

"So Charlotte is pregnant! Congratulations! That damn dog won! He said to wait for ten years, but it only took eight. He really got me. Fuhahahahaha! So, when will we start fighting back? Now? Right now!?"

"Teresa, there are many things I want to do, we must wait."

As expected of the head of the family, I was able to endure the pain in my stomach and speak out.

"That's right, we need to wait, Teresa-chan. We must wait for the right time."

"Hmm. If mother says so.."

She doesn't take her father's word into account at all.

"By the way, Teresa-chan, you came back quite early - have you become stronger again?"

Father was completely neglected. But this might have been healthier for his stomach...

"No, but I got a new friend that was able to fly in the sky, so we had her carry all the knights."

New friend?

Who can fly in the sky and carry all the knights? What kind of monster is that...?

"Her name is Schwarz and she's a dragon. Fuhaha! didn't want to land near here and scare the people unnecessarily, so I landed far away first. She will come here later with the knights. ――We'll be in your care Father! Ah, that's not right, we will make sure to give you our spoils of war. It's not good to just be a burden. Besides, I have heard about our family's finances from mother."

"You're such a smart girl Teresa-chan. However, to become friends with the dragon, the dragon and all the members of the knight order... As expected of my daughter. It will certainly become lively."

James felt a taste of blood in his mouth, and it wasn't just his imagination. The 【Heal】 just couldn't keep up.

"Ah, I went underground for quite some time until I met Schwarz. However, it was worth it, as I was able to find a strong person on my level."

It's unclear whether it's surprising that she is on the same level as Teresa or that Teresa is on the same level as a dragon. Either way, Papan, whose stomach is about to be destroyed has no time to grieve. His only hope now was those legends like dragons would remain legends. However, given that Teresa, the infamous 《Platinum Destroyer》says it, it must be true no matter how absurd it sounds.

"Because Schwarz is a friend of mine. When I told her about my sister, she said she want to burn them all" she said happily.

them as in individual? the mansion? Or—territory?

"Oh my, how reliable she was," Margaret said casually.

"Fuhahahaha!" The eldest daughter laughed loudly. "So, when are we heading out? Now? I think right away is good. I'm warmed up and ready to go any time!"

She said as her breasts, which looked like they could burst out at any moment, bounced wildly with anticipation.

"..... wait. Give me some time."

James was struggling to squeeze out a plan. But he really needed some time.

First to accept the current situation, reconsider his plan, and take a break for his stomach.

If he didn't, his stomach might explode before he could face his enemies.

"Fumu, father is as cunning as ever. I'm impressed."

"He's Teresa-chan's proud father after all."

"Oh yes, there's no way he'll screw up this time! It's like we're riding a big ship right now! In terms of military force too! My Platinum Knights, Schwarz, and maybe even that dog from Aldora? I also taught my sister in the past but I have no idea about our brother-in-law. Fuhahaha!"

………………

The overwhelming military power made James's determination to crush Swift falter. At this rate, there wouldn't be any remains of him left. If possible, as a "noble", he was thinking of squeezing him without killing or keeping him alive, but did that backfire?

When it's time to strike, cut the root.

James not only had stomach pain but also had cold sweat on his forehead and felt chills down his spine.

These were his legitimate wife and eldest daughter, and they were on his side.

Earl Terrace was an experienced warrior as well. What was required was a strong stomach for endurance. And if he had an honest conversation with his son-in-law, they could potentially become good friends.

After all, his wife was his second daughter.

James still had hopes for Charlotte. His eldest daughter was already like that, so he gave his second daughter a suitable education as a "noble". Something that his lawful wife unapproved of, and his eldest daughter secretly gave her a "hands-on" experience behind his back, but that girl is cute and dreamy, and as a noble "woman." she was refined and elegant.

However, people's dreams are often short-lived.

If he knew that it was his son-in-law who awakened his daughter, James might collapse first before Swift.

"Fuhahahaha!"

"Fufufufufu."

In the office where James was attempting to heal his stomach, he watch a scene of mother and daughter who looks like sisters laughing with a distant look in his eyes

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Word of Charlotte's pregnancy was slowly spreading throughout aristocratic society.

Some were saying,

Well done, Desmond! That's what you get, Swift!

While others were thinking,

That bastard son is a stain on our reputation, but it might be best to stay away from Swift from now...

That's why we need to kill that "Hereric". If we kill him, his family will certainly cooperate!

What can we do now to earn Swift's favor...?

Now is a good time for us to contact the Terraces.

We had been taking advantage of Swift. If the Terrace family can recover from this, then...

Scheming and calculating, the opportunistic and the watchful.

The Terrace family, who overcame adversity, the Swift family, both courteous and unpleasant, and the dark horse "Lord of Alroda."

Is he a sleeping dragon, or is it just a rumor? Speculation led to more speculation, the aristocrats who lurk within the kingdom are swirling, whispering, and keeping a close watch on their every move.

The "shadow" of each household was flying about, and Aldora's counterintelligence was making the "Gray Hound" more and more active every day. The aristocrats, who had previously ignored the land ruled by the "Heretic", were suddenly showing a great deal of interest, but all of their advances failed.

As expected of one of the "strongest".

It is a testament to their strength.

But that is precisely why...

◇

"―― Huh?"

I said, my eyes darting about.

"You heard it correctly, Desmond-sama. I cannot follow you. If I were to leave my position, I am sure that some unscrupulous person would enter Aldora. Even if Desmond-sama succeeds, you must have a home to return to. This old man will take care of this place when you're away."

This occurred two days before my departure, days after I had endured the unbearable torment of a certain maid in my office and returned the punishment in kind.

Grandpa Randolph said he was going to stay at home.

I understand.

I really do, but.... isn't protecting the lord also important?

"I believe in you, I believe that Desmond-sama will easily overcome this difficulty."

With his romantic gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and mustache of the same color, his gentle face looked like that of a doting old man. However, this elderly monster, the "Gray Hound." has thrown his lord into the deep valley and is trying to abandon his duties.

"I too wanted to see Desmond-sama's splendid figure in the court, but unfortunately, my old bones were unable to do so. I will quietly stay at the mansion. I look forward to hearing some interesting stories. Hohho."

No, no, no, Grandpa.

"Hohho" my ass . You're kidding right, grandpa? please say sike please?

Right now! Please!

I would almost bow, but if I were to do such a thing,

"You must not bow your head lightly like that as a lord. If you're going to bow your head, you'll have to be prepared for that head to be chopped off - "

How many times have I been disciplined like that in the past? I held my breath."

But if someone as good as Randolph were to come, I would be at ease, wouldn't I?"

I glanced at Charlotte,

her platinum blonde hair with waves gave her a girlish atmosphere despite her beauty. My eyes meet her big emerald eyes,

*wink*! She gave me a quick wink.

*Boom!* Desmond was struck by a heart attack. Oh no, I'm already at zero life point. I wish I could get a good escort to come with me here.

I glanced back at Grandpa's gray eyes...

He didn't say anything... It seems thing's already been decided.

Hmm? Something's not right, am I not the lord? Am I not important?

--I don't understand.

"Charlotte-sama has already given her consent."

rlly?

"Yes, I do."

――I don't understand."

Randolph is undeniably powerful, but he is too powerful. He might draw the attention of some noblemen, some of whom had a bad feeling about a commoner, about the "Gray Hound" — that sissy sure will not let his guard down....*murmuring*"

Um...sorry? did I mishear that? Referring to her ex-husband as a sissy is quite...oh!? you meant to say spewing right? I see, I need to be careful not to drink too much at the party!

But she certainly had a point.

When it comes to a party hosted by Swift, it's a given that they will invite important nobles with strong bloodlines and elitist tendencies. If someone like the "Gray Hound." a commoner who had received a knighthood was to attend, it would leave a bad impression. However, even they would hesitate to criticize the well-known Gray Hound. It's simply that the hatred for me will undoubtedly grow.

To counter that, as a "heretic of Damwead." who already had a bad reputation, I can easily get them to say something incriminating, especially against a coward who fled in his first battle. That seems to be Charlotte's plan. Me, being a decoy...

I have no intention of dealing with the ups and downs of aristocratic society and all its complications and making a fool of myself, but if I can just weather this storm, it'll be enough...

"This is not the kind of wave that we can just weather it. The eight years of humiliation and disgrace of the Terrace family, along with the insult to Desmond-sama... I understand their methods, so we need to strike them down completely when we have the chance."

――I'm glad you're on my side, Charlotte!

As expected of the second daughter of the Terrace family, she is charming even when not trying. But...

"Even so, thank you. I don't really understand what kind of insult was directed at me, but just to have Charlotte care is enough to make me happy."

Ah, She closed her eyes and her cheeks turned red and started to tremble.

Um, so cute.

"I got wet, I'll give you a proper lesson later."

That's not cute at all!

Actually, it kinda is, but still...

"――Um, let's do our best!"

However, that means that the group going to Swift's mansion this time will be me, Charlotte, and Katherine. Since both of them are pregnant with my children, I'm concerned about getting to Swift's mansion even after we left there.

"They already have my blessing, so they'll be fine. And after we get to that place, they're not so weak. the same goes for Katherine's"

No, It's not just that was it?

Well, if any harm comes to my women, Charlotte or Katherine, I will risk my life to protect them.

"~Ugu!"

"Are you alright, Charlotte-sama?"

"No, it's alright. It's just that the child of Desmond-sama is too strong..."

I don't you haven't reached the time to have any pregnancy sickness yet. And old man, don't look at her stomach like that! That face isn't the one you make when excited about a newborn, it's the composure of a champion waiting for a strong opponent to appear!

"It's Desmond-sama's fault. You've made me so wet... I'm soaking under my skirt."

Well, that's interesting and all, but let's get back on topic.

"Yes, let's get this over with and have sex."

――You're too honest! And that's not what I meant!

But, practically speaking, the conversation was already over, it's just like.

Randolph, aren't you coming?

No? Okay, communication's over, bye.

――I don't get it.

It's just? I'm the Master, right? Not just the perverted kind, but the important kind. Well, no matter how much I don't understand, I can't match their abilities in escort, security, politics, socializing, diplomacy, and other similar skills and know-how. But I can't just...

Aight, I believe in you guys!

As I thought that, for some reason, Charlotte was staring at me with warm, gentle eyes.

――Why?

"Fufu, I just thought that Desmond-sama is truly an amazing person. He admits when he can't do something, and believes in us more than his own honor. And it's not for his own benefit, but because he truly believes in us. You are the truly noble, Desmond-sama. You are our pride."

Hmmm, to be honest, I don't know why Charlotte is so moved. Because that's just normal, right? Pretending to be important would be a waste, and I'm not sure how much I can do if I don't believe in you all who stick with me.

"Fufufu, please remain the way you are, Desmond-sama. As long as you stay and love us, or even impregnate us, that would be wonderful..."

The lord's job doesn't involve impregnation! But lately...I can't deny it anymore... I'm getting frustrated.

"Oh, my lord whose job to sire more babies, Now! I have one more job for you! There's someone I'd like you to sire for a while."

Wait! Don't decide my job based on that! But it's bad enough that I can't claim any other job except as a signature expert. And to ask me to sow my seeds like I'm a contestant in a game show, what are you...

"Now, there is someone I would like to introduce you to, Desmond-sama."

My wife doesn't listen to me. However, if she is happy, I have no choice but to watch over her.

It's a weakness of love.

To my inner voice, Charlotte-chan coughed slightly as if embarrassed.

――Introducing "This is the assassin who recently infiltrated our territory with the intention of killing me and Desmond-sama. Unfortunately, or fortunately, she was shot down by Randolph and then got trained by me then defect to our side. She is the top of the Swift family's "Shadow", and her origins was the half-sister of the current head of the family, Peter Swift. She does not have a name, but goes by the alias "Ephemera"."

Thank you for the character introduction that I don't know where to comment anymore! But! There were several unsettling pieces of information mixed in there! Hey!

However, while I was dumfounded,

A person suddenly appeared from Charlotte's shadow.

"..." Eh?

Who appeared from there was... a man? A good-looking man wearing a suit, somewhat like a host... but? he appeared from Charlotte's shadow, only a woman should be able to get permission to enter such a place...other than me of course.

"I like a perceptive husband. Of course, Ephemera is a woman. And, she was properly trained by me, so you don't have to worry."

He says it like he's good at it, but - trained? Assassins?

.....

I don't get it.

――Sigh

I want to faint due to too much incomprehension.

But then,

The girl called Ephemera or something knelt before me with a reverent gesture.

She looks handsome even though she's a girl. It's picturesque to see her kneeling in a white-haired suit and blue eyes.

"Nice to meet you, Baron Desmond Damwead. I'm not good with honorifics. But I have permission from Charlotte onee-sama, can I speak to you like this?"

"Alright. But, refrain from doing so in front of others."

"-I understand. I am a "shadow" to begin with. So basically, I don't go out in public... Indeed, you seem to be just what onee-sama says you are. You are not the same type as my former master."

Would it be correct to say that I am honored by her praise?

"Then, Randolph, there's no need for you to be in this room anymore. We're done talking."

"Hoho, Then Desmond-sama, I shall take my leave. It is a shame I cannot witness your impressive skills, but I shall abide by the request."

The old man leaves the room.

Wait, so this girl is supposed to be the assassin who came to kill us? And she's also Pe...that dude's half-sister?

Can someone please explain this to me?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

《Ephemera》The foremost assassin of the Swift family's "Shadow". an assassin who earned a title for herself.

Although she could not compare to the "Gray Hound".

――Sorry, never heard of you.

After all, I was just a small fry who had nothing to do with the shady stuff, and there was no need for any "Shadow" to come out of their way to deal with me. Or so I thought... I never imagined that anyone of that caliber would be sent to me. Is the chill time over now?

However, from observing Charlotte-chan's condition, it seems that even if it hasn't been torn, the package has already been opened. Therefore, it's obvious that it can't be returned to the seller now. I must remind Charlotte-chan (29) not to tamper with packages that aren't hers.

The "Shadows" according to what I heard, were people who does spy, assassinations, and other dark jobs that each nobleman had. Many of them inherit the blood of the nobles of their families, but they have been hidden away as "shadows" and raised as convenient pawns. The training they undergo is unspeakable.

――Um, yeah, I hate it.

Even if the child is their own, they won't recognize them as such unless the other party is also a noble. They create children with magical powers and force them to do tasks that noble people wouldn't do themselves. They want pawns to do their dirty work, but if the pawn is fully commoner, their abilities will be questioned. Furthermore, they don't like the idea of commoners suddenly producing children with magical powers.

Because of that, they decided to create someone who possesses magical power stemming from their own blood but isn't recognized as a highborn. They can educate that child and create a "shadow" that will never rebel against them.

Thus, Ephemera was born. However, when she met Charlotte by chance when she was a child, she seemed to have avoided being turned into a complete "tool." That's good. That's good, but...did she just discipline the assassins who came to kill me? Although it was the old man who intercepted her....right? And, to top it off, Ephemera is a "Shadow" of the Swift family and, blood-wise, half-sister of Peter, that also made her Charlotte's former sister-in-law.

........................

――Um, I wonder what's my Charlotte's thinking?

What is their goal?

"Of course, in Desmond-sama's arms."

――Ah, I see. Thank you.

However, currently, Ephemera was in her arms.

"――Ah, onee-sama..."

My beloved wife wrapped her arms around a beautiful woman dressed in men's clothing from behind and fondled her breasts. Her other hand was on the woman's groin. Her smooth fingers caressed and rubbed her, making a lewd wriggling sensation. Ephemera's fearless appearance was lost in the sensual squirming, her inner thighs rubbing against each other.

This is...

Yuri.

Above all, Charlotte-chan looks so happy.

-But! Does this mean I'm out of a job? And what kind of training has Charlotte done to her...?

"I'll give it to you next time."

"Fuwaaaah!" She nibbled on her ear, causing Ephemera to moan.

――Um, I'll pass.

I'm really interested, but as Charlotte's husband, I want to be the one doing the teaching.

"Yah❤ I've already had my body and mind trained by Desmond-sama."

――Well, sure.

*nudge* *nudge*

"Ah, ah..." shiver ran through Ephemera.

Charlotte-sama's skillful fingers unbuttoned the shirt of Ephemera from behind, truly the result of my training. After all, Charlotte-chan couldn't even change clothes by herself before, so I feel a deep emotion seeing her growth, but at the same time, I shiver... I wonder if I have awakened a beast. I wonder if Ephemera is also the one who fell victim to its poisonous fangs.

Like pupae that were about to emerge, her white skin peeked through the gaps as Charlotte-chan stripped her shirt. My wife was merciless - her breasts, although small, she had large pale pink nipples and areolas.

"Aah, fuwaah..."

Charlotte-chan's fingers played with her plump, swollen bud. She cried out in a voice that was both desperate and alluring. I couldn't help but stare at her intently.

―― and then Charlotte's large emerald eyes curved seductively.

I shuddered.

"Look, Ephemera. Look at that bulge in Desmond-sama's pants. He can't resist the urge to pierce you with his brawny manhood. "Chu, *lick*..." Charlotte whispered in Ephemera's ear, tongue and all. It was an erotic wriggling that made me feel shivery just watching it.

And yet, Ephemera could only writhe in a cute, pitiful moan, giving the impression that she is neither a beauty in men's dress nor an assassin. "Haah, aaah..." Her cheeks, which were twitching, were lightly flushed. Her blue eyes were moist and pitiful.

"Fuuu...O-Onee-sama..." Charlotte's finger slips beneath Ephemera's pants. Her unexpectedly cute light blue underwear was visible.

"I picked it out for her."

――Good job.

"Yay."

It's frustrating that I can't high-five her,

Ufufu. She smiles, so cute. She continues to smile and tease Ephemera's nipples and groin with her fingers, not stopping. As Ephemera bends forward and moans, Charlotte presses her big breasts against her and continues to play with the handsome assassin.

Soon enough, lewd, wet sounds fill the air. My own pants are getting damp, too.

What? Nobody asks? ―― Uh, I know.

"I've been waiting for it. Just hearing that makes me all mushy and to welcome you in with open arms."

Just like what I want to hear. However.

"But, for now..."

Charlotte grabs Ephemera's chin and lifts her head up, her back straightening.

"Ephemera wants Desmond-sama too. So, please go ahead and enjoy her."

She pulls down Ephemera's pants all at once, including her shorts. The flesh slit of the assassin, hidden under white pubic hair, is exposed to the lord's eyes. A woman's sweet nectar drips down her tantalizing thighs.

"Now, Ephemera, you must properly beg for it. Swear loyalty to Desmond-sama and earn his favor."

Charlotte pushes Ephemera's hips forward, gripping their chin, and forces her to make eye contact with me. her reddened and handsome face already looks moist and submissive.

"Please, go ahead." says Charlotte-sama.

As I thought, I have awakened a lewd beast that must not be unleashed on this world......

――But, well, if it's okay to eat, I'm going suck every bit even the marrow out of the bones... embracing a girl requires that kind of determination! ――I will not tolerate any objections. Yet, given that the words come from a man like myself, they have a small amount of credibility, but I want to believe in them.

――more importantly,

I gaze into Ephemera's blue eyes. What was reflected there was the unpleasantly charming, sweet good-looking nobleman with blonde hair and blue eyes, me.

"'Ephemera――is that really okay with you? You probably know what I'm going to do, don't you?" Charlotte has probably taught her that too.

I'm really sorry about my wife!

While making a sincere apology in my heart, I wait for her reply.

And.

"――Phu."

Ephemera's expression loosened.

"Hyaaaannn!"

She trembled violently.

"What is the meaning of this? snickering at Desmond-sama? Have you not been disciplined enough?"

"Ah, ahhaaaan, i-it's not like that, onee-sama, I didn't... nnn, ahhaaaann!"

Ephemera-san gasped close to me. My beloved wife's fingers, which had slipped into her crotch, wriggled skillfully with a wet sound. I'm really sorry for my wife's behavior, ―― but I won't stop her.

"I know you didn't. But it's bothersome, so say it quickly."

*flick*, her fingers also played with her nipples.

*sqeeze* *sqeeze* *sqeeze*

"Ahhaaaann!"

The former assassin writhed and trembled while entwined with Charlotte. She was literally groped by her target, and her body spilled lustful liquids. "Faah, yaaan..." She looked at me with a melting, affectionate expression...... Crap I feel like I'm the one being targeted.

"Haa, ahhaa.... good.... I... want.... becoming your shadow... fu!... There's no concern. If I could become a sister onee-sama, I'd do anything..... nnuuuu, onee-sama, don't play with my clit... ❤ aaannn!... Just knowing that you are the one who said those words...to me....a shadow... nnnn... I want to serve you... Nngh... m-maybe you don't need someone like me...but.... Ah, ahhaaaaannn!"

In Charlotte-sama's arms, the body of the former assassin wriggled and bounced. As love nectar spilled and splattered, it was clear that what Charlotte was doing was very bad. Moreover, wasn't she also moving her hips and panting?

Rather than calling it full-on perverted, it was more like that of a naughty dominatrix indulging in pleasure - also definitely not something that should have been awakened.

But let's put that aside for now.

The important thing now is about 《Ephemera》, and she has communicated her feelings to me. As the lord who employs her, I must live up to her expectations. Besides, I am a member of.....

I 【Lift】 Ephemera's face up by her chin.

It's a skill only allowed for handsome men, it's permitted for me in this life given my appearance. I stared intently at her eyes and then covered her lips with mine.

"Chu, chu... *kiss*..."

"Nh, n, nu..."

Ephemera-san complied obediently. I relentlessly used my honed kissing skills...

"Nnnnnn!!!"

And she bounced.

Hmm, there's someone less merciful than me. I haven't even put my tongue in yet.

I can tell what kind of intense torment Charlotte is giving from Ephemera's trembling body. She twisted her waist and spurted juice on my pants.

I decided to insert my tongue into her too.

"Nu! NuuNNnnnn!!"

I caught the girl's tongue and rubbed it, enjoying the sensation and taste. Charlotte continued to torture Ephemera without stopping, and somehow - even though her combat abilities are top-class- it seems that the girls in this world have weak endurance to pleasure. She was shaking like a hare, with indecent fluids spraying all over.

Charlotte was tormenting one nipple and her lady part, so I played with the other nipple and mouth. My other hand supported her waist to prevent her from slipping down from the chair.

The lovely lord and lady working together in tandem.

This is truly a married couple's combined effort!

"Precisely!"

"Fu, gu... nnuuunnnnnn!"

I drank her saliva, sucked her tongue, and twisted her nipples - while Charlotte did the other nipple and stirred her lower part. It might be too much for her, but - hmm, she was not only wanted to kill me ―― but also Charlotte.

"Uguu! Nn, nuuuu!" Her lips, firmly grasping mine, trembled with excitement. Her tongue twisted and turned, capturing and overwhelming me even as I struggled to draw back.

"D-Desmond-sama...?" I could hear the surprise in Charlotte-chan's voice.

I slipped my finger inside her vagina, where Charllote's finger had already penetrated. Our fingers intertwined as we explored the flesh of a former assassin, as husband and wife.

"Nnuuuu! Nn, ngguuuuuu❤!!" Ephemera quivered and jerked, enveloping us in pleasure.

"Well, well, what a tight fit. She got a very nice pussy. I don't doubt Charlotte's discipline, but if I ravage her all night, I'm sure she won't even think of turning the knife on me.

"U...fuaaahh!" Charlotte let out a funny sound and trembled.

As my crotch swell. I continued to stir the Ephemera's vagina with my Charlotte.

"D-Desmond-sama...if you're wanting so intensely, then I...ahh...the feelings will...ng, flow into me...ahh..."

I pressed down on Ephemera's crotch.

"Aaaaaaaa~h❤"

But instead of Ephemera, whose lips were covered by me, Charlotte let out a helpless moan.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

―― The unwanted ones crawl up from the "shadow" that is not originate from "darkness".

It was a modest inn within a small town. They gathered in silence, and nodded at one other without saying anything. They were guided between their own and other terms. Eye contact was unnecessary because they were all embraced by the darkness. They appeared to be more shadows than actual shadows, suppressing their breath and presence, killing any traces, and putting an end to the target's existence.

The 《Gray Hound》 their major concern thankfully stayed in Aldora territory. They were greatly underestimated, but it was good if the other side let their guard down. As "shadow", they will simply and quietly cut the cord.

Quietly, the shadow targeted the lord and his wife who slept carelessly. When invading the inn, they made no noise with their footsteps or rustling clothes, breathing or heartbeat. There was no arrogance or carelessness. Without joy or sadness, they worked systematically as assassins, as "shadow".

That is why the "Shadow" are often associated with insects. Like insects, they are inanimate and impassive――they are being called that with disgust, contempt, and fear.

They entered the first floor. If they were worthless thieves, they would break in through the window. But they were shadow. They can easily quietly hide in the lingering heat.

A presence always lingers. Especially in places where the place is filled with people. You can imagine a schoolhouse, for example. Or in a carriage that you have been riding in for a long time. Nobody is supposed to be there, but there is a peculiar warmth, a lingering presence. They were hiding in it. If they could do that, it would be foolish to go in through the window. From the same place people come and go during the day, they slipped into the inn naturally. They are "shadow". ―― and "Shadow" are the most common form of existence in the world.

The shadows advanced.

Kill the lord and lady of the Aldora territory and make it look like the work of their guards. This was a method they had used many times before. If necessary, they wouldn't hesitate to set the inn on fire to achieve their goal, but they refrained from doing so because it would reduce their chances of success.

――They came across one dog.

"Overprotective old man." muttered 《Ephemera》 disdainfully.

"I am currently the lord's escort. I am not a garbage collector, damn it..." she grumbled and swore, no one would think she used to be one of the defeated "Shadow".

The "shadow" that radiates from her is consuming corpses like swamp of ants.

Beside her was a gray dog. Its fluffy fur resembled eyebrows and a mustache.

"Hoho"

Of course, it was a 【Gray hound】 but Ephemera is the one controlling it.

Randolph Stein, one of the "Strongest" and an increasingly lively old man was on duty. However, he had also entrusted one of the 【Gray hound】 to "Ephemera."

Giving Ephemera, a former Swift Family Shadow, command of such a powerful magical instrument. A significant degree of confidence was required. According to one elderly gentleman.

"Oh, from what I've heard, you're probably more obedient than I am..."

"...noisy"

Even if that's true, what about that?

"Also, a safety mechanism has been built-in. If you try to use it to fight against ours, its fangs will turn towards you."

"What is this...? I don't know such a complicated and difficult magical formula..."

If disassembling and deciphering each one, how much training will it take to replicate it? She's interested in more than just a tiny bit.

"Oh, it will also explode if you tamper with it."

"Shouldn't you tell me that first!"

"~~Hoho."

This is no laughing matter.

She was stationed on the roof of the carriage during the day and on patrol at the inn at night. This was the situation. There was no point in having myself as a guard in the first place. She was sure that the dog will be able to handle the process, but her pride would not allow it if she entrusted them with everything.

After all, She is currently the lord's escort.

If they invade the "Aldora Territory." they will be sent back with after polite "hospitality". But if they are attacked along the road, they will be crumpled up and thrown away. They are her former colleagues, but if they are "enemies" of the Lord and onee-sama, there will be no mercy for them. In the first place, if you are a "Shadow." you cannot have a sense of camaraderie, which includes blood connection. The Lord, who sleeps blissfully with Charlotte and Katherine, is unaware of this slaughter.

But it was good that he did not know. She would take care of these "Shadow". That is why she refused to be named. She feels that she would be more comfortable as his "shadow" if she did not have a name.

Although she had to serve as a guard, she refused to join because she felt embarrassed about panting.

――They might let me lick as a reward...

Kyuuun❤

She felt a throbbing sensation in her lower abdomen.

She moistened her lips with her pink tongue.

She returned with eagerness, She can see herself ending up panting and gasping when the lord woke up and filled her mouth with plenty of liquid.

What a disgrace for someone who was supposed to be a first-class assassin.

◇

"Chicken Sense"――

―― That's my skill. Sorry for the stupid name. After all, I think so too. But that's just how things are, I get used to it as I kept calling it. ―― The tentative becomes the definite, as is so often the case. ――*cough*.

The "Chicken Sense" is essentially like an "omen" that warns of approaching danger. However, since it's an omen in this fantasy world, it's not something to be taken lightly. Despite being my skill, I can't activate it manually and I don't know what kind of threat it has sensed. In other words, it just fuels my anxiety.

Damn it!

Thinking about this skill reminds me of a certain hound. But to be fair, I have to admit that it was thanks to his (unpleasant) guidance that I awakened the skill so it can't be helped.

Well, when it doesn't react, then it's not a big deal, but since it's quite helpful for assessing the level of danger, I can't be dismissive of it, especially since its nature is particularly insidious.

By the way, a skill is not something that is acquired separately from a person's abilities and can be activated independently. It's considered a skill when one's ability has become so honed that it can be activated like a single ability. In other words, it's not something like....

"Tereretetere𝅘𝅥𝅮 Desmond has learned 'Chicken Sense'."

It's not something where you learn a skill all of a sudden. It's more like "When did I become able to do this? Oh, it seems like a skill. Then what should I name it?" Depending on the skill, some are already widely recognized. In such cases, the rank is determined based on the person's accuracy and proficiency, without them having to name it themselves. By the way, according to Randolph, my "Chicken Sense" is a unique skill and its content is said to be ranked EX. Despite being this disgraceful skill that fuels my anxiety! If it's that high rank then does it mean I just can't control it?

When I say that, Randolph lets out a deep sigh. "I see, so that's all you understand... Well, that's also fine. Hoho."

...

"Hoho" my ass, explain it to me!

Well, leaving aside that grandpa with his jolly criminal tendencies, let's talk about this ungrateful backstabbing skill.

This thing...

――-was triggered grandly the other day.

it's a pretty big one.

It hadn't been triggered before this since I received the invitation, so why now?

That's why, even though I was internally trembling and on edge, I was still trying to head to Swift's house with some composure...Why now!?

If the "chicken sense" was activated due to another issue unrelated to the invitation (which is also a problem), it would be fine. However, since it's unclear what the "chicken sense" reacted to, it's definitely from a mischievous actor. It would have been so much better if it had been caused by a dragon or a powerful magical beast attacking, and it'd be like, "Ah, so that's the cause." and move on. If it had been an enemy like that, Grandpa would have greeted them with joy, which would have been more reassuring. At the time, I heard a strange report of a black, high-speed flying object passing near Aldora, so I thought it might be a dragon, but in the end, there was no such invasion.

My anxiety was being stirred up.

You're supposed to be my skill.

――Ah, I want to go home... But if I ditch the invitation and go home, it could give them an excuse to attack us, so I still have to muster up the courage to go.

For my precious girls, the people, and to protect our territory...

The carriage I was riding in was creaking and shaking as it headed towards the Swift's territory.

"Aah, Desmond-sama! You're so rough!"

Charlotte, in a red seductive dress, was straddling my lap and shaking her hips.

It was a reverse cowgirl. She straddled my lap and expertly massaged every inch of my flesh. There's also someone licking under her red skirt.

Ah, it felt so good...

I grabbed Charlotte's almost-spilling breasts and massaged them. Her red dress that showed her bare smooth shoulders resembling white boiled eggs only accentuated her fairy-like appearance. And to add to that, the cleavage pushed up and exposed by the dress was nothing short of lethal. The sweet aroma that invited me was emanating from her skin and hair. I enjoyed licking and smelling it, and as a result, I was getting angrier inside Charlotte. The appeal that was emanating from her deep cleavage was overwhelming...

Overwhelming...erotic!

In this world, there is no concept of erotic. However, there is a widespread belief that the bigger the breasts, the more milk they can produce, and this belief has even infiltrated the nobility. It can be one way to show that you are a competent woman. What a pity. There is no such thing as good or bad when it comes to boobs. That's why Charlotte wears this dress...Even though there is no eroticism, I can't help but notice that my attention is drawn to Charlotte's breasts. I have to appeal to Charlotte as well...

*knead* *knead*

"Ah, ahhh..."

"To think that you just handle me like this...ahh..."

If I pour my feelings into Charlotte, who is deeply connected to me, she will feel them much more.

――Gufufu.

.........

――I'm distracted! I'm indeed scared and my "chicken sense" is reacting, I'm completely on edge!

"Ahh... having my breasts fondled like this... can you feel it? They're completely full, aren't they? Nngh... As expected of Desmond-sama..."

Hmph, her breasts are indeed completely full...

The meat pillar that had sunk to the base pushed up Charlotte's uterus as it descended.

"Aaahh!" My tip pushed through the entrance of her womb, and then, my "chicken sense" is no longer an issue in my mind. I'm completely satisfied with the sensual pleasure of a beautiful woman's body. Haah, the bewitching folds that are soaking wet cling to me, making me tremble and ecstatic.

They say that men want to embrace women before going into battle. But this is coming from a chicken who ran away from his first battle and hasn't been on the battlefield since.

I shake my hips against Charlotte, who writhes in pleasure and knead her maternal lumps of meat. I remember the position of her erect nipples. I circle it with my fingers on her dress and...

"Haa, ah, aaahh!" Charlotte trembles, the flesh of the intertwined man and woman make a lewd sound.

We still have a long way to go to our destination. So why is Charlotte already wearing her dress?

"Because it excites Desmond-sama."

"Of course, but I also think that you're trying to ease your anxiety by being embraced in the dress you'll wear."

"What?! Can Desmond-sama read my mind too?!"

"No, I can't. But I can understand you that much. After all, I'm always thinking about Charlotte."

*Kyuuun*, her vagina tightens. It trembles and undulates as if she's being spoiled.

"――Gufufu, I love you, Charlotte."

"Hey, please don't tease me... gufufu."

Oh, you dare mimic me. "Hyaa Ahh!" I tease her deep inside, and she screams in a high-pitched voice. Unable to resist, I hold her even tighter and thrust in deeper.

"I won't let you go."

"Haann, please don't let go... but if you keep doing that, I'll... nh!"

Charlotte has become more sexually active than I am, but when I pour my feelings into her like this, she gets shy and embarrassed. I want to love her more and more...

"Haahh, nnn, hiiii!" I stroke her wavy, platinum-blonde hair and lick her ears while thinking, "I love you."

She tightens, and a flood of juices spills out of her.

Then...

*Lick, lick*

"Ohh!"

Y..you! Katherine!

Alroda's lord and his party are in the carriage, and of course, they are accompanied by the maid. The nymphomaniac, masochist maid Katherine. She slips under Charlotte's red skirt and licks Aldora's lord's member as he penetrates his wife. She licks my balls, put them in her mouth, and then the main course――

*Lick, lick, lick, lick...*

Huaaaah, don't!! stop! Don't invade the lord's lower gate!

Cold and beautiful Katherine teases my rectum with her warm tongue, making me quiver. Charlotte's vagina convulses, and her cervix tries to milk my semen...

*Suck, suck...*

It's not just Katherine. Ephemera is also here. She's a beautiful woman with white hair and blue eyes, dressed in male clothing. She bites my neck and gives me loving kisses. She's become so obedient... I've never seen her not being submissive.

When I turn my face towards her and stick out my tongue...

"Haa, chu... chu, ku... chu..."

She lovingly sucks on my tongue, twines it, rubs it against hers and sucks up my saliva. I'm content, so I give her more saliva. Drink it up!

I have my tongue sucked by a former assassin, my asshole licked by a maid, and rubbing my wife's tits while penetrating deep inside her.

What a luxurious lordly scene.

With this, there is no time to feel uneasy.

Maybe that's why they cling to me.

――If I said it's true, then it's true!

"Oh, ah...I'm going to cum..."

"Please, release it inside my womb..."

"Uuuuu...Mmm!"

I reached my climax inside Charlotte's vagina, and Ephemera greedily sucked on them. Our lips sucked and intertwined while I ejaculated inside my beloved wife. The maid's tongue was probing my anus. Charlotte moaned and cum in response to my pulsating rhythm. The splash directly hit Katherine's face. However, it was nothing but a reward for her.

"Fuuhhhh..."

We all panting. The lewd smell of men and women mingling filled the carriage. In the dense and sweet scent of their sweat and secretions, I became more and more aroused as a red-blooded male.

Charlotte raised her butt with her hands on the opposite seat, the maid and former assassin also raised their butts. Charlotte's white and large ass emerged from under her red skirt. The white liquid that I poured into her gaping petals slipped down and invited me with a tantalizing scene of eroticism. Under Katherine's maid skirt was also a small red fabric. Her captivating white hips, which were equivalent to Charlotte's emphasized it lasciviously, and there was a garter belt too. This maid was equipped with a terrifying weapon. Her underwear, which eating into her ass was soaked and her thighs were already showing lewd wet lines. Ephemera also lowered her pants and underwear and raised her cute butt. She's also already dripping wet.

Three women with different charms and allure, shook their hips to tempt me.

It would be rude not to fuck these things. I, in turn, grab the girls by the hips - and then....

"""Aaaaaaaahh~!"""

My penis rejoices as I go inside each of them and feel their different tastes. Comparing their velvety folds.

The indulgent behavior of the lord.

――Gufufu.

The carriage creaks and shakes as I pour my essence inside each of them. The sounds of the breaths of both men and women mix and tangle together. However, no matter how much the carriage creaks unnaturally, the events inside are not noticed by anyone outside.

The skill "Ero Space" (What an unfortunate name, but since Charlotte likes it, it can't be helped). It's a forbidden skill that Charlotte awakened. It isolates the area inside, allowing any lewd activities to take place without leaking it to outside.

The central element that makes up this skill seems to be the spell 【Isolation wall】, but I vaguely recall hearing that it's a secret of the prestigious noble Terrace family...

Umm, I don't think I can face your parents anymore.

Could it be that this is the reason for my "chicken sense"?

While holding a slight chill, the carriage heads towards the Swift territory under the early summer sun.

Wait, hold on a second. Do I have to keep thrusting all the way until we arrive? Maybe I can beat the carriage horses if I wear a pedometer or something?

How can a lord work harder than a horse...?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"The assassins we sent out are all dead. We can't find any bodies, nor can we get any information about what's going on over there."

Peter Swift muttered with a displeased expression in his office. With a nervous-looking face and veins throbbing on his temples, he had blonde hair and blue eyes.

"...We don't think《Gray Hound》....."

"I don't want any excuses."

"...yes."

With a sharp retort, the elderly butler couldn't help but close his mouth in embarrassment. Wearing a butler's uniform similar to a tailcoat, he had a serious and stern face, with beads of sweat forming on his forehead.

The butler had been ordered by Swift to send assassins to kill the Aldora lord and his entourage heading toward this mansion. However, instead of receiving good news, all he got was reports that the assassins, Shadow, had been defeated.

Both during the day and night.

Even if they tried to ambush under the cover of darkness, even if they tried to set an inn on fire, or disguised themselves as thieves and attacked in broad daylight, they were all defeated before they could carry out their attacks.

Desmond Damwead, Lord of Aldora.

His wife, Charlotte.

And Katherine, Charlotte's maid.

He has heard that Katherine is as capable as Shadow. However, it was only on par with them and not overpowering them. Or perhaps other guards didn't reveal themselves. The gray hound can hide himself, but it's not in his nature to hide and lurk, as he've heard from him. But then, how powerful were they really?

Their own forces were gradually dwindling, and the carriage was approaching this mansion with each passing moment.

A mediocre noble with no prestigious lineage, Charlotte's family status may be high, but she is a woman. Not to mention Katherine.

Needless to say, compared to such a party, to think that they would trouble him, the Swifts... What disrespect.

The butler stood still in impatience, while Peter whose temples twitched, felt discomfort.

The heavy atmosphere hung in the office.

However.

"But he's just a third-rate noble. As a first-rate noble, I should keep my composure. I won't be affected by someone of low class like him. "

Peter says to himself. The butler listened without saying a word.

"But keep the attacks going. There's no need to use the 'Shadow' anymore. It would have been enough to assign someone insignificant. He's a coward who runs away at the first battle. Just being aware that he was being targeted will put considerable pressure on him."

"Indeed, Peter-sama, you are right."

It was a boring flattery, but what was absurd was that both of them really believed it. They blindly believe their wishful thinking without knowing current Desmond capability and without having any credible intel. However, it was understandable.

They still saw Desmond as a man with no prestigious lineage, no martial arts skills, and was only able to impregnate Charlotte by chance. And if he was really that kind of man, no matter how powerful the "gray hound" was, he would bow down and submit when faced with their strength.

If they come into contact with the Terrace family, they will surely receive some advice, but even so, they still confront us face to face. it will be easy to subdue them now, as he is nothing more than a coward.

They sincerely believed so.

Pride, Arrogance.

And indeed, Desmond was nervous with his "chicken sense" tingling, but thanks to the devoted and the girls putting their bodies on the line for him, literally, making his courage gauge pumped up to 100%. They also have grayhound and former "Shadow" leader of the Swift family, Ephemera. She kept her appearance hidden and was enjoying herself in the "Ero Space" in the carriage with the other two, being embraced by her lord with pleasure. The reason she was able to do that while protecting the group was all thanks to the grayhound's instincts. She decided to shamelessly indulge in the activity that make her face goes stupid and crossed-eyed without holding back. The timid lord himself was unaware that he was being attacked.

The lord of Aldora, currently swinging his hips like a stud, was approaching Swift's manor every second.

"At least, let's prepare ourselves now."

At his office, Peter murmured to himself.

Sadly, there's no one to tell him to pack up and run away.

◇

"aaaahhhh!"

The scream sounded as I was pressed down on Ephemera-chan in the carriage and creampied her.

"Fu...Ah.... it's flowing in..."

She wrapped her supple legs around my waist and pulled me towards her, receiving my seed. She also put her arms around my back, showing a very sweet side. She was completely devoted to me, embracing me tightly, our private parts were intimately connected.

I wanted to thrust my hips a little more and pour all into her, but now that I had heard it, I know it was the time.

"Ahh!"

With a squelching sound, the plug of flesh came out of her vagina, and thick, cloudy white fluid overflowed. Between Ephemera's white pubic hairs, swollen and from arousal, the reddened, gaping petals peeked out.

――Gufufu, a beautiful sight to behold as always.

My erect shaft was still as hard, pointing at the sky. But now...

【Clean】

"?"

"?"

Katherine and Ephemera looked at me with question marks floating above their heads. Did they not hear it? Or perhaps they shut it out of their consciousness, assuming that even if they did hear it, it is something that the nobles wouldn't be involved in.

I glanced at Charlotte.

――Uwaa...

Her large emerald eyes sparkled like precious gems. She could see right through my feelings, as our hearts were connected. Her face seemed to contain a hint of expectation as if she was longing for something she had finally encountered...

――When you look at me with those eyes, it's really embarrassing... But well, let's just do it as usual.

Though, it's been quite a while.

I straightened my clothes. I dressed in my usual casual shirt and pants. And inside this carriage is isolated, thanks to Charlotte-chan's skill, but once I open the door, that isolation will be lifted right? Everyone is still bewildered by me suddenly casting 【Clean】 on them, except for Charlotte who can understand my thought. Even so, I tell them to fix their clothes properly.

I opened the door of the carriage.

Outside was a hilly area. The road wound its way through the rugged landscape. The sky is so clear it could make one dizzy with white clouds. The early summer air stirred up the scent of grass.

"Is something wrong, Desmond-sama?"

The coachman noticed my presence and spoke up. Good, it seems like he hasn't noticed our escapade. Charlotte-chan's skill is truly amazing.

"You're welcome."

Even her voice is soothing.

"We'll encounter some monsters soon."

The coachman just raised his eyebrows slightly. As expected of our coachman.

"You're as reliable as ever," he said and continued driving the carriage.

"Is that true, master?" Ephemera asked.

"Yeah, I heard a scream about over this hill."

"....."

*shing*

Ephemera seemed to be readying something.

"Are you planning to go there?"

"Of course."

She spoke as if it was only natural.

"Stop, you've been using a lot of stamina just now, haven't you?"

Although it was me who was the cause...I couldn't just come out and say it. After all, the coachman was also here.

I pat her head. "Take a rest. You're strong, I know that you're capable. But unlike Charlotte and me, you use up almost all of your stamina. If anything happens to you, I'll be sad."

"――"

"Is something wrong?"

"N-No...." "Ephemera" hesitated slightly and said, "I am a 'Shadow.' A 'tool,'....originally meant to come and kill you two..."

"But now you're my woman."

"――"

"――looks like we've arrived."

I looked forward.

"Iron Wolf..."

Ah, those are tough. I hesitate to kill animals even though they're monsters. But since people are being attacked, I can't afford to worry about such things. And he trained me that way.

That damn old man.

Until now, the one who was by my side from the start was that damn old man, so the feeling of having a proper escort and worrying about my safety like Ephemera is quite refreshing.

And if it's that old man,

"Hoho, look, Desmond-sama, there's a monster"

(Rough translation) Hurry up and defeat it. You're not scared of that, are you?

And if I was slow to detect it, I could be thrown out the window. It was even worse than Spartan ―― and you called that escort?

――I don't get him.

Anyway, let's digress.

When I looked around, it appeared like a merchant's carriage was being attacked, and although there were guards there, their numbers were tragically lacking. Honestly, what is the lord of this region doing, allowing monsters to appear on a commercial road? But somehow this could be their approach.

As usual, I feel a sense of disappointment when I go outside.

And then, Ephemera said, "B-but you ran away in your first battle..."

――Being labeled as a coward, huh. I knew that's how they would judge me. And honestly, I think the same about myself.

I almost chuckled.

"That's true. I mean, who would want to do that? Killing people or getting killed. I thought it was something I can stomach before going to the battlefield, but once I actually experienced it, it was different. Even now, I am certain in my ability to escape."

"But saying that with confidence is...". Well, "Then, why..."

"Of course, because I also hate it when someone dies or gets hurt. Well then, I'll be back in a bit."

"Ah!"

Even bore Ephemera's voice could escape her, I jumped out of the carriage and accelerated by kicking the ground with my 【physical enhancement】. In my childhood, I used magic recklessly and cause my Magic Circuit to get strangely rigid. That's why I can't use "proper" magic. But I can still manage with this kind of "unidirectional" magic.

I only left the breeze of wind as I move.

I'm a coward. I can't use "proper" magic. I ran away even from the first battle on easy mode. A failure as a noble, a "heretic".

Even so, if someone is about to be hurt――, it doesn't matter if they are commoners or not. Maybe that's why I'm even more of an outcast.

Am I strong or weak? That's obvious, I'm weak. After all, I only fight opponents whom I know are not dangerous due to my "chicken sense".

I'm a coward who only chooses to play on easy mode.

"Then, who do you think is the strongest opponent you've faced?"

"Of course, it's grandpa, Charlotte-chan....Ah, Katherine is also scary."

"....."

"Hah!"

"Grrrr!?"

As I thrust my arm forward, Iron Wolf flew through the air. I Step. Turn.

"Sei!"

"Grrrr!"

One by one, Iron Wolves were thrown into the air and slammed back to the ground. They twitched, spitting blood from their mouths, and then breathed their last.

I'm sorry.

And so, I defeated all of the Iron Wolves.

For the injured merchant, I use 【Heal】.

"Huh? No way? He didn't show any signs of using any magic formulas. And yet he can cast it? What is that? Is such a thing possible...?"

"Fufufu." Charlotte caught the astonished Ephemera from behind and pressed down. "I wonder why? But well, that's maybe why he was able to awaken me by just using my body――"

She pokes Ephemera at her private part.

"Ahh, no, Onee-sama...." Ephemera reacted with a twitch...

"Ephemera, you're all wet."

"T-That's because I was just..."

"Oh my, trying to lie to me? *Sniff sniff*, I smell the scent of a little liar. My eyes don't deceive me. After getting bred, filled, and then receiving kind words from Desmond-sama earlier, you got all wet. Not because you're Desmond-sama's shadow, but because you're a woman, right, Ephemera-chan? You act all happy and excited, all blushing and fluttering, haven't you?"

"Umm, no, that's..."

Ephemera's handsome face blushed. That was hard to believe for someone who used to be a Shadow.

And then Desmond returned.

"Desmond-sama, let's continue where we left off and ravish Ephemera even more."

"W-Waa."

As she was pushed forward,

She is thrown and caught in his chest, looking slowly up to see a nobleman's face that, according to Desmond, is disgustingly handsome.

――thump.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ah, we've arrived..."

I've crossed mountains (meaningful), ventured into valleys and through caves (meaningful), across the vast ocean and sopping wet swam (meaningful), and finally, we've arrived in one piece. I think it's a miracle that I didn't get completely dried out. On the other hand, the women are all shining brightly. I don't necessarily want to be on the receiving end, but I can't help but feel that this is unfair.

"While saying such things, Desmond-sama did take plenty of magical power from me, didn't he? I should be the one who was about to wither away."

Said the wife who has her platinum blonde hair shining more than usual.

Well, I was given magic power alright, or rather, it was more like I was force-fed gasoline.....the engine in my waist reached a level beyond the heavens.

Now that we have arrived, I can see just how utterly remote my territory is.

It was so, so far away...

Still, I never imagined that the day would come when I could leave Aldora. More like I didn't even want to leave... Moreover, the reason for it was an invitation to a party from my wife's ex-husband...

――Ahh, I want to go back...

"Come on, Desmond-sama, my father and mother have already arrived."

――Pardon?

What did you just say?

I am faced with the reality that I have to fight Charlotte's ex-husband, but it's another to think that meeting her parents is some kind of prelude to the final battle. Charlotte is excited to introduce me to them, but I need some time to prepare myself.

"Both of them were so eager to meet Desmond-sama. I never thought the day would come when I could introduce you to them. Hurry, hurry."

Charlotte tugged on my arm, looking thrilled to be able to let me meet her mom and dad. The way she does it is very cute, but.....

"Wait a minute! Give me some time to prepare myself!"

Speaking of Charlotte's parents, her dad is the dashing red-haired man I met when I was introduced to Charlotte's family eight years ago. He was perfect, both as a nobility, and a mage. And from him, for a very, grudging marriage, he said...

'If you dare do something terrible to my daughter, I'll make sure you regret it.'

I don't even want to remember that traumatic pressure from him.

"We've only talked through letters so far, but my father is very pleased with Desmond-sama for impregnating me."

That's also a pressure in itself, whether they welcome me or treat me coldly, I'm the troublesome son-in-law who's scared to death.

"Also, my mother would love to meet you."

Charlotte's, mother.

I wonder why. Like mother, like daughter. Even though it's just a phrase that expresses a relationship, why do those two words together exudes so much power?

HAHAHA, no no, oh my "Chicken Sense" Why are you reacting to it, didn't you rarely work and have never reacted like this before? In the first place, if Charlotte's parents were waiting for us, shouldn't you react when we arrived at this inn?

And yet, It reacts only after I hear about it...

This rascal skill...

However, no matter how much she is Charlotte's mother, she is still the wife of the prestigious noble family of Earl Terrace. And, the reason why Charlotte turned out like this is that I regained the memories of my past life and embraced her. ――For instance, being eccentric, like our old dog, but that's probably too much of an exaggeration...

"Please be careful. she's me and Onee-sama's mother after all."

"――"

――I'm getting a little bit of a stomach ache. Oh, this is a bad one. I'm sure I won't be able to get out of the bathroom until tomorrow's party.....

And just when I tried to find a bathroom in the hallway of the inn.

"Guess who~♪"

Suddenly, my vision was obstructed. And on my back was a soft maternal weapon that was equivalent to or even greater than Charlotte's softness... My eyes were covered and hugged tightly. I can feel it squishing...and it smelled so good too.

"Desmond-sama? Your nose is flaring. What is your answer? You have five seconds to answer. I don't want to end up giving birth to this child as a widow."

Eh?

I've heard this voice before.

That is, up until recently. Before I regained the memory of my previous life and started to bang Charlotte. You know, when I received the key to her room,

'Oh, the garden stone is working.'

... The intonation, the cold voice, the distain...

"Five."

Wait, what's that!?

It's as if as she said the number, a fire is lit at the tip of one of her fingers.....

"Four."――*Puff*!

I heard it! I definitely heard it just now!

It sounds like two, swirling, converging fireballs.

"Three."

I can hear a crackling sound! It's crackling and popping as if three fireballs are resonating and roaring together!

"Oh my, Charlotte-chan, you've improved quite a bit, haven't you?"

I heard a cheerful voice in my ear. Or rather, lips pressed into my ear and I felt her breath into my ear, making me squirm ...

"My, that's very brave of you to think about that. I'll skip numbers 2 and 1 then. Now, Desmond-sama? Have you prepared your answers? Have you prayed to God? Are you ready to be rocked and humiliated on the bed?"

"Oh my, Charlotte-chan..."

I heard a pleasant voice from behind me. I feel like her voice is similar to Charlotte's. However, from the front, there is a hot, roaring heat like a raging furnace. But as a husband, I can only feel cold. I can hardly believe it, but! Charlotte-sama is holding five 【fireball】 in her hand and playing with them!

I'm not sure, but I have to bet on one fact!

On my grandfather's name!

'Hoho, you called for me?'

Shit! It's a death flag!

"Mother-in-law! This is Charlotte's mother!"

I screamed, forgetting my status and manners as a lord and a nobleman.

"Buuu buu~ you're wrong♪"

――I am dead! Goodbye reincarnated life! Honestly, I wanted to have more and more sex with Charlotte and have enough children to build a village, as she said.

Although, it is Charlotte who kills me, so......"

I won't kill you. I only want to punish you. But, mother, Desmond-sama was right, so please let him go. In the first place, it's Desmond-sama's fault for being so happy to be hugged by mother."――hmph

Oh, Charlotte-chan is getting all pouty. What a cute and refreshing sight.

"I won't forgive you even if you say that."

I didn't mean it that way, but ―― I was being serious!

"No, you are not correct. I am Charlotte's mother, but you have to call me by my first name, Margaret. Otherwise, unacceptable ❤"

Oooh, breathe like that into my ear... it's too much...

Wait, what? Does this person know about erotic stuff? Ah, stop, don't blow into my ear...

"Desmond-sama?"

Oh no! There's no warmth in Miss Charlotte's voice! But I can't forcibly pull my mother-in-law off me...

"Margaret-sama."

"Oh my, You can just call me by my name."

*Squeeze.*

Her busty chest pressed against me...

I'm about to explode!

...No, no, no, this is no good. Even if she's a woman, she has a higher rank than me, a Baron, and even higher than my birth family, Viscount.

There's no way I can call her just by her name! But if I don't call her by her name, she's apparently going to unleash her 【Fireball】 - or rather, that's not even a 【Fireball】 anymore?

"It's a Five Fin⬤er Flares."

Stop it! I'm getting murdered with knowledge from another world!

"Now now, please don't hesitate to call me by my name, Desmond-sama. Anyone can address your wife's mother by her first name," whispered Margaret-sama in my ear.

Hey, stop it! She's getting closer! Ahh, her nose, her noseeee! No, noooo~~~~!

It seems that as soon as I arrived at Swift's territory, I was baptized by the Terrace family.

By my wife and her mother.

◇

"Desmond-kun, I'm extremely sorry on behalf of my wife......"

In the room we were guided to, my father-in-law bowed his head toward me. He looked very, very apologetic. With reddish hair, eyebrows, and a mustache of the same color, he was a nice-looking middle-aged man who exudes dandyism, despite his slightly stern demeanor. His eyes were brown.

I had hesitated to meet him—or rather, both of them—but seeing such an apologetic face from a middle-aged man made me feel so uncomfortable.

Furthermore, the culprit of all this, my wife's mother, Margaret-sama, ――or should I call her the "Big Mistress", was sitting next to me on the couch facing my father-in-law. Charlotte was on my other side.

――Why!

.....

"No, nothing to apologize for. She's just a lovely person, and I'd bet your house is bright and cheerful because of her."

I smiled softly, wearing my badass sweet aristocrat mask.

Oh,

Daddy's expression softened. Hey, can you please stop looking at me like you're trying to bear hug me like that? It's so awkward. If that is the case, I would rather be treated badly..... Moreover, you bowed down to me just now, right? I'm not sure if it's okay for an earl to bow down to a baron.

――No, that's not it.

.....

Well, I guess that's because my impregnation of Charlotte had a positive effect on them to that extent, but for me, being able to embrace the girl I love and being happy about it comes first, and I just happened to impregnate her as a result of my desire. Besides, it's still the first child. I still intend to have Charlotte bear more children.

"Ah,... Desmond-sama... What are you planning to do.... making me wet in front of my parents... Nnuu..."

On my left, Charlotte-chan rubbed her thighs together.

――Gufufu.

I try to raise my spirits, but in front of me, my father-in-law who seemed to have raised his evaluation of me, and on my right, my mother-in-law who pressed her breasts against me like her daughter did.

――They're huge. So big in fact that I think they even surpassed Charlotte's. But...what? Why does my mother-in-law press her tits against me and enjoy it?

She shouldn't be aware of eros... right?

Well, for now, it seems like my father-in-law doesn't care, but in this world, even if there is no sexual desire, there are emotions like love, possessiveness, and jealousy. But, without eros, simply pushing breasts on me may not evoke a response, or it may conclude in an outright denial. Is my father-in-law not possessive, or has he been unconsciously trained to put his wife's actions outside of his awareness? Hmm, it's probably best not to think about it anymore.

It's not a good idea to meddle in other people's affairs, right☆.

And besides, my own marriage is in a pinch, to begin with.

"A pinch? You're saying an interesting thing." She spoke in the tone of speech that she use before I fully regained my memory from my prior life. It seems that just pleasing her by words won't be enough to be forgiven.

"Forgiven? For what? I love Desmond-sama, and I know Desmond-sama loves me the most. So why would our relationship be in a pinch? Yes, if my mother pushes her chest against your arm, you might be conscious of the difference between hers and her daughter's breasts... But I know that Desmond-sama loves me the most, even now. So why would it be a pinch?"

*Shivering, trembling.*

This is bad, it's really bad. And there, my 'chicken sense' is finally reacting. it's so damn annoying!

"Oh my, is everything alright? Desmond-sama, you're sweating quite a bit."

said the mother on the right, as she dabbed at my forehead with a handkerchief.

*pat pat*

As she did so, I couldn't help but feel overwhelmed by a large maternal presence, Uoooh, mama's munyuu-munyuu is pressing my arm.

"Hee~"

*press*

and Charlotte's breasts are pressing on my left arm harder.

――"No! this's not it!"

I couldn't even look at my beloved wife.

"Oh dear, the sweat won't stop."

she continued to dab at my forehead.

Mama's tits jiggle and move around my arm.

She's doing this on purpose, isn't she.....?

"Yes, that's right. After all, when someone presses their breasts against Desmond-sama, he stiffens his body and tries his best not to let his nose flare up. It's no wonder my mother can see through it... Hmm, so Desmond-sama has such a taste..."

That-that's not it!

And besides, what kind of taste are you talking about!

Surely, if you are Charlotte's maman, you are 29 +..... at least 15?

"My onee-sama is thirty-eight years old"

Uh-oh, my Scouter broke. I guess I can't calculate her power level anymore...oh damn.....

――Unh, seriously. Because!

Charlotte's mother, Margaret, is twenty-nine years old, but she looks younger than Charlotte――who has the look of a pretty girl!

They both have wavy platinum blonde hair and big emerald eyes. Charlotte now wears a neat white dress, and Margaret wears a similar white dress that makes her look younger than Charlotte if one is not careful.....

How can she be older?

The term 'beautiful witch' seems fitting, and that's only based on her appearance, her behavior could even be seen as mischievous... Overwhelmingly devilish, demonic, she's a demon....or a demon queen...

Daddy, do something, she's your wife!

"He can't. because it's mother."

Well, I don't want to hear any more details about that.

"However, it's not Desmond-sama's fault that they are being so affectionate."

.....

――it seems like my hit points might drop to zero before the actual battle...

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Desmond-kun, thank you so much for impregnating Charlotte."

The red-haired dandy expressed his gratitude from the bottom of his heart.

Now, back to the main topic.

Or rather, the main problem.

Though I was overwhelmed by the impact of my mother-in-law, we really needed to talk about this. I instinctively straightened my back and said,

"No, It should be me to be the one to do the thanking, I really want Charlotte to bear my child."

"Dejumond-shama..."

――Ungh, while it's nice to see you melting, let's not do this in front of your parents.

"Congratulations, Charlotte-chan."

――Umm, a heartwarming exchange between a mother and daughter.

Margaret-sama patted Charlotte-chan's pregnant belly that I impregnated, it was a lovely sight. However,

I don't want to be sandwiched between these two mommy powerhouses!

As she reached out toward Charlotte-chan, the overwhelming maternal mass pressed down on me, causing me to squirm and shook.

"Hee~e..."

The daughter's voice was cold and monotone.

However, despite that these mother and daughter duo are in or past their thirties, the two of them had a cute and lovely look like that of a young girl just under twenties, and they smell ridiculously good........

"Ho~o......"

――*shaking**shaking**shaking**shaking*.

"Margaret, Desmond-kun might feel uneasy if you keep doing that."

Oh, my father-in-law has come to my rescue. But...

"Really? Is it bothering you?"

With big emeralds eyes like her daughter, she peered up at me, I am struck.

"No, not bothersome at all. I'm glad you've accepted me."

"Fufufu."

With her smile, Daddy also looks relieved.

I mean, I thought nobles would always hide tricks up their sleeve, but they are surprisingly casual... I wonder if it's because they want me to be close to them.

"That's right, it seems that you understand it well, Desmond-sama."

Charlotte's telepathic message makes me feel like she's saying "Good boy, good boy."

"I'll pet you later."

"Pretty please, after this."

"I did say I entrust it to you. But"

...

"As I suspected, you really enjoy my mother's breasts.......Ufufu, Let's talk more about this....later......"

Later what! Please stop, don't burn me, please!

Still, as Margaret-sama strokes Charlotte's belly, I am pressed down... wait, Mommy! her weight is making her breasts press even harder against me! And the pressure from Charlotte is getting more and more uncomfortable! it seems like things are about to get out of hand.

"Did anything dangerous happen on your way here? For example, being attacked by bandits?"

Good, I'll just concentrate on my story with Daddy. Keep my mind focused on it, tits are just another lump of fat. And as for my wife's... um, I'll just apologize profusely later.

I straightened up and lightly smiled with a distasteful sweet handsome nobleman face, saying, "No. While monsters appeared, there were no thieves or bandits."

Daddy's words definitely meant "Did you get obstructed by that douche?". I too had thought that we would be attacked. Perhaps they really think can win at the party, or they got scared because 《Ephemera》 was stolen from them, but strangely enough, there was no attack at all.

Ephemera too, At first, she had refused to engage in our activities and just "kept watch" instead, which was impressive. However, after a while, she seemed to lose interest and grumbled, 'I'm supposed to be his escort...' all the while, which was very cute. I am happy that she was enthusiastic. When I pointed this out to her each time, she'd say 'Noisy' . So, I made them moan, a lot, and midway through our journey, she participated with us as if she had given up.

By the way, she's currently hiding in my shadow. She is so protective that I wish a certain dog would learn from her. She's extremely grateful and would literally lick my nails clean―― oh, wait. Actually, I was the one who licking her. ――cough Ah, never mind. We can just use magic (a real one, not with my wand).

Then, Daddy raised his eyebrows lightly and said, "I see, that's strange."

"Yes, it is strange," said Charlotte-chan. Interrupting a conversation between two heads of households. I wondered how my father-in-law would react, but he didn't seem to care. That's probably why Charlotte spoke up.

"Surely, Desmond-sama has the heavens on his side. Even the earth."

"Oh, heaven and earth on your side, I see," Daddy said happily.

Hmm, is that something only father and daughter can understand? Or is it a noble euphemism? To be honest, as a third-rate noble, I cannot decipher it.

Well....

As long as the two of them are in good spirits, that's all that matters.

After that, Daddy asked me about our territory and how I was living with Charlotte-chan. He also asked me how I got her pregnant,

...................

I kept pounding her till she passed out. I poured it inside her while chanting my desire to impregnate her......what? If all of the erotic aspects are removed, it sounds just like torture!!

Charlotte-chan is sitting next to me, rubbing her thighs together and looking all fidgety. What will he do if his daughter develops such new desires? Meanwhile, Mama continues to push down on me and touch Charlotte's tummy.

What a free-spirited woman.

――I mean, she's not actually caressing her stomach. It's a little low...

...................

I wonder, what kind of person is she?

"Hmmm. I see, you're interested in my mother."

"It's not like that! I didn't mean it to sound like that!"

Then, as my mother-in-law continued to push her breasts against me, I chatted with Daddy. Is that okay with you, Father-in-law? But I was relieved that he didn't ask too many probing questions. For example, if he wants to ask about the trade deal, I may have a general understanding of it, but as a lord who has been reduced to a mere signature craftsman...

"That's a different department."

"――Can I take it back?"

So, I was secretly nervous. ――Hah.

By the way, We haven't talked about Pi-whatever person at all. I wonder if it's because it violates broadcasting terms. Because of the *Pi* part............. I heard that the Terrace family is being looked down upon by the Swift family because of Charlotte...

――What a pain.

"Oh, then from what I'm hearing, it seems like you're quite self-sufficient." said the father-in-law.

"Yes, but there are still trades coming and going. Although, it's mainly traveling merchants and traveling merchants in our territory." I replied. I don't know anything more than that!

"Merchants, huh?" Papa said. "So, the crops from Aldora territory are already circulating outside without anyone knowing? (I had heard that there were no visible signs of traders coming and going, but I hadn't heard anything about traveling merchants. The state of the territory, the management method... I would have dismissed it as nonsense if it was in the past, but now I'm interested.). I would like to visit next time. I'm sorry that I couldn't go last time, even though you invited me."

"No, father-in-law, I know that you're very busy," I replied. Um, you didn't want to come in the first place, I understand that. It's better not to delve into this topic. But wait, crops circulating without anyone knowing... our products aren't black market goods though.

"I'm glad you say that."

――No, no, it's nothing, I replied along those line.

"Then, I would love to visit as well." said the mother-in-law. "I've been wanting to go for a while now, but this person (husband) wouldn't allow it."

Hey!! read the air, Madam! We were just trying to smooth things out! Father-in-law and I are both going to be in trouble!

"Cough, cough. It's great that you took Charlotte as your wife." said the father-in-law.

"Your words are too kind. I'm grateful." I replied.

We reached an understanding as men. Hmm, it seems like a friendship with the father-in-law might blossom.

"Uho~"

Ah, I didn't hear anything! Absolutely didn't hear it!!

"We had a good talk. I'll look forward to seeing you at the party."

"Yes, leave it to me."

As my father-in-law extended his hand for a handshake, I was about to shake it, so I think it's time for you to step aside, mother-in-law.

Aah! I can't reach him, father-in-law eve stands up and comes over to me!

――Shake hands. *shake* *shake*

Smiling at each other.

Hmm, how gentlemanly. What a guy. Though his twitching mouth made his grin appear a little apologetic...

You... cough, I know it's your wife and this is not my place, but please do something about it!

I mean, we really didn't talk about Mr. -broadcast terms violation-, did we?

"That just shows how much they trust Desmond-sama."

――I'm feeling uneasy.

"Margaret, I know you like Desmond-kun, but can you get off him? Desmond-kun must be tired from the long journey."

Father-in-law looks more tired than that.

It seems he is having a lot of trouble with this wife.

"That's true..."

――ho.

I'm very sad to see that lump of motherhood leave me..... "Aa~h?"

I-I didn't hear anything just now! I didn't hear anything!

"Well, it can't be helped," said Margaret-sama as she stood up. "I wanted to check Charlotte-chan's mark a little more, but I never expected that you would not only fill the "vessel" but completely flood it. As expected, quite different from those who have been "enlightened" by the flow. It's no wonder I couldn't measure it. Rather than "till death do us part" meat , better speed things up and go for the "soul" bone ."

――Eh?

Mommy, what did you just say?

To be honest, I didn't know what that meant, but there were a few words I can't just dismiss it.......

"Desmond-sama" - Margaret-sama's large, emerald eyes, which look a lot like my beloved Charlotte's, peered into me.

"I entrust Charlotte-chan to you," she whispered into my ear.

"May the blessings of Eros be upon thee, the one who awakened our forgotten '██████ bloodline'."

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah..."

The sultry voice of a woman echoes through the luxurious inn.

Once our conversation with her parents is over, of course, we're going to have sex after!

Her large and alluring hips are raised as if demanding to mate, and I grab them tightly, kneading them as I spread them apart. Not only can I see the wet and sopping entrance, but also the cute little hole above it. With each satisfying slap and squish, her white and beautiful buttocks undulate in a tantalizing wave.

Her white, smooth backside arched, and the bed creaks beneath us.

――Ah, it's like my penis is melting...

Not just me, but she too is grinding her hips and slamming her butt against me in ecstasy.

"Haah, hah, aah..."

With each twist of her waist, her flesh grips and tightens around me, sending waves of indescribable pleasure through me. It's so overwhelming that it only makes me swell more. And Charlotte is fully aware of it.

Sweat drips down her smooth white back. Her wavy platinum-blonde hair is a sight to behold, and I can't resist licking her back and biting her neck sweetly.

"Haaa hiii! I'm gonna ovulate! If you keep fucking me like that, ahhhhh!"

Her vagina tightens and squeezes so tightly that I shudder in ecstasy, despite the fact that we're staying at an inn where her parents are also guests. Their daughter is this wild and out of control because of me.

――Gufufu.

"You're growing even bigger... Desmond-sama... haah... please... please rub there... push deep inside..."

Honey spurts out with each thrust, as her vaginal walls squeeze and her folds try to extract my seed.

*Squish, squish*

*Squeak, squeak*

Panting and moaning, the bed protests loudly against the obscene scene that we are making.

And so, the other girls entwined themselves around their beloved lord who was making love with his legal wife.

"Ahh... Master... Onee-sama...this is so unfair."

"Master, I don't want to be left alone."

The maid and bodyguard were naked.

I smiled faintly and stuck out my tongue.

The ladies flushed and came to lick on such a man's tongue. The three red tongues intertwined.

"Mm, chu,...*lick ..."

Oh..... my penis swells inside Charlotte's vagina... She wriggles her even more alluring butt to make me enjoy it more. Of course, she can feel my excitement.

Ah...

――I'm getting absorbed by her.....

"Ooooh!"

I grabbed her waist and ejaculated while still pounding deep inside her. It feels so good... she's sucking me in so strongly... oh...

"Hamu, chu" "*Chup, chup*..."

I moaned as the maid and the bodyguard licked my tongue while I ejaculated inside Charlotte. It was heaven. I sucked on both of their tongues while filling up Charlotte, who trembled uncontrollably. I tasted their lips and twisted my tongue inside their mouths, exchanging saliva.

"Aah, haan... As usual, Desmond-sama's ejaculation just won't stop... Haa, aahh..."

――Gufufu.

I continued to fondle Katherine and Ephemera's small breasts and played with their perky nipples. I kneaded them, rubbed them, slid my hand down their bellies to their butts, stroked their inner thighs, and finally reached their source of sweet honey.

"Ahhhhhh!"

"Hiiiaaann!"

As they clung to me, I became more heated and stirred their honey pots even more vigorously.

*Squelch, squelch*

*squish* *squish* *squish* *squish* *squish*

"Haah, ah, aaaaannn!"

"Aah, amazing, master, hiiiiii!"

The cold beauty of the maid and the fearless-looking face of the female bodyguard, gasped while clinging to me. White brims flutter on Katherine's reddish hair and Ephemera's white hair twinkled like a white butterfly.

Each of their flesh holes squeezed my fingers in a unique way. Charlotte's tight pussy squeezed and writhed over my rigid shaft as usual, and the aroma of female excitement filled the air.

Ah, this is the best...

Despite knowing that Charlotte's parents were also at this inn and that I was indulging in lascivious acts with her pregnant body, as well as with her accompanying maid and guard...

This lord's debauchery level has reached its peak.

However...

Even so, I cannot help but remember my mother-in-law's words. It was as if she suggested that there was some kind of f⬤rce between us - but then I asked Charlotte, and she said that Margaret-sama had not awakened to eroticism yet. If that were the case, it would be even more frightening.

Also, she said something absurd. The blood that Margaret-sama's daughter, my beloved wife Charlotte, has inherited...

...the blood of Ero elf [1].

Earlier, Margaret-sama said...

"May the blessings of Eros be upon thee, the one who awakened our forgotten 'Erofu bloodline'." [2]

She said.

Was that supposed to be a joke?

I mean, "Erofu" was that.....I mean... "Ero elf", right? It's a joke term, wasn't it? There's no way that could be an actual race name...

"It is."

Seriously?!

"That is why I could not be conceived without being drowned in the semen of someone who truly loves me, and who I truly loved. Still, it seems that I was among the toughest of the bunch..."

"――"

But...Wait a minute, how did Charlotte find out about that? If she knew from the beginning, she should have realized it wasn't her fault that she couldn't conceive, and Margaret-sama should have told her...

"It just came to me when ――using the words of the Desmond-sama's past world, It's when the lewd crest appeared.――Ah, but I don't know everything. I just...."

""Just know what I know."" [3]

""Yay!""

Now's not the time to play.

"My mother didn't teach me... Instead, she only..... said that she would not recommend the Swift family...That's probably why she didn't tell me...."

Ugh!

Even though they are supposed to be family, to not tell her despite the fact that it would be disadvantageous for the Terrace family if Charlotte couldn't conceive...

"My mother is that kind of person."

Scary... My mother-in-law is amazingly scary... I wonder if it's because Margaret-sama had such cruelty that my father-in-law took that attitude. Despite being a noble who sees women as "tools."

In that case, the rumored older sister seems to have inherited Margaret-sama's cruel side, and Charlotte inherited the cute side...

"Yaaan❤"

.....

Hey, Charlotte? You're not hiding anything from me, are you? Because it's you, I trust that it's for my own good, but――

"What a perceptive husband... *Cough*, no, there's nothing I hide from my dearest husband for now. I've already introduced you to Ephemera, and as for what I know about Ero elf, I've already told you.... if we can meet our beloved partner and form a bond strong enough for a mark to appear, we can use special abilities such as granting blessings or being able to communicate telepathically with each other... Simply put, it is an ability that allows you to live a more erotic life."

I feel like that's such a range of effects and power that it shouldn't be that simple.....

And you said "for now" didn't you?

But being a beloved husband, you have to let your beloved wife's mischievousness(?) side slide.

"Aah... (blushing)"

――Hmm, cute cute.

BUt I wonder if it's okay...

However, if there used to be such a species in this world that has now been lost. Putting aside the fact that their blood has been inherited by Margaret and Charlotte-chan ――I take it back, I can't really put it aside - I can't help but think that if that erotic race once existed in this world and there is no eros in this world now, they must have done something to cause eros to be lost from this world...

"I cannot access information to verify that."

Huh?!?

Is that true or is it just an excuse?

――No, I have a feeling that it might be true. While the telepathic communication with Charlotte-chan allows me to peer into her thoughts, I have started to sense her emotion little by little lately. Perhaps the time when two-way communication becomes possible is not far off.

At that time, I will uncover and thoroughly tease her in the way and the place where she would feel the most if Charlotte is touched there.

――Gufufu.

"... It's so exciting, I'm trembling right now❤"

It's me who's trembling!

We were just having that kind of exchange a little while ago.

Well, regardless of her origin or blood, Charlotte is my number one, and my desire to have more children with her remains unchanged.

"Ah, it seems that Desmond-sama really thinks that way...that's why we were able to connect, why my Ero elf blood awakening to this extent...hah..."

Although there is some concern about the increase in Ero elf lineage, it is insignificant compared to the desire I feel to have many children with her.

―― Huh?...wait, weren't there more important concerns we needed to address before that?

――What was it again?

Well, if I can't remember, then it's probably better to forget about it.

"Oh, that's right, Desu-ta-kun....about Piー" "haaan!"

I slammed my hips against her and Charlotte chirped in a very cute voice. I kept slamming my hips into her.

I knew it, Not recalling what I couldn't remember was the best.

I roughly thrust into her, not allowing Charlotte to protest, she cried out in pleasure.

"Is this what they call a domineering husband? Haa...it feels so good, I can't take it anymore...Ah, aaahh!"

Although she spoke cutely, I couldn't quite make out what she was trying to say. I continued to push myself against her, capturing her bouncing breasts in my hands.

As I penetrated deeper and deeper, Charlotte's vagina contracted tightly, bringing me more pleasure.

I wanted to keep going like this with Charlotte forever, but I knew it would be difficult to maintain both diplomatically and domestically.

"Master, if you want to treat us as your women, then it would be cruel not to give us your attention. This is maid abuse..."

Don't shiver with pleasure while saying that, Katherine!

"Well, I also think that this 'tool' should be properly polished."

Ephemera still feels stiff, but it's lovely and innocent. Though she's like a loyal guard and protector to me, this Ephemera had already been subjected to the corruption of the Erotic Faction when she was assigned to me. What faith. Although the danger of her being an assassin was gone, I wonder what kind of woman she was before?

It might be better not to know, but there was one thing for certain.

I'm sorry for my wife's behavior!

That's why...

With that, I grab her undulating hips and pound away at her relentlessly.

"Haa, ahh, aaaaahh! My pussy feels so good... aaahhh~!"

Even so,

I know that, for her, It's a reward.

I embrace both the maid and the guard, licking and rolling their nipples while slamming against my beloved wife's vagina. No matter what Charlotte really was, we will always remain the same.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Finally, the time has come...

It feels like it's been so long since we left the Aldora territory, but considering the distance to this land, it can't be helped. However, even though I was nervous, I was determined to confront the villainous lord, Charlotte's former husband who caused trouble for her and Earl Terrace. but I already feel like I'd been thoroughly caught off guard by my mother-in-law, who attacked me one after another, and then there's also Ero Elf thing.

I think it's just my imagination but...

――Um, you guys are on my side, right? I thought you'd help me ease my tension as I prepared myself for the social world, but the damage you all dealt to me is relatively high already.

――I don't understand. But, anyway

"Haah, ngh, nuuh... Desmond-sama, so hot...so hard inside my breasts... Ahh..."

Even inside the carriage on our way to the mansion, we were indulging in the act.

...I wonder if this's a bit much?

But, after seeing Charlotte wear such a red dress, with her shoulders and upper chest exposed and her ample cleavage emphasized, there was no way she wouldn't feel my horniness.

"Mm, ngh, nuuh, haa... Desmond-sama is so full of desire..."

――Unh, I'm so ready to bang her.

My rod plug entered Charlotte's valley from above, and the speed increased as she tightened. The pressure of her breasts was unbearable. Moreover, Charlotte not only squeezed and move it but also put her lips on the head and licked "chuupu, *lick*.... fuu...". It feels too good...

"Unn, chuupu, chupa.... chuu..." Katherine was sucking my tongue, using her tongue to wrap around mine and sliding her lips.

And Ephemera is now in charge of the breast cushion. They are small but well-shaped, with a soft texture. I pressed and twisted her large and plump nipples.

"Haah, master.... hah, aaaaaa.... It feels good..."

She makes such an outstanding female in heat face.

――Gufufu.

Our carriage is still filled with female voices and a sensual scent, making me dizzy with pleasure..."Ugh..."

"Ah, There's so much semen inside my breasts... My boobs are getting pregnant ❤ My breasts and stomach are all sticky ❤ Ahh, more..."

Marking and coating my wife's body with my scents before we arrive at her ex-husband's party, squeezing the breasts of his half-sister...

――I'm not looking for a fight or anything...

◇

"Desmond-sama, would you be so kind and escort me?"

"Ah, leave it to me," I said as we arrived at the mansion and took Charlotte's hand.

Don't run away, don't run away, I thought as I gently guided Charlotte by holding her hand.

The difficulty might be too high for me, but I had been bullied, scolded, and punished so much by Katherine that there was no reason why I couldn't do it at this point.

...Or so I thought.

That guy's mansion was huge. You could tell that just by the fact that the party venue was inside the mansion. Is this what they called bourgeoisie?

――vanquish them!

However, I am a nobleman and a lord, so I should be careful before I get caught in the fire myself.

I had expected to be treated disrespectfully as soon as I got out of the carriage, but they let us in without any trouble. I had been hoping to be turned away at the gate.

As we walked, I pretended to be calm while massaging Charlotte-chan's smooth, soft, slender, and pretty hand, so that my knees wouldn't tremble. If I did well, I wanted her to rub and massage me with those charming hands.

"I'll do it."

"Alright, victory shall be ours!"

I, Desmond, a blond, blue-eyed, with a sweet-boy face was silent and back straight, escorted my wife by holding her hand. Walking with me was Charlotte, a cute and lovely beauty with platinum blonde wavy hair and big emerald eyes in a red dress. Little did anyone know that we were communicating with our minds and saying inappropriate things.

With her by my side, I felt 100% confident.

No matter who came, I won't lose.

"Fufufu, you two really get along well."

Gah!

The demon lord has appeared!

I almost screamed.

"Even so, I don't think it's a good idea to call your wife's mother a demon lord in your mind."

――sorry.

Umm, not the Demon Lord. It was Margaret-sama, also known as Charlotte's mother. But still, she looked young and youthful as ever, almost like a sister to her 29-year-old daughter - or even younger sister.

Even if she wasn't a Demon Lord or Final Boss, she seemed something of similar status.

With her platinum blond wavy hair and large emerald eyes, she was like an overwhelming dynamite that could take on and crush the noble society where prejudicial busty breast worship flourished even without any eroticism. She wore a black dress that contrasted with Charlotte's own - wait, wasn't that the Demon Lord's signature color? - and it further enhanced her dynamite by raising it up, making her deep cleavage even more prominent. The ultimate strategic weapon, my mother-in-law.

Umm. It appears that dangerous goods have already been presented to this party.

――Ouch.

I'm sorry, Charlotte. I won't ever look at Margaret-sama's cleavage again, so please stop scratching me with your nails! I might get a scar that won't ever heal!

――Ow! The nails dug even deeper into my skin.

"Fufu, it seems like you two are really close."

Does it really seem that way? If that's how it looks, I'm happy about it. Well, I've left more marks on Charlotte than she has on me. In her vagina, in her uterus. And even now, inside her womb――

I was able to remove the fingernail that was eating into my skin...... hot. And with a troubled hand, she rubbed the wound. ――She's training me!

"Shall we go together?" Margaret-sama smiled. "James said he had something else to do and goes with out me. It's not like I care about the negotiations between the nobles, but you should escort me. Don't you think so, Desmond-sama?"

Oh, can a lady of the nobility say something like that?

But it can't help it, right?

After all, she's Margaret-sama.

Even though I fully agree with her, I don't want to let go of Charlotte's hand, even if it's just to participate in petty struggles for noble power.

That's what I'm thinking,

*grip*

Charlotte's fingers entwined with mine.

In a 【Lover's grip】

In front of my mother-in-law.

It's so obvious that we're all getting along so well. So let's show it off.

Accompanied by Margaret, who smiles at us with a warm look in her eyes, we step into the ballroom.

◇

*Murmurs....*

We are greeted by an atmosphere so tense it seems like our jaws might drop.

"That's the Terrace family's.... if that's the case, then that man must be...."

"Desmond...."

"The 《Heretic》...."

"Desmond-sama...."

*Murmurs....*

Ugh, the commotion is getting to be too much.

――I want to go home...!

"...The Terrace family's second daughter, when was the last time I saw her in a social setting? However, her appearance hasn't changed since eight years ago....! Next to her is the 《Witch of Terrace》. I know that those with prodigious magical prowess are said to experience an invigorating effect. But speaking of the eldest daughter, that family lineage was really.....!"

"I remember the house you just mentioned." (whispered)

"That's right, mother. If I remember correctly, the specialty over there is... (muttering)"

Ah! Ah! I can't hear anything! Amazing! It's so noisy that I can't hear anything! Even if she's not the Demon Lord, I shouldn't say anything disrespectful to the witch. After all, she must have...Hell Ears or something.

"Hmph, you're flaunting your chest for all to see. Are you so happy that you can use that "tool" so well? It's not even confirmed that you're pregnant."

"As expected, Lord Desmond likes big breasts...."

"What a combat power those breasts have, goddess!"

Who said that just now?! Raise your hand immediately! Why don't we start by becoming friends? But these breasts are mine, I won't let you touch them!

...Wait, that was just a breast fanatic, right? There's no more twist that they're a reincarnated person, right?

.....

But still, those noisy, sharp-eyed, conspiracy-loving aristocrats. They probably have dark hearts despite their brilliant gowns. My desire to go home is now sky-high. And since my father-in-law isn't here, I'm being sandwiched between two women, who are also my wife and my mother-in-law with their breasts pressing me from left and right...huh? Aren't these two the ones who are trying not to let me escape?

"I have no other intentions."

"Liar!"

――However.

As I thought, they won't come close to us, even if they were trying to create a commotion. It's like touching a sore spot, they will never actually touch it.

I wonder if this is how animals at the zoo cage feel....

"Would you like to try it sometime?"

"I respectfully decline."

"What a shame, Desmond-sama is not a rare beast, but your coc..."

"Charlotte, that's enough."

"If that's the case, if you wish me to get in as well... Ah... being locked together with a rutting beast inside a cage... ❤"

"But only if it's me!"

After that, I kept my mind focused on a distance to the point where my wife couldn't ramble on with my thought as much.

And then,

Ah!

Hey you! you over there!

You're obviously trying not to make eye contact with me, aren't you?!

And wasn't you my elder brother?..... Hmmm, I see...so that's the attitude. So it's okay if I don't have anything to do with you then, is that right?

That said,

If that guy doesn't show up due to stomach pain or something, and I can just enjoy being alone and pick up some food on the way home, then that's great...I can already hear Charlotte mocking me. But...

"Long time no see, Charlotte."

Yeah, that's not going to happen.....

And there, The one who appeared before us was none other than...

"Long time no see, Marquis Swift."

My beloved wife, Charlotte, performed a beautiful curtsy.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a courteous manner of a lady that could make one fall in love, but I couldn't help but think that she was actually giving him the middle finger as she was being so polite. I'm sure it wasn't just my imagination.

――I mean, instead of greeting me, you greeted Charlotte first.

Her ex-husband, Peter Swift, now Marquis Swift. The current leader of house Swift.

He had a cold demeanor, with his golden hair slicked back and blue eyes that matched his aristocratic appearance. He looked like the kind of person you wouldn't want to face head-on, The man certainly matched the image of a ruthless aristocrat who would do terrible things to Charlotte...I don't know what to think of this guy.......

"He's nothing like Desmond-sama."

What was I even thinking just now?

Before I could even form the words, Charlotte had taken the lead in the conversation.

Peter Swift's mind was filled with disdain.

He had called out to the woman who was nothing but a "tool" for nobles before he called out to him, and yet Desmond didn't even seem to mind. In other words, Desmond is a man who has only a pathetic amount of "pride"not even fit to be called a nobleman, let alone a man. Calling him third-rate is an overestimation.

But still, this man had impregnated Charlotte...

Peter glanced at Desmond from the corner of his eye, his contemptuous gaze resembling that of a teenage boy who couldn't bring himself to look directly at the object of his interest.

However, the fact remained that Desmond didn't object to him at the time since Charlotte and Peter were conversing. It was also partly due to Desmond's social anxiety, which made it difficult for him to enter the conversation or speak up. But if Desmond were to intervene...

'Oh, sorry. I didn't see you.'

He intended to respond with this line.

Desmond is a baron and Peter is a marquis. Given their noble titles, it can't be helped that he didn't notice Desmond, and he's already apologized with that sentence. If Desmond were to retaliate, it could be seen as disrespect on Desmond's part.

That was Peter's aim from the start, but Desmond avoided his trap, whether intentionally or not. However, that alone doesn't raise Desmond's evaluation.

If Peter wants to demonstrate his competence as a "noble", he should first join this conversation with Charlotte and make his presence known with decorum and respect.

If he can't do that, Desmond will inevitably be evaluated as incompetent, if not lowly, in aristocratic society.

It was all for the best.

Peter decided to lower Desmond's evaluation and convince himself that he was right.

"Charlotte, I'm glad that you're attending."

*grin*.

But it was not a happy expression by any means. It was the cold, heartless face of an aristocrat. However, it wasn't just him.

"I am honored too." Charlotte smiled.

Desmond knew her eyes were not smiling. That's why he had to desperately control his trembling next to his beloved wife.

"I am touched by your generosity in inviting someone like me to such a party and personally addressing me, Lord Swift."

――Excellent.

Charlotte pretended to compliment him, but her words were full of sarcasm and a warning. She knew her ex-husband's personality well. It was as if she was saying.

'Oh, please forgive me for not bearing your child, my gracious lord.'

As a man who values his dignity, he had no choice but to eat the poisoned words in front of the same nobles he had invited to his wedding.

She forced him to do so.

Next to her, her husband Desmond's inner thoughts are still rattling. He knew the blade would not turn toward him, but he could not help but be nervous as his beloved wife pointed a poisoned dagger at her ex-husband.

In front of his bated breath, the ex-husband answered,

"What are you talking about? You are a daughter of the prestigious Terrace family. There is no reason for me not to invite you."

Peter did not deny her words as an enemy would, but instead incorporated her family as the reason. It was as if there were no reasons for them to have a dispute in the past that would prevent her from being invited to the party.

Blithely.

"Aldora is so far away. I wondered what it would be like for you to marry into such a place."

His blue eyes reflect his ex-wife.

"Thank you for your concerned." Charlotte replied with a mask of a smile, making Desmond remain uneasy. "So, who did you invite this time?"

Desmond saw a vision of Charlotte swinging her sword down from above.

"It's been a long time since I've seen your face." Peter snorted. "Beautiful jewels should not just be kept in a box. It must be taken out from time to time to make it shine and fulfill its purpose."

Charlotte's temple twitched.

――This man...

In aristocratic society, women were seen as "tools" for giving birth to children and as "accessories" for men. Most adopt this idea, so Peter's words won't be an issue. But it's different for Desmond, as Peter is redirecting Charlotte's verbal attack toward him.

Desmond, who kept Charlotte, a "beautiful jewel", inside a "box" called Aldora, where she could not be used effectively.

That's what he was trying to tell Desmond.

However,

――If Charlotte was such a beautiful gem, wouldn't you want to keep her safe from theft rather than show her off?

Desmond pondered, he doesn't get it at all...

"-Puff! Desmond-sama, you're so off... I-I am doing my best, but... ufu! Please don't make me laugh, Desmond-sama... ❤"

"Huh, did I do something wrong!?"

"No, for you, it is all fine"

Charlotte said as she stood next to Desmond, puffing her chest, which was highly emphasized by her large, full bosom.

"Am I really like a shining jewel for you?"

"Of course," Desmond replied.

『――――』

After that, a stir went through the room.

"Um... Desmond-sama?" said Charlotte. "It makes me happy to hear you complement me so confidently, but..."

It was inappropriate. And,

――I'll make me get all wet❤.

"Sorry, I just," he said, looking at Charlotte's cleavage, "Because you're my jewel, I don't want to show it off so openly to other men..."

"..."

"Charlotte...?"

"I'm glad I brought a replacement for my panties."

"That bad!?"

It would be rude to suggest using a 【Clean】, It's more tasteful to change it.

Charlotte stopped puffing her chest out and leaned in closer to Desmond. Incidentally, on the other side, Margaret-sama dressed in a black dress, the color of the Demon Lord, continued to hold Desmond's arm between her cleavage while still wearing a soft and interesting expression.

――Ah, so freeing.

And then, Peter finally turned his eyes towards Desmond. As if he hadn't noticed the stone there before.

His blue eyes were shimmering with a dazzling cold flame,

――Crap!

Desmond thought, but it was already too late.

――He wanted to stay in the shadows like this... um, in this case, he had to speak something, right?

Feeling flustered and hindered by his social anxiety from joining the conversation between the two, Desmond couldn't speak up when Charlotte chats with Peter.

'Nothing is more unfortunate than to have a jewel, shining or not, in the hands of one who does not know how to handle it.'

As he was about to respond to Desmond with that line, Desmond proudly interrupted him and literally slapped him down, putting him on the spot.

"Charlotte's radiance is undeniable. Her beauty only increases day by day. It's beyond the realm of jewels."

The air in the venue stirred.

――Huh? Did I mess up something?

*Murmurs*.....

He did mess up. It was obvious to any nobleman present - even if Desmond himself hadn't realized it - that Peter was trying to denigrate Desmond by using Charlotte as an excuse. So Desmond first broke the tip of Peter's sword, and then later refuted his words.

In other words, he objected to Peter's evaluation of Charlotte, saying that it was beyond jewels. Depending on how one interprets his words, although it hasn't been officially recognized yet, Desmond did something that Peter cannot do.

――He impregnated Charlotte.

Considering that Desmond does not excel in the noble trickery arts, he had no idea what he was getting himself into, and in his haste, he merely wants to praise his wife.

Considering that, along with everything else, it was just Desmond's hasty and flustered compliment to his own wife, who was unable to excel in the noble arts, Peter's inability to understand the value of a tool was clear.

'Don't understand the value of "tool" you say? Oh, right, I guess you wouldn't since you never understood how to use them properly. I impregnated Charlotte, and you couldn't. I can easily do things that you cannot. There you go ――Pfft!'

He went all-out and started a fight.

Moreover, those words are still vague enough to allow for excuses. If someone read too deeply into them, they could be seen as a blade woven from words that utilized various sophisticated pieces and metaphors. From Peter's perspective, the sword that he swung with such gusto was evaded, and he was left reeling.

However, Desmond still didn't understand any of this.

"I am sorry. I am not used to this kind of situation. I hope you will forgive me for my slight misbehavior."

He bowed lightly.

*Murmurs*.....

He was a noble and a lord, the other party was of higher rank and had a larger territory. So it wouldn't have been strange for Desmond to bow his head, but in this case, he had not committed a blunder so evident that he had to bow.

The mentality of "if you think there's a problem, just apologize and bow your head" was activated by his panicked mind, thinking that it was okay to do so because he had a lower rank. But in this case, it was as if he was saying...

'Oh? Are you mad? Did I make you angry? Shorry~, I'll bow my head and apologize ☆. Would a benevolent person like you forgive me? Should I be punished? will you have my head? Or execute me??'

It was a clean neck that had been thoroughly washed with Charlotte's breasts every night before coming here (of course, also by Katherine and Ephemera, Peter's half-sister).

――A full-blown provocation.

"I can't believe that cowardly 《heretic》could be so bold... To act that way towards Swift... and such a headstrong response..."

"Fuwaahhhh... Desmond-sama..."

*Murmurs*....

"I've never seen such an aggressive apology before. That heretic is really......This is something that needs to be reconsidered..."

The bewildered and re-evaluating glances of the surrounding nobles are directed towards Desmond one after another. But still,

"Huh, wait, I don't get it, did I mess up something? Please tell me Charlotte... Charlotte?"

Desmond asks his beloved wife through telepathy,

"Ugu, huf, fu...! Desmond-sama, please don't talk to me right now. I-I'm not laughing, I'm trying my best... Ufu, are you trying to make me laugh to death or dehydrate me? Guh!"

After all, not only does he not understand, but the tone he gives her is of someone clinging to her for help, trusting her with all his heart...

"I'm getting soaked..."

"What are you talking about...!?"

In front of Desmond, Marquis Swift was visibly angry, with a bulging vein on his temple.

Desmond-sama was clueless.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hmm? What's going on here?

Just as the son-in-law was unknowingly stirring up a fight with the hateful pricks and the second daughter struggled to contain her laughter and wetting her crotch. Papa, who had informed Mama that he was negotiating something important and had finally arrived at Peter's location.

Here, gathered a dazzling group of nobles dressed in splendid attire.

However, few could equal his refined dandyism, which he emanated while clothed in an austere attire with subtle elegance. He is James Terrace, the current Earl Terrace, and Charlotte's father.

At a glance, it was clear who belonged to the Swift camp and who were the visitors - a precarious situation that the Swift displays its dominance, and other aristocrats are invited to join in the fun. Today, however, that is to be reversed.

But what is this situation?

It was oddly buzzing.

He thought it would be fine as long as Margaret was with him until he arrived, but he was nervous that Desmond, who was a social novice, would not receive the baptism of the aristocratic society well.

He wonders what this is all about.

But even so, it was not one of mockery. Rather, it was bewilderment and surprise, as if he was taking advantage of the situation.

And,

Daddy found his formidable wife *cough*, the Demon King, *cough* the Witch *cough* ―― Margaret, his mysterious wife. She clung to Desmond in a black dress that emphasized her cleavage.

Well, it can't be helped. It was his wife, after all.

On the other side of his arm was Charlotte, the second daughter, who confronted Peter Swift, her ex-husband, and Peter glared at Desmond with his temple veins bludging.

...... what is this chaos.

James was not as clueless as Desmond, but he was still puzzled.

What could have happened for the audience to be this agitated? The first thing that comes to his mind is his son-in-law must have done something. he hopes it's a good one for Terrace.......

James had a compelling reason for being late and pleaded earnestly to Margaret to prevent this from happening. However, despite being at the center, his wife not only did not serve as a buffer but also seemed to be eagerly immersed in the situation.

――As expected of that girl's mother.

Having already stalled one troublesome situation, the situation feels as if the center of power has already erupted into chaos as if some underhanded tactics were causing this.

James' stomach churned.

But since Margaret is watching over them with such an expression on her face, nothing unfavorable should have happened to us at least.

――he wants to believe that.

With that faith, Daddy headed over there to be another guardian for the time being.

◇

"Let's go to Swift's mansion!"

The one who was so fired up was none other than Teresa Terrace, the eldest daughter of the Terrace Earl family. She has brown skin, large emerald eyes, and platinum blonde hair were straight but very similar to her mother and sister.

She looked very much like her mother and sister. Of course, there was also a strong emphasis on her intense bust that seemed to almost burst out of her pure white dress.

Despite being 38 years old, her firm and glossy brown skin was so fresh and cute that she seemed like a teenage girl's skin, but her face was full of ambition, at most, she looked like she was in her mid-twenties. However, she appeared older than her mother and sister - perhaps because of the years she spent traversing battlefields with pride in her martial prowess, which automatically converted her youthful appearance from childhood to that of a young woman.

Nowadays, she is not only walking but literally flying around with her friend Schwarz, the Black Dragon, who has become her closest ally, making it impossible to keep up with her.

Upon learning of her younger sister Charlotte's pregnancy, her father became eager to take revenge on Peter Swift and, along with her sister and brother-in-law, crashed Peter's party. Upon hearing this, how could she not also feel motivated?

Even if her mother forgave him, there was no way her father would.

――he definitely wouldn't.

For Papa, this was finally a chance that had come unexpectedly. Indeed, with Teresa by his side, the things he feared would be significantly reduced. However, he had to ignore the fact that she herself was more than enough trouble already.

James is going to face the Swifts as a noble, not by force to subdue them. If that were possible, he would have done it already. How many times had he thought of doing so?

If Teresa were to make a suicide attack on the Swift. all of our struggles up until now would have been for nothing.

We can fight like noble people now, but if she rushes in without thinking, what was the point of all our hard work? Why did our family put up with the Swift for so long? How much did he have to spend on stomach medicine and healing magic to cope with the growing negative reputation and complaints against the <Platinum Knight> Order? Everything will be ruined.

Moreover, despite Teresa's youthful appearance in her mid-twenties, she is actually a thirty-eight-year-old (unmarried) lady. As the leader of a noble family, it would be inappropriate to bring her to social gatherings. Furthermore, her attire is similar to that of Margaret and Charlotte, except for the slight variation in the shade of white.

Normally, showing off one's breasts is rather encouraged as a symbol of fertility, but as a lady, the lower half of the body, from the belly down, should be concealed by a skirt that extends down to the feet to protect the child, as is moral for a lady.

Both Margaret and Charlotte, as noble daughters or princesses, hid their legs.

――However.

Teresa had, unbelievably, modified her dress.

It was a violation of a noble society.

Her pure white dress had been cut out at the front and back, revealing her beautiful, lascivious brown legs. It was more than just a slit. Her groin was fully visible. If one got closer, one could even see the slit itself, not to mention the puffy cameltoe.

It wasn't shorts, but a leotard similar to her knight's outfit, and from the back, her captivating buttocks were almost completely exposed.

One should consider the feelings of a father who had to stop his 38-year-old unmarried daughter from attending social events. And Teresa was even planning to bring some of the beautiful girls from the Platinum Knights ――in other words, runaway girls of respectable status who would have been invited to this event in formal and proper attire.

And, moreover, a dragon.......

Even if we beat Swift, it would still be our loss. we might make enemies of the noble families who had their daughters taken away, and even with the "power" from the dragon, Teresa, and Randolph from the son-in-law's side might not be enough. Moreover, they heard again from their son-in-law and daughter about the current situation of "Aldora".

.....The country is changing. Or perhaps also the church.

"Teresa, the venue has been changed,"

Papa was doing everything in his power to negotiate.

――with his eldest daughter(noble).

――because he found out that his wife had told his oldest daughter before telling him.

If the Platinum Knights had stayed put and the dragons had remained calm, it would have just been a conflict between nobles. But...

"Hah, that location, I can see the trap he's setting up from miles away."

Said Teresa, her buttocks and groin area in full view.

"I expected to see him show the determination to face us in his own mansion," she added.

She snorts, and Papa somehow managed to lead her to the party venue he had prepared separately.

"Yes, I will make another preparation"

"Fuhaha, I'm itching for a fight!"

Leaving her laughing hysterically, James headed for Peter's venue with his stomach in knots.

"Master, here is your medicine,"

James receives the medicine from the head maid who serves him inside the carriage.

"Thank you, you are a great help as always."

"There is no need."

She bowed her head. Although she looked her age, her face bore a striking resemblance to Katherine's.

◇

I really wanted to see that!

That's probably James' honest thought when put in Desmond's style of words.

He joined the Peter Party and heard the story from his wife―― Well done, son-in-law! She was clinging to him with the beautiful pair of fruits sandwiched between his arms. Maybe our eldest daughter missed out on the best part. And if Margaret had still been clinging to Desmond like this, he won't be able to tell her.

If that is the case,

"I wish I could have shown it to Teresa-chan too."

"Stop it, my stomach can't handle any more of this,"

"Oh, it's just a joke,"

Their connection was not as strong as the mental communication between their daughter and son-in-law. Margaret could not read James' mind, and their telepathy required mutual consent (mostly Margaret's). They could talk without using magic or being detected by 【Magic Sense】, but the link is mainly opened only when Margaret connects them.

However, James was recognized as a companion by Margaret herself, the one that has Ero Elf's blood, and under pressure, he worked hard and poured his energy (even with lotion) and somehow managed to impregnate her and make two daughters, and received 〈Ero Elf's blessing〉.

However, the strength of their bond is limited to "blood".

The strength of the contract becomes stronger in the order of "blood," "flesh," and "bone".

By the way, the strength of the contract between Desmond and Charlotte is "flesh."

――That's it.

James sighs inwardly, but he is impressed by his son-in-law's skill. The way Desmond's eyes swim around as if he is a little confused makes him seem like a chicken, but he never thought he was faking it all along.

Being a nobleman, maintaining appearances is quite obligatory, however, as a baron, it is not strictly necessary. Pretending to be weak is pushing the limit, but he seizes the opportunity to strike when his opponent was caught off guard.

――《The Damwead Heretics 》....A sleeping dragon, he must have been hiding his true power until now. Although he is his son-in-law, he is a frightening man.

But if he is on our side, we can count on him. James could not help but feel the corners of his mouth loosening as he looked into the eyes of the hateful bastard, who was desperately trying to push away his anger in the face of him.

It was similar to Charlotte, who was holding back her laughter, and Katherine who was holding her cheeks in the hallway.

However, when he sees Earl James Terrace, Peter seems to come back to his senses.

"It would have been better if you had come a little later."

"If I had shown up any later, wouldn't there have been a bloodbath? "

".................."

Is it appropriate to take the silence in "The Witch of Terrace" as affirmation? However, the Red-haired Daddy had to stifle what he wanted to say.

"Oh, "

"Isn't this Earl Terrace? Are you well?" asked Peter calmly.

"Yes, thanks to you. And how are you feeling, Marquis Swift?"

James's cheeks seemed to lift.

Be patience.

"Of course."

He was still so brazen.

As a matter of fact, with Charlotte pregnant, he could no longer put on a big face, but how could he afford to remain arrogant now?

Peter finally looked around arrogantly, as if all his previous anger had been a lie, now that the actors were finally gathered.

"Charlotte, I heard a rumor that you're pregnant. May I confirm it?"

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Huh?

What is this guy talking about...?

Peter, Charlotte's ex-husband, unbelievably asked to confirm whether Charlotte is really pregnant or not.

It's obvious that she is pregnant. Why would she lie about something like that? Moreover, confirm it in a place like this......?

――Well, this is a world of magic. Moreover, the child in Charlotte's womb is our child. Peter should be able to sense the magical power of our offspring.

Charlotte glanced at me with her big, emerald eyes. We can communicate telepathically. So, this means that there must be a reason why she is looking at me.

――Ah, A nobleman's trick. Fufufu, I, being a part of the nobility, understand that much. However, I don't know what you want to say!

Peter followed Charlotte's gaze and locked eyes with me.

"Uho."

"Please stop, Charlotte-sama. I'll do anything you want."

"Anything, you say!"

"..................in my limit."

Charlotte is supposed to be the one who is getting in trouble, but oh well, I'm relieved to see my precious and beloved wife so calm.

"Because I believe in Desmond-sama."

――I'm embarrassed.

"It's payback for making me feel embarrassed."

But that's the truth...

"Oh my..."

As I admired, Charlotte-chan blushing through our telepathic connection."

And you are?"

Oops, Peter spoke up.

Wait, is he still a little angry?

――Could it be that I should have been the one to speak up?

I really don't want to be remembered, and I don't want to talk to him,

'What is your name?'

Was that the case? He tried to build up our interactions with others, claiming to forget my name due to respect for my position?

"Desmond-sama is so sly... (puh)"

"That's not true! I don't have that kind of talent or social skills! Plus, That's just too devious and antagonistic!"

"It's too late for that now."

"...Eh...?"

Well then, "I am Baron Desmond Damwead, Lord of Aldora." I greet the Marquis of Swift.

"That's why it's too late."

"Shut up!"

"Is that so, you..."

Indeed, I had a feeling that there was too late. But aren't you being a bit too obvious? Still, as an adult, I lightly smiled, using my blonde-haired, blue-eyed, sweet noble face.

*Glittering*...

"How condescending."

"...... my heart is racing......"

"What incredible courage and confidence...'D'ragon..."

"(Kuh, how long has it been since I had to hold back my laughter this much...)"

Oh, Papa's shoulders are shaking!

"I guess I was wrong about you being that kind of person........" Peter said.

Wait, what?

I'm only a pervert man, I have no idea what you great people are thinking.

"I love the pervert Desmond-sama more than any of the great men."

"Thank you."

"You're welcome."

If Charlotte-chan keeps interjecting like this, I might start to relax. Battlefield? What was that thing again?

"But if you are such a person, then it is understandable that this nonsense rumor was spread." Peter looked at me, then at Charlotte.

"Rumors such as Charlotte being pregnant."

What ――?

He, the man who couldn't impregnate Charlotte, didn't hide the contempt in his eyes.

"There are some terrible people out there. Saying that a woman who can't conceive now got pregnant, how can they do such a thing..." He looked at Charlotte with a pitying gaze, "But I must commend them for their courage. It seems that those who spread the rumors are planning to pick a fight with this Swift family - or perhaps with our faction."

――*chuckle chuckle.*

guffaw leaked from somewhere.

――*chuckle chuckle, chuckle chuckle*――

Until a moment ago, for some reason, there was an oddly uneasy feel in this venue, but when he spoke with righteous indignation and a haughty attitude, the ripples of laughter followed him.

It was a very unpleasant thing, and he seemed to be showing that it was his own power――it was like throwing a stone into a lake and watching the ripples spread――at the Peter Theater.

"What recklessness."

He says in a quiet voice.

"It seems they don't know their place, and they're ignorant, reckless, and heartless, using a woman who couldn't conceive as an excuse."

Hey, that's for me to react, right?

But of course, I'm not in the mood to throw that back at him.

"You probably think so too, Charlotte and Desmond. Our enemies seem to be trying to tear us apart, Earl Terrace." He gave a cold glance to Papa―― I'd like to commend him for not undermining me at every turn. Even it is one-sided.

He turns his attention back to us.

"Charlotte and Desmond."

Don't use that weird way of referring to us. And you don't have the right to call me by my name. But I think there's also a part of you that doesn't want to call me Baron.

"Let's settle the uncertain rumors once and for all," he said, looking at me with his blue eyes.

It was a terrifying gaze that didn't betray any hint of warmth. He asked if it was alright to touch Charlotte's belly. He said he would check if she was really pregnant.

How arrogant and insulting.

He used to be Charlotte's husband, so why would he say such a cruel thing? It's impossible to even consider making such an offer. I was about to refuse, but...

"It's alright, Desmond-sama."

"Charlotte..."

"That was to be expected."

What does she mean by that?

Certainly, unlike me, Charlotte is talented and would have foreseen that this situation could happen. That's why, to be honest, I was feeling nervous and not thinking too much about what was going to be said or done. Other than that one time, my "chicken instinct" hadn't reacted, so I thought everything would be fine and continued on.

Even in dealing with aristocrats, we had Charlotte-chan, the cheat sheet, if things went wrong.

――But let's leave that aside.

I nodded.

Then Peter put his hand on Charlotte's stomach,

――"She's not pregnant."

Oh....... a resounding groan from all around.

Peter cowered his shoulders and removed his hand from Charlotte's stomach. As if he had touched something foul. If I hadn't foreseen it, and if Charlotte hadn't caught my clenched fist, I would have punched him.

If I hit him, I would be in the wrong. It's the same in another world. I'm a baron and the other guy is a marquis, hitting him with a fist could be seen as beating him repeatedly.

I can't hit him.

However, no matter how much he insists that there is no one inside, there is no way to change the fact that there is someone there. No matter how much he tries to argue, what is to be born will be born. There is no way to overturn that.

So, I will just ignore this argument...

"It seems you have something you want to say. Do you think I'm lying?"

His blue eyes gaze at me, at us, and it's true. I'm just stunned, he speaks in such an arrogant tone, as if he's the main character, and all the others are supporting roles to enhance his own."

If that's the case, why don't you ask someone else to check it for you?"

"――!"

"――――Stop it! Desmond-sama!"

I stopped instantly.

And then, I quickly looked at "they" in my vision.

Residents of the aristocratic society, swirling with intrigue and scheming. Moreover, they are the ones who were chosen by Marquis Swift to be here today. His confidants. That is to say, it's not about blood - of course, there are probably some intermarriage relations here and there - it's about "faction".

These are people who try to outsmart each other, holding hands with each other in the muddy waters of the aristocratic society. Just a moment ago, they were even showing a willingness to use me, an enemy, as an ally if I am useful to them.

The fact that Charlotte is pregnant is a fact. And if it is confirmed, Peter's disgrace will be exposed. However, if these people...

Crossing a red light together is fine!

When power and majority rule are combined, red looks green and green looks red!

What a joke ......!

No, even so, there's no way to deny that Charlotte is pregnant. And even if they are their own faction, there should be a faction of the Terrace family――or so I thought? They may not have been invited to this place, but if they were, they would be countered in the same way.

――These guys are idiots, aren't they?

Or ―― are they trying to bait me?

Waiting for me to hit them.

I may be a chicken, but when it comes to Charlotte, I can't help but get fired up. I might even punch someone for her sake.

"――"

I can't help but look at her when she starts fidgeting.

Seriously though, why are these guys so juvenile and resorting to such measures? Don't they have anything better to do?

I had no idea when they send "Ephemera" after me, but the journey has been peaceful. Thanks to that, I've had plenty of time to have some intimate moments with Charlotte. Ahem. Also, thinking of interfering with my pride and joy, my second wife and capable government official Liz's territory management.... that might be too difficult. Even invading our territory would be hard since old man is there...

What? They're actually pretty cornered...? And him, too.

Even though they're in the same faction... as nobles, Peter must have paid a pretty penny, huh? That's the only explanation.

"Our perceptive lord is hard to deal with."

It would have been nice if Charlotte could have responded, but...

"Hmmm, so proud of Liz I see."

"What? Charlotte is becoming more jealous since Mama's incident!"

"Of course I'm proud of Charlotte. She's my precious, precious, precious wife."

"................... ――gufufu"

"!?"

―― Speaking of which, Charlotte, are you fine? If so, then say something...

I was being naïve and foolish for thinking that way.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And then, I felt the hair on the back of my neck stand on end.

To confirm that Charlotte is really pregnant?

With that purpose, they decided to form a consensus and falsely accuse her.

Is this really something that nobles would do? They really had no other options and had to resort to such extreme measures as staging this false accusation at Peter's place, would it be enough to simply insist that Charlotte is not pregnant?

――No, it couldn't be that simple. If one could just touch Charlotte's stomach, they'd be able to tell if she was pregnant or not.

How stupid and naive I was.

As nobles, they would use any ruthless means necessary to maintain their status as nobles.

They would pretend to touch her belly to confirm their suspicions, and use some drastic measure that likely hurting not only the child in her womb, but also Charlotte herself.

I clenched my fist without even realizing it

Peter then will act as a hero and took matters into his own hands.

This Peter Drama Theater was nothing more than a farce. If they were going to put on such a show, I would want my money back and more. Unfortunately, everyone involved, from the cast to the audience, was nothing more than a bunch of fakes. It may have cost a lot of money to manipulate the situation to that extent, but...

――It was too scheme, too much of a noble underworld scheming...

No, we can't accept that!

We may be at a disadvantage here, but this damn con artist will undoubtedly pressure us. The fact that Charlotte is pregnant is still true, and my reputation doesn't matter to me. Besides, they can only hold the upper hand for as long as the truth remains hidden!

"Still, Charlotte is really pregnant!"

Even I'm used to being looked at with contempt! But that's the truth――

"What's wrong? Can't do it? Then it was just a nonsense rumor after all."

What nonsense. The hateful bastard's nose was a little puffed up.

I want to punch that face...

"And you all that also swayed by this stupid rumor. If you acknowledge it here, even you, a pitiful one can join our prestigious faction, my faction――"

He looks around at the surrounding nobles. They are like the "standard" model of nobles, draped in splendor and authority, displaying their wealth and status. He flaunts the fact that this is his "power".

"You may even be forgiven and welcomed into our faction. So that you may be able to finally relax. Then can take a concubine or some, have a child, and raise them peacefully."

No way,

'Declare that Charlotte is not pregnant here. If you do, I'll forgive you and let you join our faction and even allow you to take a concubine. Charlotte's child will also be raised as a concubine's child. I won't even send even more assassins.'

――I think that's what he is saying.

No, that's one hundred percent what he was saying.

Intimidation by numbers and suggestions of assassination, along with dangling the prospect of benefits. But if I join his faction, they will also benefit from the Terrace Earl's wealth.

Furthermore, while they would be allowed to raise Charlotte's child, if we accept it, we will undoubtedly receive a concubine that is under their control. Then, even if the child is supposed to be ours, it will be treated as a puppet by them.

Don't be ridiculous, there's no way we accept that!

However, they think that they can get away with it if it's me.

I am a coward who fled with my tail between my legs during my first battle, and I am an oddball without the pride of a nobleman.

Charlotte is the second daughter of the prestigious noble Terrace family, even if she is considered a "tool" of the family. Aldora territory is operated by Liz, so there is no loophole for the attack. Therefore, it is not strange that I become the attacking point.

Fortunately for them, Randolph Steiner, also known as the "Gray Hound," is not here. Even if they cannot attack me in Aldora, outside, it is different. At least until I return.

Even if I am a chicken, as the lord of the territory, I have the right to make decisions, and I am the "owner" of Charlotte.

I want to settle things before I return to Aldora...

... These guys are underestimating me too much.

"Yes, they thought you would have at least some courage, but well, after being pushed to that extent, they think you probably couldn't help but try to push back. And although hitting was out of the question, not talking back made them think you are really a chicken.

But, all of this is because Desmond-sama came here."

"Hmm?"

――What do you mean? Charlotte-chan?

"That's right. You shouldn't have come here in the first place... Especially since I got pregnant. you should have counted on my father's faction, Earl Terrace faction, instead. But even though you dragged your feet, you hurried here as much as possible. He was scared, but he still managed to come, so they thought, 'Why don't we let him join for a bit?' even if you'd be seen as the lowest member of the group."

Speaking like Yankee in her thirties. Um, cute. Let's do it next in bed.

I mean....

...... Let's see...

"If that was the case, you should have told me earlier! I wouldn't have come all the way here!"

"I'm sorry, but if I hadn't done that, they would have kept pestering us like a pesky bug. And I wanted to show these guys that I was...... impregnated by Desmond-sama."

Oh, she's blushing... how cute.

"By the way, we had been communicating through letters, but Father was worried about which side Desmond-sama would choose. It was a needless concern."

"Let's stop worrying your Father about it, okay?"

It hasn't been long since we reunited, but it seems like he has been struggling quite a bit. Especially with Mother-in-law!

"And by the way, it was also Mother who allowed Desmond-sama to come here and came up with a plan for us to infiltrate on our own.."

――I don't even want to say anything anymore.

However, I was able to learn the hidden intentions that I didn't know about during the actual performance. I am no longer comfortable with the idea of allowing these nobles to touch my precious Charlotte's stomach, not knowing what they might do. Besides, these guys are bound to say "She's not pregnant" anyway.

That would be such a cruel thing to do to Charlotte, even if she want to show that she was pregnant. I cannot allow her to be hurt. And it is dangerous in the first place. So I...

"But I refuse."

A.....

"I don't mind,"

"――Eh?" I look at Charlotte-chan with my mind's eye. She was smiling softly.

"Don't worry about it, Desmond-sama. As someone who has awakened, and with our child, there is no one here who can harm us. We are beyond their rules now.

All Desmond-sama has to do is to declare, "Charlotte is pregnant," and everyone will reconsider your status. It will also reveal Peter's intentions. From there, their camp will begin to crumble. It will plant a thought that 'It's better to side with the Terrace than with the Swift'. That's the most obvious conclusion they'd make. It's just unfortunate that most nobles - at least those who are here - are like that."

"No, that's not the point,"

I am worried about Charlotte.

"It's alright, This is my battle, the battle of the wicked nobility. Desmond-sama only needs to trust me."

".................." That's all reason Charlotte could afford, it seems. She trusts me, she trusts me to let her do her best.

...

In the end, she is a "strong" person.

That's why she can endure the Swift family she married into before, and even in Aldora until I regained my past life memories. And now she's trying to endure it again.

She can do it. But, that doesn't mean she should.......

Separating from me, she remained silent in my mind,

Charlotte took a step forward and confronted her former husband.

With her wavy platinum blonde hair and large emerald eyes that reflect him straight on, despite being already 29 years old, she only looks like she's in her twenties. Her already large breasts are emphasized by the red dress that stretches by her dynamite chest.

My wife, a "strong" woman, the pride of mine.

The gaze makes his temples twitch with displeasure.

The nobles around her are quiet but seem surprised by Charlotte's willingness to resist. When she stand in front of Peter's stage, she opened her mouth,

"Hyaann!"

―― a sexual cry escaped her.

"You, what are you doing......?"

Peter looked at her with eyes that conveyed more confusion than anger. The other nobles were the same. Papa too. But Mama.....

"Ara ara...oh my....."

And her daughter,

"Oh... Desmond-sama... what are you... nnuh...!"

*Rubbing, rubbing...*

Yes, I caught little Charlotte from behind as she tried to fight alone without me, hugged her, squeezed her breasts, and fondled her belly while I rubbed my cheek against her cheek. I press my hips against her ample ass and remind her body of my presence as she tries to do something stupid.

"Aaaa......." she shudders. With a squeezing motion, I reshape her juicy flesh with my hands and let my magic flow from my palms into her womb.

"Nngh, nn....... oh....... please stop....... hynnnnn!"

She responded to my touch by undulating her hips and grinding her ass against me. Unconsciously? The blushing cheeks were probably Charlotte's way of showing off her submissive expression as she was being manhandled by me, to Peter.

Her soft hair touches me. The warmth of her body, the feel of her sweet body.

Naturally, I get an erection.

"Oh......" I rubbed it against Charlotte's ass as hard as I could.

Then I whisper in Charlotte's, the twenty-nine-year-old who tried to do this selfish thing, in her ear.

"Charlotte, are you underestimating me?" Not just them, but you too.

I ran my tongue over her ear.

"Aah, you're licking me, Dejumon-shama... Nn, yaa... No, it's too much, this is embarrassing... Everyone can see us..."

"It's okay, no one knows what I'm doing to you. The only thing they'll know is that you're mine," I pinched her nipples over her dress.

"Hahiiiii!"

Charlotte trembled in my arms.

"A-au..."

I felt a tugging, and then she relaxed. I continued to hold her in my arms.

I was worried that she might awaken to something new by being played with in public like this, but I was so angry with my beloved wife that I couldn't afford to think about such a thing.

"Hhh!" I press down on her stiffened nub and grip her big breasts hard. "......Ah, dejumondshamaa......"

"Charlotte, you have no idea how much I care about you and love you."

"Ngh, ngh......."

"'This is my battle'? What nonsense."

Pouring magic power from my hand on her stomach. I've been with her many, many times. I know where her womb is and where the weak spot is. I also give her buttocks a nice bump with my cock.

It's like we are having sex in public.

"I'm being-I'm being violated!...... Even if everyone doesn't understand, I'm being ravished in front of them, in front of everyone........ please stop! Dejumonhama~!"

"I'm sorry, but I can't do that. You're just a woman, but you seem to have forgotten your position. You are my tool. I will not allow you to talk back to me. You must be punished for my anger, even if it is embarrassing or in front of everyone. I will make you realize, Charlotte, that you are a tool for me to make love, to take you as much as I want, and to protect you."

"Huh, ah! That-that's not a being a "tool"... mean, Nnnnn! "

"No, you're a "tool". And I'm the owner. Not only your body but also your soul. It's true that this fate and this battle belong to you. But if you are mine, then all of that is also mine. Don't try to act anything rash on your own!"

I pulled her close and she jerked and shivered again.

I not only caress her with my hands, but I also pour my feelings into her with all my heart.

"Fiiii... It's no good, I'm supposed to be fighting... Mm, ngh! It feels too good, I'm so happy... I was really scared... but I can't trouble Dejumon-shama..."

"So I guess you were scared after all. It's more troubling if you don't tell me."

"Huh...? No way, just now.... did I just send my thoughts to Dejumon-sama? I-I always so careful not to convey it to you. ..."

"I see, then I guess you've come to the realization that you're all mine.

"Aaaah! Ahhhh! It's embarrassing, so embarrassing... To let you know how much I love you, all of it, everything..."

"Yeah, I got the message loud and clear. But I love you even more."

I can't browse through her memories like she did. However, her worries, fears, and feelings for me come across so clearly.

"Yaaaaah! Stoooop... tell you with my mouth is already no good, but when my feelings spill out like this..."

"I see, so this is mutual love... An infinite loop of love."

"Haaauuuu... Not just my panties, my skirt is now all wet... I just spilled some on the floor..."

"I can't have that, not even a single drop of honey will be wasted to the floor."

"Ah, such possessiveness..."

And I say it again in Charlotte's ear.

No, I change my mind, I say it out loud so everyone in this hall can hear it.

"Charlotte is pregnant. I impregnated her!"

...

And in the quiet hall,

"Ah, hoo..." Charlotte's cute and erotic voice leaked out. I covered her mouth immediately. Her adorable tongue came out and began to lick me, but I let her do as she pleased.

"*lick* *lick* *schrup* *schrup*"

My beloved wife, a distressed twenty-nine year old is licking my palms - oooh, I'm getting licked all over. And I am looking straight at her former husband.

Golden hair and blue eyes.

The harsh face is strangely cold.

Even if it's not someone I want to stare at for too long, I can't just back down.

I stare defiantly,

"So, there's no need to confirm anything."

His temples twitch.

"Let's stop with the hassle. If beating around the bush is the way of nobles, then screw that. Who do you think I am? I am 'Desmond,' the heretic of Damwead."

I take out gloves from my pocket with the hand that Charlotte-chan hasn't licked. Seriously, how long is this horny wife going to keep licking me?

You need to get your head out of the clouds. I can't even catch my breath right now. ――"Fuuu!" She chirped.

"――I hereby declare a duel."

I throw my glove.

Toward his face.

"If you win, I'll accept your claim. But if I win, you must acknowledge that Charlotte was conceived. Then you will apologize for your disrespect to her. For the rudeness you showed to my Charlotte."

"Fuooo..." My wife, who is licking my hand, twitches again. I hear the sound of something wet dropping. Seriously, I said I wouldn't even give it to the floor.

*Splashing* *Splashing* *Splashing* *Splashing*

Hmm, hmmm, I can't hear anything.

And then...

That damn bastard says..

"You ignorant low-life."

◇

――Fuhahaha! There's a sign of battle starting. Let's go! To the real venue!

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The feeling is like flower petals gently blooming and wrapping around her body, fluffy and dreamlike.

"Ah...ahh..."

Charlotte trembles at the sensation of his touch still lingering on her skin.

She really should have been the one standing there.

――But of course, it'll not be as intense.

In the direction she stared with her droopy eyes, there was her beloved.

There, was a circle.

A circle was formed in the middle of the venue.

Luxurious tables with delicious food and rich wine, and aristocrats dressed extravagantly to flaunt their wealth. All of that was for a "stage" where the two men stood.

He has a gentle face that some people might say is "pathetic".

It is not only his outward appearance but also his inner self.

Yes, he was cowardly.

Yet, for the sake of his beloved, he was standing there.

And before that, he had carved that anger into her body.

"Fuan...❤――Sthop, sthop oh...❤"

Charlotte cannot suppress the surge that overflows from her crotch. Her breasts tremble, almost spilling out, as she shudders uncontrollably.

She has always loved stories, especially those of prince and princesses. Although she is not necessarily in such a position, no matter what her status is, when there is a hero and heroine then it's all the same for her.

He stands for her, even though she had intended to do so for him...

"... fwa... yaaa~ahhh... ❤" Charlotte-chan, who has met her dream prince, cannot help but writhe in ecstasy without minding anyone else's gaze.

It was impossible for her not to be smitten by this situation.

Even though she should be worrying about him. From what she remembers, she knows he is "strong", but there is no denying he is also a coward. She should not be causing him such trouble. Yet, when she thinks he stands for her...

――Why do I still have underwear on now...?

"Oh no! This 29-year-old is trying to take off her underwear at the party!"

Desmond must settle this quickly.

／

Peter receives a sword from an elderly butler.

With a serious and harsh-looking face, and somewhat oily.

Peter accepts the sword with reverence and sheaths it at his waist.

The butler then tries to hand another sword to Desmond.

"I apologize, but I cannot use a sword. I—"

At that moment,

"Oh, he says he doesn't even need a sword to fight him? What confidence."

――Who is that? Who is that guy trying to stir things up!?

Desmond inadvertently waves his hand in his minds

No, no, it's not like that.

"Hoho, with the bare hands you say..."

――I said that's not it!

When he turned to look, he saw that Peter's temple throb visibly.

...

Desmond decided to take it positively - if it made Peter lose his composure, then that was fine.

Positive thinking.

However, assuming that the sword in Peter's hand had been coated with poison and the sword given to Desmond was made brittle, then the situation was not only positive thinking, it was a wise move.

A true noble should always maintain elegance,

even if things behind the scenes are in chaos.

Winning is winning, maintain your elegance even though many went unnoticed.

Peter exemplified the cynical aristocracy.

"I will cut down your arrogance with my sword," he said.

An immense threat.

The battle of the nobles had already begun.

"Set up the barrier!"

In response to Peter's commanding voice, his faction created barriers. They complemented each other's barriers, forming a shield to protect themselves. They put all their effort into it because it was for their own safety. In addition, it is a follow-up to show that Peter-sama's magic has that much power.

――With this, he could kill Desmond without any hesitation.

He would make Desmond pay with his life for all the disrespect he had shown.

Peter held up his sword against him, unarmed.

Desmond, on the other hand,

"Nut even put up a guard..." "...What a natural posture..." "W-waa... I'm in love~..."

Charlotte's proper appearance had been completely ruined.

――I need to do something about that girl soon...!

He surprisingly remained calm. That was because, despite everything, his "chicken sense" wasn't activating. Nevertheless...even if it hadn't been, he was still a little nervous.

――...Huh? Strangely, I'm not scared?... Well, I suppose it's natural that he's not that scary compared to that geezer, but even compared to the monsters I fought in Aldora...

"Finish him with one punch, one punch!"

He receives Charlotte's encouragement through telepathy.

Yes, surely, Desmond is strong. He will betray the expectations of the nobles and show them what he can do. But....

"Hmph, there's no way someone who has never been on the battlefield can win."

When he heard the voices of the audience, Desmond thought to himself

――Wait?! If I win too easily here, will I be drafted again?

◇

I know that there is no way I, a nobody, can beat him in a social fight, but I thought I could still do it if it was a one-on-one, face-to-face fight.

――But it's still scary.

A man who does not put up a fight at this point will be disgraced.

And I can't afford to lose.

But... I must not win too easily! Because if I'm perceived as strong in any way, there was a possibility that I might be sent to the battlefield again. I realized that.

"Let's start."

The hateful bastard said.

――Wait!

Let us start over!

I raised my hand to make him wait, but...

"First, I'll take that arm."

【Ice Sword】

"Oh, I never thought I'd see that one here. The magic blade that has become famous for its use by Swift on the battlefield. A coward who hasn't fought in a battle wouldn't stand a chance against it."

He aims at my outstretched arm.

"――It's neither magic nor swordsmanship, but a combination of the two. That sword can slice through anything, and anyone hit by it will be frozen in time, without realizing they've been cut."

I don't know who said it but thank you for the explanation that's too long to fit in this moment.

"I believe in you, Desmond-kun..."

And Papa, why do you act like a damsel in distress? Also, your daughter's face is no longer of a maiden but a face of a lewd woman, something has gone wrong here!

――If my arm is cut off, I won't be able to pat or hug Charlotte-chan, or even touch her breasts!

"Wait! Noooooo! Deshumon-shamaaa!" ―― Charlotte, isn't it a little too late?

The scream of the wife who is now worried about her current husband rang out...

Hmph.

I could have sworn I saw the ex-husband's cheeks lift up.

――*slash*！

"Wha..."

His blue eyes widened in shock.

Instead of my arm that was supposed to fly in the air.

It was his sword.

In the form of glittering shards of ice and metal.

It was like a flower.

"Oh..."

"Beautiful..."

The audience was impressed. But...

"Are you mocking me?"

I decided to say,

"You thought too little of me by using such a terrible sword to attack me."

――Please! Play along!

A storm of agitation raged in my heart.

It's not that I beat you with my skills, your sword quality was just bad.

Please make it look that way!

I don't intend to lose to you, but I want to win by shaming you with my beginner's Luck! I don't want to be considered a force to be reckoned with, and I don't want to be called up to the battlefield!

"If that's the case, isn't this the perfect opportunity? Break his dull sword and punch Peter in the face while he's vulnerable..."

――Huh?! (shocked)

But, without the present...

"――Hmph, you have... guts to not accept my painless mercy...."

Damn! He actually plays along! It was you who received mercy, not me! Dammit...

And with a cold expression, the bastard shamelessly called out the middle-aged butler,

"Ha, (Why am I getting the sword that was supposed to be given to him?) "

"Huh (that's not the case, I definitely...) "

" (Just give it to me quickly) "

" (Yes, right away...) "

"*stare*..." ――I wonder why Charlotte-chan is looking so hotly at those two who are staring at each other... "Those two, they must have formed a "bound"..."

"Stop. No more than that, I don't want to think about it."

"Sorry to keep you waiting."

Peter said.

He pulled out his sword and held it at the ready,

"Let's start over."

――By all means.

"Let's go!" he shouted, swinging his sword.

"Ah,"

I exclaimed subtly.

【Ice Sword】

His magic sword or whatever it was attacked me again.

*snap~!*

――What's going on?

Let me describe what just happened.

His sword went *schwink*, *swoosh*, *snap*.

Also, he held onto the handle, and the blade broke perfectly in the middle and flew off as if it was already broken. Wasn't that the same sword he was about to give me before?

So this is the noble's trickery! Even though he briefly widened his eyes, he quickly regained his composure, Maybe he was training not with a magic ice sword, but instead practicing how to cover his face with ice. But wait!

I activated 【Physical enhancement】, (not sex variant).

*Snap!* (I caught the flying sword before it could reach the on-looker)

*Shattered!* (I broke it)

"Are you okay?" Oh, there was a barrier, I forgot.

Glancing over, I looked at the girl who was there.

"Fuwaa~... Desmond-sama..."

Hm? Her face was really red, was it that scary? And somehow, I feel like I've seen this girl somewhere before...

*murmers*...

"Hey, did you see that...?"

"Was that magic? Or maybe the result of his training with gray Hound..."

Stop it! Someone has been needlessly stirring things up and there's someone who's unusually perceptive... Well...it's too late now...what's done is done.

"You...you pretended to be a clown all along..."

Peter glared at me.

"I see. You were a worthy opponent," he said.

Not you too! Stop it!

The crowd exclaimed with a bit of prised 'Ohh...' I don't want it!

"It seems that my eyes have not gone bad after all."

What? Papa? But if you're going to say that, didn't you just re-evaluate me just the other day? And please don't say that here and now!

I came out in front to protect Charlotte, but I feel like I'm triggering flags that have nothing to do with her. All I want is to be all over Charlotte's body, so please don't misunderstand me!

However, I can't dwell on my impatience, as the detestable bastard seems to have flipped a switch.

"Be proud, for you have made me serious. 【Absolute Ice Sword】"

A blast of cold wind blows.

"This is bad! Everyone, if you don't want to die, channel your magic into the barrier! It's beyond the level of a mere 【Ice sword】! It's 100% of Peter Swift's power, 100%! capable of freezing all things in absolute ice!"

"Kuh! Even though we put up a barrier, the cold is reaching us here..."

"I can't believe he's willing to involve us if it means defeating that man..."

"Aahhhh! Everyone, run away!"

――what the heck, everyone seems to be having fun.

I know that the temperature has dropped, but it doesn't feel particularly cold thanks to my 【Physical enhancement】. However, if I were to show that on my face, the next thing to arrive at my house might be a military draft instead of an invitation to a social event.

"One punch... one punch..."

Stop it, don't fan the flames, Charlotte.

... Alright, if I time it right, toughen up my body, and then somehow hit his chin with a lucky punch, and beat him...

"Eat this! Haaa!"

The usually calm bastard barks.

Just aim for the chin with my fist, just aim for the chin with my fist...

I concentrate,

He raises an ice sword high above his head...

――Hey, you can make your own sword? Then what was that whole farce earlier?

Visible cold air swirls around his ice sword.

It looks so beautiful just from that alone.

It's hard to believe that the person who was just engaging in a farce up until now could create something like that...

For some reason, I'm feeling a little excited.

I'm not supposed to be a battle junkie.

It's all thanks to that old man.

...No, it's not just that.

There were unmistakable traces of "effort" in "it" that he had created. I feel that it is more correct to call them "marks" rather than "traces".

...Let's step things up.

I clench my fist, without acting.

I'll think about the military draft later.

――My body is a battery.

This body, which cannot use proper magic, exists only as a "intermediary" for "magic".

I take a half step forward,

My left hand straight down my body.

My right hand lightly extended.

The energy swirling around me.

The great flow of energy that swirls around the world does the same.

They "connect".

If I'm going to break the ice that had tormented Charlotte, I might as well follow in her example and use fire. For her sake, I shall channel the flame that will melt away that ice.

【Ignis】

It's only a flame.

I cannot use advanced magic like Charlotte's that can burn even the Evil King to death. I can only cause "phenomenon" with a specific "attribute" and "direction".

I can accumulate, change the shape and make it look like fireworks or something like that, but all I can do is simple things.

"Fufu, this is quite something... This is not a magic spell, but 'true magic'..." Margaret-sama said something, but I didn't hear her as I focused on the target in front of me.

Our blue eyes meet.

Now, it's time.

For victory――

At that moment,

My "chicken sense" gave a loud warning――

"Sorry for intrusion!! So this is where the fights are! Fuhahaha, I've arrived!"

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'll become a general who conquers various countries. Charlotte, you're fortunate to witness it up close. You should feel proud."

I said to her under the starry sky.

"Yes, I will." she replied.

I knew it was the truth then, and I believed it would come true.

...

"You still can't bring that fort down, have you?"

"No, I'm sorry, father..."

"True nobility lies in winning by any means. It seems my teachings haven't resonated with you. Being a child doesn't excuse poor behavior."

...

"No, it's nothing."

"I see..."

This is a "man"'s job, not a "woman". So there's no need for her to worry.

...

"What did you say?! That fortress was taken down by Platinum Breaker?"

"Don't you feel embarrassed to be outdone by a woman like that?"

"I'm sorry..."

"Hmph, well, at the very least, I'll give you credit for getting that Terrace woman."

"Thank you."

"But don't be content with that. A woman is a tool, and she should be able to bear children. If she cannot bear a child, you will be a disgrace to our family!"

"I understand."

Apparently, being "right" includes being corrupt.

...

"<Shadow>..."

"That's right, one of the tools of the family that you will inherit."

That must be my siblings.

"Learn how to use them."

"Yes."

...

"I hear the Platinum Breaker has taken the fort again. What about you?

"Master Peter, you are an aristocrat only if you know how to use your tools well."

"Tools."

"Use your tools. Learn to handle your <shadow>."

"Understood."

Using 'tools' skillfully is what makes a noble.

...

"Hmph, don't get too carried away just because you captured just one fort. It's only natural for my son to be able to do that much."

"Oh yes, only my son could have taken that fortress. I am so proud, Duke."

Everyone but myself.

――Is a tool.

"Well done, you have taken back the fortress that that idiotic house took away from us."

The <Shadow> must be used to its full potential.

...

"Did that woman's sister become pregnant?"

"No."

"But it seems that your concubine did. Haha, well played. Did that Terrace family send an infertile woman to my house?"

Certainly, an infertile "tool" is of no value.

...

"A woman who cannot conceive is worthless. You do understand that right? Charlotte."

"..... yes, I understand....."

Why do you look so sad?

After all, a tool is nothing but a tool.

...

"How dare you forget all the things I did for you and raising you?, you ingrate!"

"Using 'tools' skillfully is what makes a noble, Wasn't it you who taught me that?"

...

"Oh, ah....."

My vision turns red.

Was is blood.

No,

Flame.

Like magic, the flickering images and "voice" are overlapping with the roaring flame.

――What is this?

Why am I seeing this?

*crackling*,

*crackling*, *crackling*,

Why was Charlotte look so sad then?

You were supposed to stand proudly by my side, when I become a general.

"――, ――――, "

Someone was saying something.

"Fuhaha, Fuhahahaha!"

It was a high-pitched laugh, like that of a fierce beast.

I think I had heard this before.

*crackling*,

*crackling*,

Why is Charlotte look so happy now?

Next to a man who wasn't me.

And then,

I saw it.

THe huge fireball that is about to engulf everything.

And the man who shot it out.

And the happily pregnant woman right next to him.

Yes, she was pregnant.

She was conceived, but not by my seed.

The 【Flame】 like the sun that was going to burn me up.

All my ice had melted.

I felt the corners of my mouth involuntarily rise.

――Ah, so you are my "punishment".....

That's fine.

Go ahead and burn me down.....

"Avoid it, Piteeeeer! I didn't mean it!"

I could no longer hear what he was saying.

◇

Oh shiiiiiiit!

Seriously, Peter, dodge!!!

Sorry! I didn't mean to shoot! The fire was supposed to be a little weaker. Just enough to knock you off. But then...

Onee-sama suddenly visits.

Make the alarm of "Chicken Sense" ringing out.

Surprised by this, I unintentionally released my 【Ignis】. And because I did it on the spur of the moment, I put all my strength into it.

If I had to use an analogy, It was like reflexively sneezing.

It was the power of a one-hit kill, which I had no intention of doing.

The attack melted all the ice that Peter-san had swirling around him,

As if it was singing "Yahoo♪" and rushed toward him

――Ah, I'm finished.

Peter focused all of his energy into the ice from earlier, and he smiled contentedly as though he recognized he was done.

Stop it! Don't give up! If you give up, it's the end of your life, Peter! You may have had some epic drama, but don't make me an unintentional killer because of it!

The lord of Aldora, burns his wife's ex-husband to death.

What kind of bizarre incident is that?

――And it seems like there could be more of them, which is scary.

Even if I say something like that, the 【Ignis】 that I let loose roars, and blazes towards him. Stop thinking useless things at a time like this!

Then,

Ahhhhhh――――!

When the 【Ignis】 I released reached him, the corner of his mouth lifted softly.

――His peaceful face, it's like something out of a dream..

*thump*!

With a dull thud, the large fireball send his body flying, whirling and flipping over and again, breaching the barrier and scattering them like glittering feathers. My flame left a huge hole in Swift's residence.

Peter-san, who continued to spin as if he had been hit by a truck, crashed onto the floor of the party venue and bounced around without losing momentum.

Oh no. No, no, no. My [Physical Enhancement] has enhance my eyesight.

I witnessed his death with perfect clarity.

*plop*...

And,

I heard a sound like something heavy like watermelon hitting the floor...

――I'm going to dream about this. Even though Charlotte-chan and other girls were the only ones who could appear in my dreams...

"Don't worry, Desmond-sama, I made sure he didn't die".

A reassuring telepathic message entered my mind. But isn't it a bit too late?

"Really?"

"Really. He wasn't on fire right now, was he?"

"Really."

As expected of Charlotte-chan, she properly intervened to prevent her husband from getting a criminal record.

――Hm? Intervention? That seems dangerous in its own way.

But however, it's good that he's not dead.

"Yes, He's not dead, how can he."

...

――As long as he's alive, that's good enough!

And then...

"Fuhahahaha! So you're my sister's husband! This is the first time we've met....hmm."

An emerald gaze, like that of a demon, was fixed on me.

That's right, now the "chicken sense" alarm is ringing, tell me that, in fact, I am the one teetering on the brink of life and death.

O-Onee-sama.

Charlotte's older sister and Margaret-sama's eldest daughter.

That alone was more than enough, but she even had the grandiose allias of 《Platinum Breaker》.

She laughed ferociously, and as she approached me, her ample bosom emphasized by the dress, just like her sister and mother (the color was white), jiggled and bounced.

The "chicken sense" which had not sounded a peep a moment ago was now ringing like a broken bell. Could it be that my true enemy was not Peter, but the women of Terrace?...

She majestically entered the circle of nobles, as if she were a competitor entering the arena.

Her large emerald eyes, like precious jewels, were the same color as Charlotte's and Mama's, but why did they exude such overwhelming energy?

――I honestly can't look directly at her.

Platinum blonde straight hair and fresh brownish skin that could be mistaken for that of a teenage girl. ――Why is her skin brown? And her beauty that exudes a fierce sexuality that makes one think she is in her mid-twenties. Can you believe it? She's actually older than 29-year-old Charlotte-chan!

"She's 38."

"3...? Ah, oh my goodness..."

A devilish mature woman...

Speaking of that, what would Margaret-sama, her mother, be called?

She is a woman almost forties with a great figure...

――Wow, what a crotch wedgie...

Even though she wore a 'skirt', the cloth only covered the sides, and from between it, her brown flesh were fully visible. Not only the glamorous groin area, but also the soft and plump mound, and the clearly visible slit, were even more clearly visible to my [Physical Enhancement]-enhanced vision. Ahem, what an attack power.

It seems like the battle had already begun. I stumbled forward slightly as if I had taken a blow.

"I'll throw my panty at you if I have to! Charlotte's panties also has lacy pattern! It's a duel, Desmond-sama!"

"Do that on the bed later!"

It seems that fawning over a blood relative is out.

But even so, I couldn't take my eyes off of her.

This is―― that feeling.

If I looked away for a moment, I'd be killed.

"Hahaha! You've got a respectable attitude to not avert your gaze from me."

I made the wrong choice right away! If possible, I want to start over from the save point.

Suddenly,

*Bo~ing*!

The elder sister's breasts pressed against my chest.

Hoo-hoo! What a vicious elasticity.

If I'm not careful, I'll be blown off by her tits.

"Desmond-sama...?"

Damn, the little sister's pressure is too much...

"Hmph, huh, oh~ho... "

The onee-sama looks down at me with a twisted smile.

I feel like I've seen this scene in a dinosaur movie from a past life.

With a fierce toothy grin, she licks her lips and stares me down from a distance where I can feel her breath on me.

Help, someone, anyone.

At this point, even Peter-san rolling around somewhere in this venue would do. Please, someone, pull this beautiful MILF demon off of me...

Perhaps my feelings got through to her, as the elder sister suddenly turned away.

――What a relief!

And then.

"Alright, I've decided! Sister, give me your husband!"

――『Wha』?

／

――Huh?

――Eh?

――What?

If this were a manga, all ten panels on the page would be filled with my reaction.

And then...

Gah!

I was lifted up onto onee-sama's shoulder.

――She is so strong.

"Hey, what are you doing!?"

This person doesn't just fail to read the room, she completely ignore it.

This is Peter's house, and he should be lying somewhere in this venue, but there's no longer any room to spare for him.

"Onee-sama!?" Charlotte is astonished.

"If you say you're pregnant with his child, then I'll also get pregnant with his seed. The next time we meet, I'll be carrying his child too."

With that, onee-sama smirked and unfortunately ―― I couldn't see her face as I was still being carried ―― I felt the pressure coursing through my legs.

Perhaps she intends to jump? But there's no window right? No, there was a hole I made.

"I won't give you Desmond-sama even if it's onee-sama!"

As onee-sama faces Charlotte while carrying me on her shoulder, I hear a crackling sound coming from behind me.

Could it be that Miss Charlotte is trying to use her【Five Fin⬤er Flares】 or her 【Dra⬤on of the Dar⬤ness Flame】...on me?

"If you don't want to get burned, please get out of there Desmond-sama."

"I literally had my ass on fire!?"

But Charlotte, if I could get out of here, I would. But as soon as I think about moving, my "chicken sense" is immediately alarmed with a warning siren.

"Moving would only make things worse."

So,

"Y-yes, I understand that but..."

"And besides, even if I get captured, don't we have that?"

―― Heart Communication.

"Hmmm, yes, that's true. Then it would be great opportunity for me to go and rescue captured Desmond-sama... Fufufu..."

Good, I have gained understanding from my beloved wife.

However,

That might not be a good thing.

Onee-sama then said.

"Hmm? What's this feeling?..."

As she's saying 'It stinks, it's smells like rom-com.'

"Ah, is this it?"

"What?"

"What?"

"Then..."

"Snap!"

The connection between me and Charlotte was cut off.

"Oh my...that's why you should hurry and turns it to bone..."

My mother-in-law said something, but."

"Wha, a, ah, aaaaahhh!!"

"Fuhahahaha! Excellent, good magic! Truly worthy of being my sister."

The older sister laughed heartily in a good mood. However, a tremendous flow of eerie magic is coming from the direction toward my ass...

Oh no, this is bad! Something terrifying is aiming for my butt! Charlotte, you...

"What! What is that..."

I want to know too. What exactly is happening behind my ass?

"White, flame... It's like a platinum fire that can eliminate everything."

No way, I'm sure you don't mean it, Charlotte? Don't tell me you are going to hit your onee-sama with that.....

"....."

Oh hell! It's so scary without a reply!

"Alright! Come on!"

Onee-sama was eager to receive it.

Please stop, I'll cooperate with you just let me down!

I struggled to escape from the Terrace Sisters.

But,

I was held so tight and couldn't move!

Why? Why can't I move even though I'm just being carried on her shoulder?!

"Hahaha, struggling now is useless. You're already in my clutches."

Already in my clutches.

It's not going to happen. She may be spouting romantic lines, but I'm just being carried around like a piece of luggage. With my ass turns toward my wife's white flame!

"If you had resisted from the beginning, it would have been a little different. It was so easy because you didn't resist. So I "grabbed" you."

Huh, what do you mean!? And "Chicken Sense" you little...

"Well then, I'll give him back once I get pregnant, little sister."

Onee-sama raises the hand that is not carrying me. I'm sure she has a pretty look on her face right now.

"No way! I doubt you'll ever return him, even if you become pregnant!"

"Oh my, my..."

Charlotte! What are you doing in front of the public with Mama and Papa and the nobles here?!

"Oh, yes, the pleasure. I've heard a few things about it from mother."

Seriously? What!?

I can only have a bad feeling about this. I can use 【Physical Enhancement】(Sex) So I doupt I'll end up having a technobreak [1]...

"Hahahaha! Let's meet again, little sister. Mother, Father, and everyone! Farewell! 【Demon Roar】!"

*Boom*!

The magic of the older sister grow into a dense mass of magic, as if a black hole had appeared in this place.

I can't move..... This is the power of 《Platinum Breaker》...... which is said to be one of the "strongest" on par with 《Gray Hound》.

The old man was forged with a trained strength, but this lady is naturally strong. Like a natural disaster that simply overwhelms with its fury.

And I, who was caught by that natural disaster...

"Farewell!"

"Return my husband!"

*Frrooom*!

Hey, does that mean it's okay to turns me to ashes as long as you can get me back?

"Fuhahahaha!"

The high laughter of the Breaker echoes through the party venue.

Charlotte unleashed her flame.

That day, Peter's mansion was said to have suffered the unfortunate fate of being half-destroyed by his ex-wife's magic spell.

Charlotte, daughter of the 《Witch of Terrace》 and sister of the 《Platinum Breaker》, would later also be bestowed with the name 《White Flame Empress》――neither I, who was kidnapped, nor Papa, who stood with teary eyes, could have foreseen this.

"Fuhahahaha! I've got myself a groom!"

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once upon a time - not so long, but a little more than a while ago. In the house of a certain noble family in a certain territory, there was a very beautiful and lovely young girl.

She was so lovely and sweet that one could almost mistake her for a sugar confection.

Raised to be adored like a flower and to play with butterflies, she grew up to become like a lovely doll, much to the joy of her parents who eagerly awaited the day when she would be transformed into one.

That was because she had a very important role to fulfill

―― a role that you can probably guess if you have a keen sense.

Yes, it was a political marriage.

If you find it hard to understand or consider it a far-fetched idea, then you probably don't know much about the nobles - or perhaps you're just pretending not to.

What? I never said that everybody must know about it. Are you just trying to stir up pointless arguments?

Ahem, anyway, let's get back to the point.

In noble political marriages, two families unite for political or pragmatic gains. In her case, however, it was a little different.

They still sought political and pragmatic gains.

but in her case...

"This will bring in a huge sum of money for our family."

"Yes, yes. With this, we can network everywhere and our family will gain even more status and honor."

""Gufufufufu...""

A certain room of a certain noble family. it can be said without hesitation that it was clearly "dirty". Despite its seemingly clean appearance, its interior was full of feces――cough.

Yes, that young lady was sold.

She was married to the head of a certain merchant company. The other party wanted to marry a nobleman's daughter to gain prestige. The nobleman wants to receive a large donation in return.

The head of the company probably wanted to incorporate the blood of those who can use magic, but unfortunately, that wish could not be fulfilled, for that young lady was unable to bear children...

It was the result of the worst kind of discretion and bid-rigging.

No, I cannot reveal her name. Besides, this is fiction, and any resemblance to actual persons or organizations is coincidental.

And if I were to do so, you.....

....

――This is why I hate dealing with important people.

Anyway, it is already beyond your control.

Right, this is a story that has already concluded.

I mentioned it at the beginning, didn't I?

It's a story from a little while ago.

――――

A bird in a cage.

A flower in a vase.

A butterfly without wings.

Perhaps they're better off now having those things.

If you knew "freedom", then there is no "lack" of it. If one has been raised from the beginning to accept it as "normal", there is nothing to grieve over.

Trapped in a cage called noble society.

The girl, beautiful like a doll puts a faint smile on her lips and is carried in a carriage to her new home. Is she smiling because she's happy? No, because she was taught to do so. ――Her face is always smiling.

She did not question it.

She was taught that it is the "right" thing to do.

That's why, even if her husband-to-be is a despicable merchant who climbed up using deceitful means, or even if he is a lower-class from the viewpoint of the "rightful" aristocrats, she will smile and go to him as her parents instructed her to do.

*Clatter clatter*

Soon, the carriage carrying her arrives in front of a certain trading company in a certain territory, where a very fat middle-aged man with a face that looks like a greedy pig greets the bride. Yes, that's the man who will be her husband. If I were to marry him, I would rather marry a real pig a hundred times over.

――Actually, pigs are clean and intelligent animals, you know?

Even though she was greeted by such a man, she didn't feel anything. After all, she never learned how to feel.

Perhaps her being lowered to him for money and then barred from having children was a blessing in disguise.

However, she never received an education that would make her think that way.

*smile*

With a sticky smile, he reached out his bloated hand toward the doll-like young lady. His fingers are full of hair.

She felt a sense of disgust but still reached out her delicate fingertips to his repulsive hand...

And that was when it happened.

"Fuhahahaha! I've arrived!"

"Waaah!"

There was an explosive sound like a blooming flower.

"Eeeek!"

With a burst of loud laughter as if setting off fireworks from a seed of corruption, - the very thing that had held her to this point, the "education", the "commandment".

"What, what's going on!"

The carriage rattled and shook.

The young lady quickly withdrew her hand from his.

The panicking pig-man looked around.

What is that, an axe, a spear? No, it's a halberd.

A large halberd was thrust into the roof of the company, and there-

*Puff!* She puffed out her enormous chest.

*Squeeze!* Her waist was tightly wrapped by her costume.

*Bam!* a well-formed body that was perfect for bearing children.

Her gaze involuntarily goes to the lower area of her high-cut leotard that shows too much skin - it's brown - a beautiful woman in a leotard and a coat was standing there.

Her platinum blonde straight hair fluttered in the wind along with the coat――it was the wind of her commanding spirit.

Despite being a noble of this country, her skin was tanned.

Her emerald eyes sparkled like jewels.

――Yes, she was the leader

Leader of the 《Platinum Knight》 - a name that needed no introduction.

The 《Platinum Mercenary》, that name could make even a crying child fall silent.

*grin*.....

A fierce smile adorns her beautiful face.

"You! Why are you on the rooftop of my company? Get down here this instant! Put down your halberd! And you better compensate for the damage!"

The pig-man unexpectedly knew difficult words.

He looked proud, like a pig.

"Fuhahahaha! I refuse!"

Her pleasant smile turned into one of wickedness.

*smash*!

The sound of destruction rang out as the roof of the company was destroyed.

"Uwaaa!"

Piggy cries out in a half frenzy.

But his suffering was not over yet.

That was just the beginning.

"Miss! I got all the evidence of embezzlement and tampering with the records!"

"Well done. Then let's start looting. I will take it as necessary expenses."

No, that's not right. She uses the word looting as if she were going grocery shopping.

" Roger !"

*Crash*!

The satisfying sound of destruction is accompanied by the unpleasant squeals of a pig.

"Fuhahahaha! Let me join!"

*rip*!

As if opening a toy box, the roof of the company was peeled off. The pig-man was so taken aback that he couldn't even scream anymore.

Watching this, a certain young lady felt something beating inside her chest.

*ba-dump*

"S-Stop, please stop! stop it!!!!"

The ugly man knelt down and held his head in his hands.

Even if it wasn't him, no one could watch their company being literally dismantled without such a reaction.

How appropriate.

He built his own company by piling one misdeed upon another. He finally managed to buy a nobleman's daughter with money and was supposed to complete his empire by marrying her as his princess.

"Fuhahahaha!"

*Bang!*

*Crash!*

*Squeak, squeak!*

"Aaaah!"

It was both tragic and comedic to witness.

"He's been hoarding so much!"

"We're cleaning these dirty goods and money that you have collected."

How can taking those things be considered as cleaning up?

"You owe us."

There was no mercy.

The leader kicked the penniless pig man whose face was turned to a blank stare, and then stood in front of a certain lady.

"Are you the girl who was about to be sold?"

She stood there arrogantly and proudly.

Proudly thrusting out her large chest and placing her hands on her slender waist, the leotard digs into her brown skin. The fabric is so tight that it leaves no room for modesty around her groin area. The beautiful brown-skinned woman looks down on her with big, emerald eyes.

Then, she shouted.

"Break it!"

*boom*!

Her might is like thunderous lighting in the spring.

"Are you willing to obey your parents and society? Are you not your own person? Do you truly believe you'll feel any "love" with that man you're about to marry?"

The young lady does not understand what it means to love.

"...N-No... I mean, I wouldn't marry a man like him..."

"Well said!"

The devilish tanned-skinned beauty laughed like a bandit boss.

"Then let's break the rule. Next, we'll go to your house."

"Huh?" The lady's adorable eyes widened in surprise.

And then, the boss laughed, "Fuhaha!"

And lifting the young girl's waist with one hand.

"Let's go, you all, follow me!"

As if to say, "Are you coming?" with her back turned towards them and holding a young lady tightly under her arm. The hem of her coat flutters and her leotard tightly digs into her well-proportioned buttocks, hips that guarantee that it'll have a successful delivery.

"I will accompany you wherever you go, Onee-sama!"

"Let's go, boss!"

"Ha!, I'll go wherever Teresa-sis goes!"

The girls who followed her wore the same coat and leotard, but in different colors, they were clearly born from noble families. However, they were dressed in such unconventional attire, enough to make their families weep and kneel down in shame. While in a noble society, it is encouraged to accentuate one's chest to nurture children, it was common sense to hide the lower body which is for giving birth and protecting the child.

Breaking the rules.

From a strict household and aristocratic society, they break the rules.

The young lady, held by the boss under her arm, realized that she was surrounded by such unseemly individuals. –- they had just raided a company and were now carrying a large amount of loot and luxury goods under their arms. But heer heart was beating faster than ever before.

— And then, she realized it.

The young lady blushed softly against her chest.

Teresa Terrace, the leader of the 《Platinum Knight》.

Also known as 《Platinum Breaker》.Did she come to rescue the girl, to expose the injustice of the merchant, or to plunder?

No one knows her true intentions.

After all, she was a "breaker."

But one thing is certain. That is, she looted not only food, luxury goods, and the fate of the merchant, but she looted something extraordinary.

The girl's heart.

"Fuhahahaha! Now, let's go!"

It may sound like a heartwarming tale to some,

――But don't be fooled.

This is a story of one good girl being lured away by a band of thieves – cough, mercenary knights!

Good girls should never follow their example.

If they do, their families will have to file a complaint with the Terrace's house, and...

『I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience my daughter has brought you. I will send her to apologize in person, so please forgive her.』

『Please do not come! Keep her away from here!』

And the complete package includes suffering till they're forced to cry themself to sleep.

――Excuse me, I was hoping to exchange Onee-sama's story, but the unnecessary dramatization got in the way.

That's my bad. But it is what it is, so please understand.

――Young lady.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sky is clear and the wind is making a sound as it beats against my eardrums.

"Fuhahahahaha! The wind feels good, doesn't it son-in-law? But for me, it's no different from a gentle breeze. I guess it's because I have my beloved with me. Fuhahahahaha!"

"So, is this your mate? He's got some impressive magic power. I'm curious if he can get me pregnant too."

"Good idea. But only after I get pregnant."

"Then I'll just have to take it by force."

"Bring it on!"

""Fu~hahahaha!""

These bandits...

I, Desmond, the lord of Aldora territory and the reincarnated was being carried away by a black dragon in the sky and causing Papa much distress.With me are my beloved wife's elder sister and her friends? subordinates? -No, a ruffian would be the best way to put it.

D-r-a-g-o-n.

Fuhahahahaha!

Back when sister-in-law escaped from Peter's mansion.

"Come, Schwarz!"

"oh!!"

And then the dragon appeared.

I can't believe my eyes.

I no longer knew what was going on. So now, I was literally kidnapped by the demon onee-sama, and I was on the back of a black dragon.

Fuhahahaha!

I just want to forget reality.

My wife's older sister seems to have taken a liking to me, and she seems eager to get pregnant with my child. And oddly, this dragon seems to feel the same way.

.....

――Why?

Certainly, I was able to defeat Peter without feeling threatened at all, and I was able to conceive Charlotte, her sister, who was suffering from infertility. I could still rise to the occasion (if you know what I mean) when this luscious and demanding elder sister wants me to impregnate her even if she is approaching her forties.

But I am worried about how my wife is doing.

Also, Papa whose two daughters are committing outrageous acts.

Then there is Peter, whose mansion was half destroyed by his ex-wife.

honestly, I don't care that much about him, but I feel very guilty because I didn't intend to go that far in the fight.

If I could, I'd love to fly off to my beloved wife right now, but it's scary to jump from this high altitude at this speed. Also, where am I flying to right now?

And to begin with, these two....two beasts? I don't think I can run away from them. I can't move a finger because I'm being held tightly by the older sister in the air.

――No that's not it,

*Plump* *jiggle-jiggle*!

I can't move a single finger because her big tits are squashed and pressed against me.

Well, to make excuses, this onee-sama smells amazing even though she looks like this! And if she wants to, she could turn me into a tomato paste (I'm using a milder expression since it's quite graphic), but she's hugging me gently so I won't get crushed, and even rubbing her soft flesh against mine.

This is so devious!

If Charlotte finds out about these thoughts, I'm sure I'll be roasted to a crisp.

Well cooked♪

No, sorry, I didn't mean to!

But I never imagined that her sister could sever the telepathic connection between Charlotte and me. To what extent is a 《Breaker》 is she? I was caught by such a woman and her friends.

Even Ephemera whom I was holding out a faint hope for, was thrown away when onee-sama stuck her hand into my shadow and dragged her out. At that time."

A dog like that wouldn't even help! Bring me three times that! "

And even Ephemera-chan's shadow was crushed.

I wonder if that was the "charm" that grandpa had prepared for you?

.....

"Let's see, how many shots will it take for me to get pregnant?"

"Nah, mine came first."

The demon and the dragon laughed heartily, enjoying themselves.

Her enormous black wings flapped through the air, and the sound of the wind and clouds roar past behind them.

.....

――*Inhale*

Help me, Grandpa!!

◇

"I can't let her get away with this, even if she is my onee-sama!"

"My Lord was kidnapped, I'm so useless....."

Ephemera transforms into a shadow in a corner as Charlotte breaths fire.

Terrace mansion.

Charlotte, Katherine, Ephemera, and Margaret hold a strategy meeting. And of course, the incident of the lord being kidnapped was reported to the harem members who were left behind in Aldora.

"Damn it....!" Aldora's finest brain squeezed out those words in a voice that sounded like she was about to cry. Her brain took a long time to restart.

Even though she is a talented Parliamentary official, it seems that the shock of having her beloved lord kidnapped was taking a toe on her.

――Naturallly artificial.

"Search and destroy" Monica, a fighter, seems about to turn into a ferocious beast at any moment. She seems to have gotten along well with Liz.

"Fufufu, Charlotte-sama's older sister is bad news..." Will the flames of her grudge spread to the demon and dragon?

".....Kukuku, interesting."

Said the old dog.

By the way, the aftermath with Swift's family that Desmond was worried about is being handled by Papa, who was standing in tears at the mansion where his daughters caused the tragic incident. His capable maid is assisting him. How far can he lash out at Swift as a noble?

And the Damweed family has already run away.

"Now, Mother." Charlotte says. Her appearance, with a youthful beauty that could be mistaken for a girl, makes her look like a girl asking her mother for a doll. But what she's asking for is not a small thing like that. "Now is the time to use

'Thousands realms in reach'. Please 'observe' where Desmond-sama is."

"Oh my, my."

Margaret-sama, who has a beauty and youthfulness that makes it hard to believe she's Charlotte-chan's (29 years old) mother, says.

"But I must decline."

"Why!"

Charlotte-chan's eyes widen as if her older sister is acting mean to her. But she is her mother. And her real older sister is the one who kidnapped her husband.

――It was a mess.

Then, Margaret-sama, Charlotte's mother, puts her finger on her cheek, and her big emerald eyes, which she had passed down to her daughters, twinkle. She places her finger on her lovely lips.

"But I want to see Teresa-chan's child too."

Charlotte is taken aback by those words.

As well as the sexuality it exudes.

"Desmond-sama is the only one who can impregnate that girl, is he not? Charlotte, don't you want to see your onee-sama's child?"

She wants to see it "Uuuuuu~~....."

"And besides." said Mama, "Don't you believe in Desmond-sama, Charlotte-chan? Even if he's caught by Teresa-chan and Schwarz-chan, won't he return to you?"

That's right.

Regardless of how.

――Charlotte was being tested.

But,

Even so.

"gnunununununununununu."

She believes in him. Even if he impregnates onee-sama, or if he impregnates her mother, it is all fine.

But,

――Onee-sama is strong and beautiful, and her mother is so intelligent and cute...

It's not that she thinks the other members of the harem are inferior. They are all good girls. Even if she were to manage the harem as the leader, it would be okay to share Desmond with them as friends. Even though she was worried about the spoiled Liz-chan lately.

However, she cannot help but think that these two are clearly superior to herself. She trusts him. She knows he puts her first. Nevertheless, that was her sister, the breaker who crushed and ravaged everything as she sees fit, and her mother, who was supposed to be a normal noblewoman, but completely dominates her father and make him impregnate her. Truly a Terrace woman. This reminds her of the hardships that her father went through.

As she continued to watch those two and rallied herself to follow them. Finally, she thought she had grasped happiness, but then "this" happened.

――Uuu... I, I...

Charlotte was in distress.

And watching her was,

――Desmond-sama is not here...

――Will my ass be able to endure this loneliness for the rest of the day?

That's what all her half-sister Katherine was thinking.

◇

"Hmmm, this is about right. Hup!"

And she jumped.

Yes, she jumped.

"No way, what the, aaaaaaaaaaaahh!"

A vertical drop from a high altitude.

G, G-forces are attacking me at Mach speed! However, despite its name, it is not the dark and swift one[1]. ――Just to be clear.

"Why are you screaming like a girl? you'll be fine."

What does she see in me?

"Hmph."

Boom!

The landing sound does not match her casual tone.

There are no trees or plants around, just rocky mountains.

Is this the den of demons?

"I thought I was going to die..."

"You didn't die just thinking about it, you know?"

The older sister laughs loudly and boldly, her shoulders shaking as she places her hands on her hips and puffs out her large chest. Just by looking at her, she seems like a pleasant older sister, and while I feel irritated, my anger disappears.

I don't even have the courage to get angry in the first place!

*Slam!*

"Alright, let's have some fun."

Wawa wa wa wa wa... dragon-san has join in.

I mean, I know it's a bit predictable, but this dragon is a female, and it seems that she could change into a human. Also with jet-black dragon horns and a tail.

The demon Onee-sama and the dragon seem to get along well and share a fierce smile. Despite that, she is a beauty with black straight hair and snow-like white skin. Although she looks like she's in her mid-teens, the aura emanating from her slender body is undoubtedly that of a powerful individual. By the way, she is wearing a black dress. Although her boobs are not small, they look adorable when compare with the dynamite next to them. They look like a gal mama and her daughter.

In this world, there are monsters, but I shouldn't have heard anything about dragons... But if the demon's older sister is lounging with one in front of me.

I have to face the reality!

"Please wait!"

I raise my hand in front of the reality in front of me.

"Let's talk it out. If you want my seed, I'll give it to you. So please send me home first. You can visit there anytime. Charlotte will be worried about me and.....I'm sure you don't want to make your sister sad."

"Of course, that's a given."

An immediate response.

"I won't forgive anyone who hurts my cute little sister!"

Is throwing a boomerang popular in the noble world?

"I was going to blow that idiot away..... but Father stopped me..."

Onee-sama, your eyes are scary.

Her gaze turns to me.

"But you stole my prey."

Me? That's why you made me your prey instead!?

"That's why you have to impregnate me!"

The context doesn't make sense! Is she from another dimension? Or is she just drunk? Her conversation is incomprehensible, like that of a drunk person who can't communicate.

"The sooner you impregnate me, the sooner you can go home. Then my sister will calm down."

"No, in that case, why don't you come to my house,?"

Invite this person to my house...? Along with Dragon-san?

Grandpa is going to have a field day.

――I am screwed either way, aren't I?

However, only if it's me!

Onee-sama's eyes wandered a bit, she crossed her arms beneath her breasts, her brown tits are about to spill out!

Oh... I feel like I'm going to burst any moment now..."

"I can't. If my sister forced me to give you back in person, I might return you before getting pregnant."

"That's right. You, for what it's worth, you're too soft on your kin. " Dragon-san grinned and hugged onee-sama's shoulder.

I was mercilessly abducted, and apparently, I wasn't even recognized as part of her family. What the hell, this situation of being kidnapped by a delinquent girl and being mugged for a child is.....

"But not only that. Think about it, earlier, you were like that just now, if she stared at you and said, 'Please return it,' with tears in her eyes, would you be able to stand it?"

"..... I can't stand it."

On the contrary, I think I would shower her with candy.

"Right? That's why I kidnapped you. To make sure that I'll definitely get pregnant with your child."

"Mm-hmm." we both nodded in agreement.

――No, knowing Charlotte, I have a feeling she'll sort it out if it's something naughty. Thinking about sisters who are almost in their thirties and forties sharing me is...but...

From her point of view, is it not allowed because they are blood relatives?

But, in the first place...

"Why do you want to get pregnant with my sperm...?"

I don't think I'm that valuable.

Then...

"Why is that, I wonder?"

――Intuition?

Then onee-sama pats her belly.

*pat*...

"Of course, you're strong, but... I can't say anything other than I wanted to get pregnant with your child. When I feel that, my body just moved on its own." This person apparently thinks about things with her uterus. "This is what they call 'love', right? I've never felt this way before."

Fuhaha...

Her tanned cheeks were certainly flushed.

.....

What is this family? That girl, her elder sister, and the mother.

Ero elf is so scary.

"I've certainly done wrong to my sister, but it won't matter if I pay her back later, right?"

"I don't know about that." Dragon-san interjects, "But you... you have a nice magic feel to you. Even though you're human, you're closer to me in that sense."

What, I'm Desmond. My initials are D, but it's not from the dragon, right?

"I didn't intend to find a mate, and I didn't think I had anyone that could mate with but――"

*pat*...

Softly stroking her own stomach, she murmurs,

"If this is what you call love, then so be it. You're going to plant your seed in me."

And,

The demon and the dragon smile ferociously, patting their bellies and sneaking up on me.

"Come."

"Come."

――*pat*

The two beautiful women, one with perfect brown tan skin and the other an exquisite ojou-sama type, both want me to impregnate them, and I can feel the heat rising in my cheeks.

"Oh, what a cute face you're making."

"I want to eat him up."

――I'm scared!

Seriously, the phrase "I love you so much I want to eat you" is not sound that cute anymore.

As the "strongest" duo inches closer, I.....

――run away!

"Fuhaha, trying to escape? That's fine, I'll chase you to the ends of the earth!" says the demon.

"Kukuku, it's no fun just squeezing a helpless victim. Run, run! I'll chase you to the ends of the sky! What about whoever catches him first gets to have him!" says the Dragon.

"I don't mind!"

"Very well!"

This isn't well at all!

It's a battle for my seed, and my pursuers are an demon and a Dragon.

I begin my escape toward the place of my beloved Charlotte.

""Wait~~!""

"Ahhhhhh!"

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is nice.

Schwarz licked her pretty lips with her tongue.

Her female instinct had already been switched on. Her body was hot, and her lower abdomen ached.

――What is this? It felt familiar, but it was the first time.

She wanted to bear his child. However, that was all she desired. She didn't want her mouth sucked, her breasts and buttocks touched, or be spanked. She didn't know why.

Because she, too, could not escape from "providence".

"Oraa! Don't run away! Seed!" The girl spun around.

Her long black hair drew circles in the air, and she dropped her heel. Her black dress skirt fluttered, and the rock ground exploded. She wasn't wearing anything underneath. Her cute and perky buttocks, the hairless pussy, and even the tightly closed slit were fully exposed. Desmond didn't overlook it while running away. With 【Physical enhancement】, he burned the image into his mind and avoided the flying debris.

"Fuhahahaha!" Onee-sama tried to tackle him from the side.

It wasn't that he avoided it because he saw it or predicted it. It was just that he can sense danger ―― the corners of the demon's mouth raised. Her fierce teeth peeked out, and her whole body trembled with joy.

"Haa, you see through it, didn't you!"

Then came a kick with such force that the rocky mountain trembled.

She swung her right fist. The sound followed after, its shockwave accompanied by a booming sound.

However, Desmond avoided it. Rolling around while screaming in response to the shockwave wasn't an enjoyable experience. Still, with 【Physical Enhancement】 he didn't suffer any injuries.

Teresa laugth "Fuha, fuha-hahaha!"

"Eek!" Desmond cries in a pitiful voice.

"Daraaaaah!" The dragon's legs whip.

A two-on-one battle with the "strongest" beasts. Although they initially tried to capture him without being aggressive toward each other, the two eventually became more and more intense, and their attacks escalated. - it's not hard to imagine that one of their attacks would eventually become lethal.

Thinking that they would play around a bit before capturing him was too naive.

――This guy, we wouldn't be able to catch him unless we put out a "real" effort huh? "Fuhahaha, how interesting."

"I'm sorry! I don't want to be interesting! Woah!"

He dodged the barrage of punches before the hail of fists could be constructed. Just dodging the first attack was not enough to evade this unevadable technique, and it was a technique that had not yet been shown since this game of tag had begun.

――It was as if he had known where the attack will hit all along.

Teresa's heart swelled with excitement.

An opponent who couldn't be caught no matter how much she chased him. And if her instincts were correct, he should be capable of delivering a deadly counterattack with his skills.

But he didn't do it, it's just like...

'Wait for me~――'

'Ahahaha, come and catch meeee~!'

But this is no romantic beach. It was a desolate and rocky mountain. They continued to run... Normally, if she was being taunted like this, she would have completely crushed her opponent and destroyed them.

――Break them.

However, this game of chase (serious) didn't bring any unpleasant feelings, but rather a pleasant sensation. Rather than releasing all her power at once, she wanted to keep going.

What was this feeling called?

"Is this love?!"

"Definitely not!" -- more like a cat chasing a mouse.

"I'm getting embarrassed!"

"Then be more gentle, please!"

"I refuse!"

"Good, good, you're still avoiding me! How far can you run?"

Desmond avoided the attacks of the demon and the dragon over and over again.

And the two of them are getting heated up.

"Die!"

"Wait what?!"

The dragon's leg swept through the air where Desmond's head had been.

"Eat this!"

"No thanks!"

The demon's claw raced past Desmond's side like a sharp bamboo splitter.

"Fuhaha, fuhaha, fuhahahaha!" "Good, good!"

――【Demon Roar】

◇

Am I going to be killed here?

I thought, suddenly conscious of my own mortality.

However, I had experienced this kind of life-or-death training with my grandpa many times before.

He was too good at neither outright killing me nor sparing me.

"Hohoho, Please dodge it with the intention to survive. Otherwise..."

"...I'll die?"

Ooooooooh!

I screamed and instinctively unleashed my full magic power, pushing off the ground with all my might to jump backward.

Did I just see a flashback?

The spot where I kicked has a deep dent in it.

The speed was just what you would call explosive.

The scenery rushed by like streamlines, and the brown-skinned onee-sama with red streaks like veins on her skin was now far away... or maybe not!?

She, too, was leaping after me. Kicking the ground and leaving two craters on it.

She bared her teeth――and I mean, onee-sama, aren't your pupils turning black? Her tanned skin was getting darker and the red streaks pulsated. Her emerald eyes are now crimson!

She was truly inhuman.

Her right-hand swings out.

It wasn't a fist.

It wasn't a palm strike.

Her fingers are spread out like claws ―― like a bear's paw. Or a demon's hand.

Isn't that going to kill me? Even if I don't die, won't it carve out a hole in my body?

Dangerous, dangerous, dangerous!

On the spur of the moment, I instinctively.

"Earth, become a wall."

rock lifted with a wave of my finger and turned it into a wall.

"Fuhaha♪" The demon laughed with joy.

――Damn, it's not enough... "Harden up" !

"Die!!" "Do you think this can stop me!?"

It is easy to imagine that even behind the walls, their eyes are blazing and dancing madly.

The sound of scraping echoed continuously as if a rock was being drilled away.

"Harden more! You can do it!"

I prayed.

*Boom*

*Crush*,

*Bang*

The rock wall I built is now shattered to pieces by their strength. Wait a minute, Dragon Lady, why are you clad in dragon scales armor? She used to look like a human with horns and a tail, but now she's covered in dragon scales on her fists, legs, cheeks...um, by the way, why am I almost getting killed by these two?

I don't get it.

"How fun, son-in-law! I never expected that you can stop me like that! Do that again! I'm not going to let Schwarz get involved this time! You won't be able to stop me this time!"

The older sister's demonic aura rises.

"Don't hog it all to yourself. The fastest one wins, right?"

Schwarz, the dragon lady, licks her pretty lips. Truly a beautiful girl on the outside and a dragon on the inside! And now she's increasing her dragon element with battle mode.

Can you believe it? She's trying to get my offspring!

I don't, I don't want to believe it.

But...

"Rock! Hard! Full erection!"

A rock wall appeared. Hard, solid, rigid. I circulate magic and resonate with the world.

"Huha! Great!"

I felt onee-sama jump.

"Fine, I'll give this one to you, ――so hurry up and destroy it!"

On the other side of the wall, the dragon's aura swells.

--Un, I can't.

◇

...It seems like there's quite a commotion coming from the mountain. Hohoho.

In one of Desmond's rooms, a good grandfather behaved like a child that had been asked to stay at home.

"I'm going too! I'm going to find Des-sama!"

"Right, count me in too!"

A flaxen-haired beauty in a maid's outfit and a silver-haired beauty in a white, girl scout political official outfit were raring to go. She's small but her breasts are not. The monocle that Liz usually wore on her right eye was mistakenly put on her left. The silver hair tied on both sides of her chin was swaying.

The other beautiful girl in the maid's uniform was Monica. Although she is 15 years old, she is a beautiful girl who has been taken and impregnated by a reincarnated lord. His malevolent touch even caused her to lose her humanity. On her head are dog ears that are the same flaxen hue as her hair, and a dog tail is tucked behind and pushing the skirt of her maid uniform.

A fifteen-year-old girl and a twenty-four-year-old beauty,

I wonder which of the two was more flustered?

"While Miss Monica may be fine, if Miss Liz goes, the operation of Aldora will stop."

"Ugh... Darling..." The words that escaped her lips made the drops from her stern eyes look even sadder. "However, that infamous ..."

"Liz-san should protect where Des-sama will return to! I'll go with Sophie-san to retrieve Des-sama!"

"――Wha?"

Sophie unintentionally exclaims. She was a delicate beauty with flaxen hair tied at the nape of her neck. Her chest was visible only when one closed their eyes.

Of course, she wanted to help her beloved Desmond. However, Monica was physically strong while Liz had a sharp mind. She cannot use magic, and the only thing she was better at than them was her persistence.

--Is that even important?

She never expected to be selected to rescue him...

"Ah...protect the place where Daling will return. Ehehe, I feel like a wife."

Maybe she could be more helpful than the official who fell for a one-liner. By the way, the book she was reading appeared to be a different type of story than Charlotte's.

Her cheeks were blushing and her stern eyes relaxed.

"Go for it, Mom!"

Emily clenched her fist with some envy in her eyes.

"Hohoho, that's nice." Grandpa didn't stop her.

"Alright, let's go, Sophie." Monica tightly grasped Sophie's hand.

"Huh...eh!? No, wait a minute....ugh so strong!"

There was no way that Sophie could match the physical strength of the martial artist.

"Also, I'm not prepared yet..."

"It's okay! We can hunt for food around here and since it's not winter, it's also okay to sleep outside."

"I-I mean, I personally wouldn't say that is okay... Ah, wait? How come no one is stopping her...!"

Sophie couldn't resist the beautiful girl in a maid uniform―― and no one can stop her.

"Miss Monica, do you know about Desmond-sama whereabouts?"

....still weren't stopping her.

"Um, well..." Monica's shapely nose twitched, "probably this way!"

"What do you mean, 'probably'!?"

Sophie thought,

――But, it's the same direction I was thinking of...

Perhaps what was necessary to explore Desmond was a bit of persistence.

Grandpa nodded in agreement, glancing in the direction of the Aldora Mountains.

――I wish I could go there too.......

A conflict arises between Aldora's defense and the hobby of observing his young master.

But how come rescuing Desmond (the top priority) not be part of the options?

This grandpa apparently had no intention of sharing what he had sensed.

"Please be careful," said Liz.

"Take care," said Emily.

"Good luck," said Grandpa.

"I didn't say I'm going and I won't be of any help. Huh? Is anyone even listening?"

"I'm off!" "Heeaaaahhhh!"

If Monica grabbed her hand and pulled her, poor Sophie's scream echoed and faded away like the Doppler effect. A gust of wind in her wake.......

"By the way, Miss Liz?"

"Yes, what is it, Randolph?"

"your monocle is on the left side."

"................"

*swap*! (She adjusts it frantically to the right)

"you don't see anything" Her face turning red.

◇

"Do you understand why you were summoned here?"

She had wavy platinum blonde hair and big emerald eyes that made her look no more than twenty years old despite being twenty-nine.

She is Charlotte, whose husband was kidnapped by her elder sister.

She looks good in a white one-piece dress with a girlish touch. Her breasts, which were on par with her mother's and her sister's, seem as if they would explode at any moment at the thought.

She - They had been staying in the Terrace mansion since Desmond was kidnapped. And in the parlor, two women stand along with their affiliated knights in front of Charlotte, who sits on the sofa like an empress.

The two women were dressed in knight's outfits,

With a leotard that strongly emphasized their high-cut thighs. It was an outfit unsuitable for a knight. However, if the leader, or rather, the commander, wore that outfit, there is no reason why they should not honor it and wear it in respect of the breaking of order. One could feel a certain nobility aura emanating from them, and it was clear that they were also young ladies from distinguished families.

One had short blue hair and blue eyes with a slender figure, probably in her early twenties. The other had red ponytailed hair and brown eyes and giant breasts. She also looks to be in her early twenties.

《Blue Demon》 and 《Red Demon.》

They are the two arms of the leader who caused the scandal this time ――That said, the Commander alone can crush everything by herself.

they were also the deputy commanders of the Platinum Knights.

They were sitting in front of Charlotte, who was sitting on the sofa, taking a comfortable posture with her legs spread apart. They had no choice but to take Charlotte's pressure, even though she was only a noble young lady.

Blue Demon spoke up. "Yes, our commander has abducted Desmond Damwead, your husband. Currently, we, the Platinum Knights, are doing everything we can to search for him. The preparations for the departure are complete."

"I'm going too," said Charlotte.

The two were at a loss for words.

Charlotte-chan glares with blazing anger. Her emerald eyes are like huge, sparkling jewels, and it seems as if they contain a hint of madness.

"No, that's not it, Miss younger sister..." the Red Demon interjects involuntarily.

"Shut up. When I say I'm going, I'm going. I will personally give my onee-sama a lesson." she declares.

""――""

The two stunning women are left speechless yet again. Despite being born into nobility, they have both become experienced fighters, and Charlotte possesses something that can render them silent.

She is the younger sister of the commander.

Although it seemed that she was just a polite young lady of nobility, it appears that there is more to them than meets the eye.

From what they had heard, they thought she was just the "polite" and "well-mannered" daughter, but it seems that this was no mere pretense.

On this day, the Platinum Knights set out in search of the Commander with Charlotte, Katherine, and Ephemera――

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Day of Revelation.

The scene was so hopeless that it could be described as such.

It used to be a stony hill with no vegetation or trees. But compared to now. It was a very normal sight.

So, what happened?

The rock face surged like a stormy sea, forming waves and crashing. Some parts melted like candy sculptures, distorting and creating a scenery of the apocalypse.

"Raaarrrgh, ooohhhhhh!" The roar of a demon shook the rock.

"Oooooooooooohh!" The rocky surface exposed itself to the demon's claws, accompanied by a voice that echoed like a piercing scream.

"GYAOOOOOOOO!"

With a heavy impact, the dragon's claws dug into the rock surface, and the beautiful girl, who was already more than halfway shifted into a dragon unleashed an inferno from her mouth.

"Hahaha, excellent! I never thought you'd be this good!" The demon's face lit up with joy, her beautiful drown skin adorned with red streaks resembling leaf veins.

Her once-white scleras transformed into deep black orbs, and her emerald eyes turned red. Despite being in her forties, her skin and youthful countenance defied age, appearing as if she were in her mid-twenties or even younger. No, it was as if she had undergone rejuvenation. In place of her dress, a peculiar exoskeleton-like armor covered the important parts of her skin, claws, and feet.

Most of her busty chest was exposed, and her lower body only has the most important parts of her body hidden, leaving her buttocks fully exposed. To make matters worse, she even had horns. A beautiful ogress(Oni). Her straight, platinum blonde hair cascaded magnificently through the air, embodying her beauty, while her smile, both fierce and ferocious, twisted into a distorted grin.

She stood proudly with a commanding pose, arms crossed under her explosive breasts. One couldn't help but wonder why they didn't bursting.

"Indeed, it is truly surprising. Even though we let him lose, we still can't manage to catch him."

Nodded.

A dragon girl nodded earnestly, her attire resembling that of the aforementioned Oni. Her fair-skinned body was mostly exposed, with dragon bones and scales adorning the vital areas――dragon tail and horns adding to her appearance. but the volume of her breasts and buttocks couldn't be compared. She beamed with a regal smile, her tail swaying in delight.

There stood a man facing them.

A blond-haired, blue-eyed, with a self-proclaimed unlikable too-sweet face. He is 28 years old but looks younger than that. However, now his appearance, which should have been impeccable, is in tatters with torn clothes and messy hair. Covered in dust and soot, he looks like a miserable mouse.

He doesn't seem like a man who can withstand the fierce attacks of two dominant women. He looks more like a pitiful primitive mammal running away from dinosaurs. Nevertheless, survival is the triumph of life, but

――Why am I being dragged into a battle with these monsters?!

Desmond fumed. As he recalls, they only wanted his seed. He ran away, and he was chased, because....Their reasoning was painfully straightforward, escape = chase.

And then, with the help of the skill "Chicken Sense," he managed to escape skillfully, but the women became increasingly enthusiastic. As their excitement grew, Desmond skillfully kept evading them, utilizing his own abilities. He ran and ran and ran.

And this is what happened.

A natural disaster of immense proportions.

Such a scenario would not have occurred if the opponent had been the "Gray Hound," another member of the "strongest" folk. Despite being considered formidable in their own right, each possesses distinct characteristics.

While these women relied on force, instinct, and intuition to pursue their opponents, Grandpa approached the hunt with skill, strategy, and method. Desmond had undergone years of training specifically to evade his attacks, so it came as no surprise that he was able to avoid them as well.

Furthermore, regardless of their claims, the women's objective is not to "kill" but to "capture," whereas Desmond's sole focus lies in "escape" without launching any counterattacks.

A stalemate ensued.

The only one that is left utterly defeated is the environment.

"Then dodge this!" The demonic aura from The Demon big sister's claw fills the air.

"Hahaha, shall I go too? -*Suu*," the dragon princess puckers her lips.

"【Demon God's Claw】!"

"【Dragon Flash】!"

The five claws rush towards Desmond, accompanied by spatial ruptures.

The "dragon's breath" converges. The lord-killing beam is unleashed upon Desmond.

――Is this all my fault?

What did I do?

In the face of impending despair, Desmond's eyes were more lifeless than fish. However, he couldn't die here.

There's never a good day to die.

*Kyupiiiiin*!

"Chicken Sense" activate.

"【Demon God's Claw】" ――The claws of an Oni with spatial ruptures. Even if the number of claws is five, they engulf and surge through the surrounding space, becoming an "area" attack.

"【Dragon Flash】" ―― The converged breath of the dragon. One could say it was a gigantic beam saber if she moves her head while exhaling it.

"Ooooooh!"

Desmond's magic power stirred up.

He uses himself as a catalyst.

Drawing in the world's magical energy, mana.

The "mountains" shift.

The rocky surface undulates, and the vast land becomes a raging sea.

The【Demon God's Claw】. A violent storm that crushes everything it touches.

It's like the sounds of a stormy night. The waves of the earth burst into a storm, and the dragon's flash, like the guiding light of a lighthouse, cuts through it――

"【Ignis】!"

Light burst forth.

The trajectory of 【Dragon Flash】 deviated,

"Whoaaa!" Desmond's arms spread as the pressure of the wind pushed him.

However,

"Hah! I won't be stopped by that!" Even Desmond, with all his might, couldn't win against Onee-sama in a contest of strength.

"I know!"

"And I won't either!" The deflected 【Dragon Flash】 returns and burst forth, failing to be dispersed. However, if it can buy just a little time, it's good enough. And then,

――Guided by the "Chicken Sense."

"【Ignis】!"

The 【Dragon Flash】 alters its course once again. Then 【Demon God's Claw】approached. At that moment, a gap had opened up where one person could slip through.

He uses 【Dragon Flash】 to create an opening in the 【Demon God's Claw】.

"Shaaaah!" Desmond, filled with determination, clenched his jaw.

"Unbelievable."

"Amazing, amazing! you really did it ♪"

He enveloped himself in the "wind". Jumping, and rolling, he couldn't directly confront the fact that the world around him was being stirred with a grating sound.

――These disastrous partners!

"Buhaaaah!" Having successfully avoided the overwhelming attacks, Desmond let out a deep breath.

Meanwhile, both the amazed demon and dragon remained unscathed.

――What am I supposed to do with them?!

The training with the old man wasn't much different from being in danger. However, there was an end to that. But when will this one end?

Until Desmond is captured, of course.

However, would they remember that? If he were to willingly let himself be caught in their current heated state, they might forget their original purpose and instead of a hug, they might break his spine.

——I don't want to hear the sound of my spine breaking, okay?

The "Chicken Sense" would never provide Desmond, who was filled with impatience, a way out. The things only sense danger. It could avoid problems sure, but it didn't give any solution.

——This useless skill...

Those words shouldn't have been spoken by the man who relied on such a useless skill.

And...

The demon lady said, "Well, if you can use flames as powerful as just now, why don't you attack us? Or are you underestimating us?"

"N-No, no, no! Where did you get the idea that I'm underestimating you?!" I'd be happy to lick you all over right now. The naughty meaning intended.

If He were to counterattack, her instinct, currently fixated on "capture", might switch to "crush". Even without relying on "Chicken Sense," he could somehow sense it.

If he were to counterattack, they would gleefully crush him with even greater force. - No, that's not the only reason.

Then the girls started talking over Desmond before he knew it.

"But, you know," said the Dragon Lady. "If he attack us, there would have been many more moments where he could have dodged or escaped more easily. So why didn't he? It's hard to think of any reason other than underestimating us, right?"

With a tilted head, Lady Teresa, the demon Onee-sama, said to Schwarz, the dragon's lady.

"These delinquents..." Even Desmond, despite his impressive calm nature, couldn't help but feel infuriated by their behavior. It was perhaps his open-mindedness that prevented him from exploding with anger.

And then, quietly, he muttered,

"How can I attacks a woman?"

◇

...!

And then, the two came to a halt. It felt as if time had stopped.

"....."

"....."

"....."

Eh, did I do something wrong?

For some reason, both the demon's elder sister and the dragon's young lady stopped moving at the same time.....

Am I the only one who feels like this silence is the calm before the storm?

"Hey, son-in-law."

"Ha, yes!" I involuntarily straightened my back.

The demon elder sister seemed a bit grumpy. "Don't be so respectful. It's fine to speak like before."

"Before...? Ah!"

Oh no, I was speaking impolitely with this elder sister and the dragon lady... But if that's what they want, then I can't help it.

"Um, well... then, what is it?"

I was more than a little nervous.

The effect of adrenaline is scary!

"――Hmm, good."

She nodded with her arms crossed. With that motion, her brown, explosive breasts covered in demonic armor bounced and jiggled.

――Hmm, good.

However, I have no idea what she means by "good." Ah, I see. Perhaps no one has ever spoken to her as an equal before...? But isn't she using informal language with the Dragon-san?..... Please don't include me in that category.

"Oi! Son-in-law!"

"Y-Yes." Onee-sama, your energy is amazing.

"Are those words true?"

"Those words...?"

"It's because we're women that you can't hit us!"

She yelled.

"Eeek!"

Did she hear that? I just blurted it out without thinking. And was it a forbidden word to say?

Like 'Don't make fun of me,' or something.

"No, that's not it!" I couldn't help but raise my voice. "I'm not making fun of both of you! I think both of you are incredibly strong and cool, way beyond my reach!"

I shouted from the bottom of my heart.

To dispel the misunderstanding!

"Still, both of you are incredibly cute and beautiful. Even though I'm aware that my attacks wouldn't harm you, I simply can't bring myself to attack either of you."

"....."

"....."

"....."

――Eh? What's wrong with you two? They brought their hands that shone with demon and dragon parts up and looked up to the sky like "Jesus".

"That is..." Onee-sama said in an unusually timid voice. "Do you say the same things to other women? Like...cute, beautiful, attractive...?"

"..... Well, yeah, I do say those things. But still, among them, both of you really stand out."

My wife too!

Also my second wife, the maid, Monica, Sophie. Maia and the other girls I've embraced... Wait, am I going to be purged here? Executed?

...Oh shit!

Just as I thought that,

*Grab!*

It happened.

"Huh?... Eh?"

Onee-sama's demonic hand had caught my shoulder.

"Kyaaaaaaah!"

A girly scream escaped me.

No, more importantly,

Chicken seeeense! Brutus! Iscariot! Cassius! Get in line! Oi――!![1]

Hey, you! Youuuu! Whether it was when I was being kidnapped or now! Just a while ago, you were obediently and diligently working for me, but why have you betrayed me now?! Protest? Is this a protest?! If I don't give you a higher wage, you'll resign?

However, it's my neck that's at stake (physically), not just my argument but my spine will literally crumbling apart, you know!

But my time to argue about my skill didn't last long.

"Oh, I see. So you see me as a woman... moreover, you can't attack, because you're treating me like a weak woman..."

Nooo! scary!!

Onee-sama who normally has emerald eyes, transformed into a demon with black scleras and red irises. She pressed down on my shoulder, I-I can't move... Seriously, I can't move at all... Not only my upper body but my legs too! What kind of principle is this?!

I'm cornered.....

Onee-sama, with her scary eyes, sends me a malicious glance from such a close distance.

――I'm done for. I'm dead.

I wanted to spend more time with Charlotte, being all lovey-dovey and intimate...

But even the chance to recall those memories is not given to me. As she, unexpectedly...

"aaah.."

――Eh! Why is Onee-sama opening her mouth!?

Her sharp fangs gleam dimly.

It's as if she's saying, 'I'm going to eat you...'

P-Please don't eat me!

....

――*Mwah*❤

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Chu, chu ❤ Chu ❤*

――What, what's going on...?

*Chu, chu ❤*

.....

Ah... Let me tell you exactly what just happened!

When I casually referred "Chicken-Sensei" who was rarely doing a job for me as a jerk, he immediately betrayed me. Well, to be honest, it's not that big of a deal.....

And just when I thought I was betrayed, the demon onee-sama grabbed my shoulder and stood in front of me. She opened her mouth as if she was about to devour me whole.

All hope was lost, and I prepared myself to compose a farewell haiku.

Then, to my surprise.

"Mmm ❤ Chu, chu..... ❤"

".....Hey, what are you doing...?" Schwarz asked, "I don't understand..."

――Well, I don't understand either.

Onee-sama is sucking on my lips.

Although it shouldn't have any eroticism in this world, I was indeed on the receiving end.

Soft and warm lips of a woman.

Were they burning with lust, or had they been ignited by the battle?

The hand of the demon on my shoulder gradually moved to my back, —my head was about to explode... mainly out of fear! But even so, if I were to be completely absorbed by her, my lower region would be in much more trouble. She's not inferior to her sister... or rather, this onee-sama has a more tautness... the softness of ample flesh. And she's almost forties...

(――I can't take it anymore.)

I felt reprimanded by myself with her hand on my shoulder. Yeah, that's right, I shouldn't face that reality.... um, her appearance right now is like....only a year or so apart from Charlotte. In a way, that's also a kind of reality I shouldn't confront... What kind of warrior gets rejuvenated from battles?

――Well, she is an Ero elf.

And because she is Charlotte-chan's real onee-sama.

Could it be that she, in addition to being a demon and knowing about dragons. She knows about erotic stuff too...? Or am I experiencing a glimpse of something even more terrifying...?

"Mmm, chu ❤ ――Fufu"

And as she released her lips,

She gave me a faint smile.

"I stole it."

I was stolen...

Her tanned skin is darker than before, with red veins resembling veins coursing through it. Her scalar turned black, and her eyes dyed crimson, showing an otherworldly appearance――she also has horns on her head――yet her lively and beautiful charm is reminiscent of a young girl.

This sexual, battle junkie race.....

It seems that while the original ero elves may have extinct (?), their lineage has been passed down to a woman from the House of Terrace. Is that right? If onee-sama is already like this, just imagine the power they possessed in the past when they roamed freely... They must have been absolutely invincible.

"Fufufu, it seems you're surprised." Onee-sama chuckled with a smile. Meanwhile, her hand held me tightly from behind. "This is called a kiss, I heard it from my mother."

.....What did you just say?

"Apparently, this is proper etiquette when receiving the essence of a beloved man." said Onee-sama proudly as she held me in her arms. Her ample bosom jutted forward magnificently, *boing♪*, I found myself overwhelmed and crushed by its splendid and unbeatable presence.

In the presence of her manners, my crotch also seems to be displaying proper etiquette too.

However,

If I were to let the meat stick rise in front of this demon.....

*shrudder*

...However, does that mean...

"I believe you're already aware of this, given that you impregnated my younger sister, I heard from my mother that our clan cannot conceive without being filled with copious amounts of essence...." Her eyes took on an unusual distant gaze. "It appears she didn't inform my younger sister about it, likely due to her marriage to a man whom our mother disapproved of. I was also forbidden to tell her... Fufufu." ――Onee-sama's laughter had lost a little of its energy.

"――――――" You knew...?

No, I don't find it strange that mother-in-law knew, but she didn't say anything despite the fact that Charlotte was hurt by not getting pregnant and even the Terrace family suffered misfortune.

What a spartan.

I don't know if I should say this or not.....But I'm glad that Charlotte didn't give her lips to that asshole.....

I can't interfere with someone else's family circumstances, especially with the Ero elf... I only understand them as a race with erotic tendencies, but various emotions are swelling up within me, difficult to put into words.

And...

"Fufu."

Onee-sama looked into my face and she smiled. But why that gaze makes me feel uneasy?

"You're the one who impregnated my sister." Onee-sama's sweet breath tickles my nose.

And it is you that such a sister's husband, aren't you forgetting it?

"――Fufu, surely you can impregnate me too. Ahh, do not be mistaken. I am not saying that anyone can impregnate me. It is just you."

The Onee-sama gently stroked my cheek with her smooth fingers. ――Goodness! It's not demon claws anymore. It's impressive how she can retract just the claws.

And then her fingers moved under my chin.

*Rub, rub...*

...This, you perverted...

"Fuhaha, I never expected that you would captivate me with your power and evade my attack, and to top it off, even treat me like a female.... You may impregnate me and charm me!"

I must say, to be told that while she's blushing slightly is cheating. However, I had come to realize one certain fact.

This Onee-sama. She is a demon, an erotic woman, and a young lady who seems to have learned the manners of men and women from her mother-in-law, who is called a witch...

But...

――This woman doesn't understand eroticism!

I had complete conviction about this. Why? Because of the kiss just now. It was indeed a kiss, but it was nothing more than pressing our lips together and moving them.

Simply put, it was nothing more than a mere imitation, a formality.

Fufufu, I would advise you not to underestimate this Lord, who relentlessly indulged in pleasurable activities with your sister, making her all wet and sticky. ――Gufufu.

With my lower region already half erect, I wrap my arms around Onee-sama's back, taking the initiative.

"Oh, you're eager to do it. Very well. Then let's go get the lube."

...As expected. However, I decided to avert my gaze from all the nuance. Regaining my composure...

――Gufufu,

I couldn't help but make a lewd smile.

Certainly, Onee-sama was scary and intimidating, and I couldn't attack a girl, but――when it comes to sex, it's a different story. I should fully vent all the frustration I've had so far through her body (Please imagine a Chihuahua getting all excited).

Sure, onee-sama was scary and intimidating, and I couldn't attack a girl, but when it comes to sex.... Should I let out all my pent-up frustration on her body? (Insert an image of Chihuahua getting all excited here.)

Charl●tte-mon, I'm going to do it! I'll show you that I can do it even without you!

I assert my audacity by firmly grasping the back of Onee-sama head, and...

◇

"Nuuh! Nmuhh!?"

Desmond suddenly bared his fangs, causing even the composed Teresa to slightly widen her eyes. Unlike Teresa, who was just sucking on his lips, Desmond Desmond took her upper lip,

*Nibble*,

Then lower lips.

*smooch*...

He ravished her upper lip, as if gradually invading her, then moved to her lower lip.

His lips met hers, gently, passionately, and sensually. He taught Onee-sama the art of kissing.

Was it the survival instinct being inflated by the pursuit of the demon and dragon, or was it the heat of his male desire?

"Fu... Ugh..." Desmond's tongue licked Teresa's lips.

*Lick, lick...*

And then, his tongue, like a lascivious flame, slip into Teresa's mouth.

――Gufufu, Onee-sama, you're quite delicious.

Desmond was captivated. Even though she was in her demon mode, she was an exquisite beauty. The demonic appearance, enhanced by her beauty, had an erotic essence that resembled cosplay. She gradually wrapped her arms around Desmond's back, clinging to him while receiving oral stimulation. He licked her gum and repeatedly brush on the other side of her teeth.

No matter how "strong" the demon might be, he was a reincarnator who can awaken the erotic desires in women who were oblivious to eroticism. However, she had the bloodline of the ero elf.

*Chu*... their tongues touched.

As if the lust flower bloomed, like the snake of desire had awakened.

"... Fu, mu, chu..." The man and woman tangled their tongues.

A certain part of Desmond is already rock-hard. He tightly held Teresa's tender body and continued to rub their tongues together.

"As I said, what are you guys doing..." Schwarz, the dragon girl, raised a voice of astonishment. Even a dragon was just a background character now. She looked bored, sitting on the ground, resting her elbows on her knees.

"Pu~ah..." When their lips parted, there are saliva strings between their two red tongues. Teresa's crimson eyes gleamed. She licked her lips with moist eyes.

"Fuhaha... What's this? My tongue is numb from your {{taste}}?" The corners of her mouth raise, softening her expression. The breath that escaped her lips was sweet and moist as if craving for more.

"This is a kiss. What you did earlier was just mere playing pretend."

"Fuha♪ Pretending you say? Playing pretend. This tradition passed down in the Terrace family? Good. It's a violation of the rules. I want more... haah..."

It seemed that Onee-sama had taken quite a liking to kissing. With a seductive gaze, she pulled him closer, eagerly seeking his tongue and lips. Desmond stuck out his tongue, and she immediately understood and leaned in to suck on it eagerly.

"Humm, *chu*... Fuu..."

The beauty sucked on the man's tongue.

On his chest, her brown bombs softly changed their shape.

――Onee-sama, you adapt too quickly..... Even Charlotte wasn't like this.

Desmond became entranced as she sucked on his tongue. And he got carried away.

"Teresa." he called her by her name, "open your mouth."

"Hm? Alright, aahh..."

This person understands what she's doing. No, she's doing this instinctively. She opened her mouth, lightly sticking out her tongue as if begging for food.

*drip*...

Desmond's saliva dripped into her mouth. He continued to intertwine her tongue while sealing her lips.

"Mmm,...ku ♪" Her throat rose and fell, gulping. "Nnku, fuu..."

Taking it herself, she sucked on it, and when he sucked, she offered her own saliva, sucking from him and being sucked by him.

"Mmmm, hmmm...♪" More intensely than before, they exchanged their body fluids while their mouth melted together. Teresa and Desmond clung to each other's bodies, pushing against each other.

Then, Desmond's member pressed against Teresa's untouched place.

*Throb*...

Her body jolted for a moment. She writhed, pressing her hips against him. Desmond's hand had reached her tightly toned buttocks. Which were barely covered. He kneaded it with his fingers, pushing his hips against hers to convey his hardness.

"Pu... ah, you can get hard without any lotion. ――This is also a violation of rules, isn't it?" She spoke with a delightfully ecstatic voice. His fingers kneaded into her buttocks. "Mmm... What is this? you just rubbing my ass....."

"I'll teach you a sexual technique, something that's not etiquette."

"?" She tilted her head at the mention of a technique. "Huh, that sounds fun. Oh?" Desmond's lips trailed along her neck. "Kuku...♪"

His tongue licked and sucked her soft skin, imprinting a passion for making her his. "Chu, chu..." Her skin was sweaty, with a wild taste that wasn't just sweet. With one hand still kneading her buttocks, he caressed her exposed belly and placed his hand on her chest.

"Hmm, do you like my breasts?" The older sister grinned. "Even though you're not a baby. This is also a violation, right♪"

――What's this? It feels like forbidden desires are awakening...

While thinking that, Desmond continued to knead and twist her dynamite breasts.

The grinning and amused face of hers is exactly like the look of an Onee-sama letting a younger boy play with her body.

"Good, good, rub them more." she even strokes his head. It was a violently tender embrace as if embracing a boy who's not yet reached maturity.

"Good, good♪"

...Kuh, is this the power of a woman approaching her forties...!

Feeling as if he was a child again, Desmond began to gently knead this Onee-sama ass and breasts, seeking affection.

――I am losting!

Then he lost as he pressed his face into her breasts.

"Haha♪"

*plump*

And as his face was buried in an overwhelming volume, he was engulfed in her embrace

*wriggle...lick lick*

The man had a happy smile on his face.

"Fuhaha♪ He is licking, squeezing, and sniffing my breasts. What is this sensation? More, more harder!"

And she removed the piece of armor that was hiding the tip. What appeared was a fully swollen cherry-pink nipple. The tip of a brown fruit. It swelled enticingly, longing to be plucked...

*chomp, gulp, smooch!* Desmond immediately latched on.

Her chin lifted, platinum blonde hair bouncing.

"Kuhahaa ♪ Ahh... amazing... It makes me shiver. Sweet!" Her demonic, otherworldly eyes narrowed in delight and melted. While the lips relaxed, her teeth clenched in fiery desire. "This is good! Oooh!"

Desmond's tongue and lips also heated up. *kiss, slurp, lick lick lick lick lick..*

As he licked and rolled the plump bud, the "strongest" body trembled in ecstasy. "Haah, this is a new sensation. I am being violated... ♪"

In response to the sweet voice escaping from the demon, Desmond pinched another nipple tightly.

"Hii... Nnh. Haan...!"

Even without recognizing the eroticism, she is so sensitive. Perhaps it is because of her "blood"

Desmond forcefully squeezed and kneaded her breasts in the throes of lust, suckling and pinching the nipples eagerly.

"Ooa... Kuh ❤ What is this? Even I, someone like me, can't keep my voice down. Ahh... It penetrates deep into the core of my body. What technique is this... Haah!"

"This is the sexual technique !" *lick lick lick lick lick lick lick lick*

"Fuhahahaha♪"

The beautiful woman laughed loudly as her breasts were groped and sucked, her hips writhing. She had already removed the armor covering her crotch, following her instincts. The sweet and ripe nectar was flowing down her brown thighs. ―― It was clean-shaven.

"You should strip too ♪"

While allowing Desmond to play with her breasts,she tore off his clothes.

"Kyaaaah!"

But before those words escape his lips. He pressed his raging erection against her hairless slit, spreading the mature woman's honey onto his glans.

Schlip, Schlip, Schlip♪

"Fuha... Fu...u..."

Teresa must have realized what was about to be done to her. "Hah....., uuu....." She drooled as his lascivious shaft pressed against her dripping slit. Her magnificent body burned with an unprecedented desire, scorching her.

Anticipation and a touch of anxiety. A sweet premonition of a faint tension. "Kuku, Fuhaha." The tingle in her lower abdomen is like a warrior's tremor, she began preparing herself by wrapping her arms around Desmond's back.

A woman who didn't understand this feeling entrusted herself to a man who understood it instinctively.

*Twitch, twitch*

The desire of the male was straightforward and directly appealed to the female.

"Ha... haa..., n..."

Feeling the pleasure of his swollen glans, Teresa exchanged a look with Desmont with moistened eyes. Without exchanging any words, they first connected their lips and tongues. "Nn....." The seductive wet sounds and the woman's moans brought their sex closer together.

The overflowing lust intertwines with his male organ, and eventually, the tip...

".....Eh? Seriously? Ah, is that thing, like, going in? It's-it's impossible, right...?"

The dragon's heart was pounding. Her white cheeks turned pale. She couldn't look away, her eyes widened in disbelief.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Haaaaaahh♪"

"Oh, ohhhhhh..."

I inserted it smoothly, feeling it slide in deeply. Onee-sama's tight opening enveloped me, almost as if it wanted to consume me, drawing me in further. What an evil pussy...

I thrust all the way to the base, and immediately the cervix greedily sucked it.

The wetness running down my balls and down her thighs was surely proof of her being a mature virgin.

The pulsating and undulating inner walls of her vagina coiled around my member, whether it represented the purity of a virgin or the matureness, I couldn't tell. "Mmm... it feels good..."

"Haahh, ugh..."

"Hey, are you okay, Teresa?"

I ask, then...

She pushed her hips forward, impaling herself on me.

With a fearless, ferocious smile.

Nevertheless, that smile twists, and that twisting is nothing but the ecstasy of the female.

"Haah... A... It's amazing, this! It's penetrating the very core of my being! Ahhh... my body, my spirit is invigorated! It's so fierce but also sweet!"

"Does it hurt or anything? Is it painful?"

"Fuhaha, painful? It was indeed painful at first, but not anymore."

She wiggled her hips. Not only has she matured as a female, but her abs were honed to perfection—the muscles of a demon. Its wriggling makes the male bend over and to squeezes the sperm out of him.

"Oh... ugh, amazing..."

"Fuhaha, you make such a cute face. Like this? do you like this?"

*Stretch, stretch, squelch!*

"Hey, hey, wait! You're adjusting too quickly! Even Charlotte wasn't so fast like... this!" I grabbed Teresa's hips and vigorously shook them. I pushed through her resilient and slippery female flesh and rubbed against the deepest entrance.

"Haah, Ahh♪" she writhed and twirled around me.

"That's a lovely voice you have there, Teresa."

"Fuhaha, you're getting carried away, son-in-law. Did you do the same to my sister?"

I didn't go quite this wild, and I fucked her to make her mine.

"To think you would stand firm without using lube and make a woman's even wetter..." Onee-sama twisted her hips and cooed. " I like you more and more♪ Impregnate me with your brilliance!"

While still deep in her tunnel, she enchanted me with her captivating hip movements.

Kuhaa... It feels good...

"Fuhaha, are you twitching inside my vagina? It's so cute."

*Grumble*

I did not want to hear those words, even if she was an Onee-sama or a combat-oriented Ero elf demon. She's just getting inserted and now showing such skillful hip movements based on instinct alone. But I won't allow you to underestimate the sexual prowess of the Lord, who honed his skills by practicing with your sister.

I seized her enchanting thighs with a firm grip. I lifted her left leg and increased the grinding of my hips, rubbing against her folds and creases.

"Fooh!? Ha, huh... Ooh... Fuhahaa, aren't you a tough guy, son-in-law! No, Desmond. Nn, ah... Desmond, Desmond... Ahn♪"

Stop, don't call my name while moaning! That's why instinctual types are... but it feels good. I mercilessly thrust my hips into Teresa Onee-sama, who clings to me with her huge tits bouncing.

Constricting, undulating, a resilient sobbing wet flesh pot trying to squeeze, coax, and spoils me. Even though I'm rock hard, my hips won't stop quivering with every stroke. It's fully erect, and pulsating...

"Haah, ah, kuuh, fuuu..."

The demon Onee-sama clung to me and moaned with a sweet, debauched voice. Her skin is moist with sweat. Her voluptuous body emits an enticing scent. "Haaan...♪ Ha, fuhhaaann!" Her erect nipples pressed against my chest, I can feel it sinks into the pressure of her massive breasts.

*Thump, thump! Squelch, squelch!*

It's quite rough and too loud for affectionate sex, with the wet sounds and flesh slapping. Even so, the demoness chirps, writhes, and sings with ecstasy for the joy of her flesh.

"Ah, aaah... What is this? My body, my body is boiling! Fuaaah... Haha, my body feels like it's going to fall apart. Stirred up, melting into a mush... Ah, hiiii... Good! So this is Desmond's penis! The male shaft that will impregnate me... Hoo♪"

The woman's pussy squeezes and clamps tight.

"Haaan, nhaa♪"

This "strongest" Onee-sama melts into a bitch in heat, she shivers and moans, clinging and writhing as if she were a child. Could there be anything more honorable for a male? Just to be sure, I fully enhance my body with all my 【physical enhancement】 just in case ...

"Teresa, I'm going to make you feel even better." I grabbed her right leg. and...

"Hun!"

...clasp position (ekiben). My meat rod plunged deeply, and The weight of her body pressed down.

"Ohh! I'm getting skew!" (Note: sex)

I firmly held her enchanting thighs and thrust up forcefully...

"Ah, ooooh! kuuh♪"

The weight of her uterus pressed against my shaft and send it to my legs. *Suck Suck Suck❤*

――Oh, oah!

This woman... Her cervix is really suctioning! No way, is she a succubus...

――No, it's Ero elf.

"HaaAhhhhhh! Good! Pierce me more... more!"

Teresa twisted her hips on her own even as I impaled her and fucked her Ekiben style. Her enchanting yet resilient thighs coiled around my waist, tightly clinging like the touch of a desperate hand...

――This, you Ero elf!

I firmly grabbed her buttocks. "I will, I'll penetrate you even harder. I'll make you moan and impregnate you!" In response to the woman's desire pressing against my flesh rod and waist, I rhythmically shook my hips. Her cervix sucked me tightly on the tip, wriggling and twisting, squeezing me.

The rigid and pointed flesh spear engaged in a fierce battle with a demon.

"Haah, ah, Desmond, can I kiss? Give me your tongue."

Kisses aren't supposed to be like that... Well, whatever.

When I extended my tongue, she , "Hm... *slurp*... *Chuu*... ❤ Nuuu~... ❤"

Why are you sucking like that?! Did you think it should was the same way I did it on your breasts? Our tongues intertwined. We exchanged saliva with each other.

Aah, I can't resist.

When our lips released with a "Mwah," I saw the face of a beautiful, pampered woman at close range. "Huff, fuhahaha, fufufu. So this is why my sister didn't want to give you to me." I honestly felt a little embarrassed from constantly looking at her ferocious appearance. With a sweet sigh, she sought my lips again.

"Habuu... Nn, Nn..." Why is it that the kiss is almost biting, but it's soft and sweet? Above all, it was hot, we shamelessly entangled our tongues, drooling lustfully.

"Nn, Nn..." *Thump, thump* As her ample voluptuous temptation bounced, irresistible moans descended into my throat. I'm falling, I'm about to cum.

"Nn, oh, Nn, Nn..."

*squelch, squelch, squelch, squelch...*

While still containing my flesh pole in her body, She bounces her hips up and down. Her sweaty body clung and entwined around me. "Aaah! It feels good! Amazing!" Her platinum blond hair swayed and writhed.

Hey, be careful with those horns!

"Hyaaaaaa!" I think I rubbed her weak spot when I moved away.

To be honest, I thought it was cute. I want more! I will unearth all the cute parts of this ferocious woman.

"Oooooh!" I grabbed her buttocks and struck it, hit it!

"Ah, hiiii! So deep, it pierces, it thrust all the way to my deepest place!! This is... sex!"

I think something is a little different. However, but, still! While bouncing inside her vagina, we our flesh against each other relentlessly.

*Thrust, squeeze*

A liquid of delight gushes out from the woman's slit that I have pierced. "Aah... Aa... ❤ Desmond...I got violated...I got defiled by you... ❤ Ahh, aahh... ♪"

――Ah, I can't take it, I'm at my limit.

I shiver as her arms wrap around my back, accompanied by her sweet, devilish voice filled with seduction. However, my pride won't allow me to climax before her. I thrust my hips forcefully, grinding against her flesh and relentlessly penetrating her depths.

"Hah! Ah, ah, uu! What... what is this? It feels like something, something is coming... Hii, ah, fuuu!"

What is this feeling, as if something other than an ordinary climax is about to happen? But when a girl is on the verge of orgasm, there's only one thing a man should do.

I deeply penetrated Teresa and brought my lips close to her ear.

"Teresa, this means you're about to cum. I'll hold you tight, so feel free to let go."

"Fuhah."

She sniffled and shuddered slightly. Then she raised her face, looked at me with her red eyes, and broke into a smile.

"Very well, you continue holding me just like that."

――she's Charlotte's older sister after all.

"Haah, aahh... " The tightness of her vagina increased.

This wriggling sensation feels so good even without my hips moving.

"It's coming, it's here, hold me. Only you can hold me. And ―― impregnate me..... Ohh! I'm going to get swollen!"

――Don't swell.

Remained as you are,

"Ahh, ugh, uuaahh, it's coming... I-I'm going to...!"

"What? Are you dying? Teresa, are you going to die!?" Schwarz's eyes widened.

However, despite the presence of the innocent dragon girl, Teresa,

"Hii, ah, aaaaaaaahhhh!!!" She raised her head and leaned back.

Her vaginal muscles contracted intensely.

I held her tightly, penetrated her, and sucked onto her neck, biting down as if to mark her.

*Squirt, squirt, splurt, splurt, ❤!*

I ejaculated. I poured myself into her. Without reserve, I dyed her uterus with my color.

"Ah, fahhh... ooooh... Fuhah... ahh... it's inside... Desmond's hot essence is inside my womb... Oh, ah... I'm... I'm getting defiled... Ugh...No, I can't just be defiled like this... With this, I cannot free from you now... can I...?"

I honestly had no idea what she was talking about, but I knew she was pleased. And,

――Did I just fucked up...!? (In various ways)

Even though it was her first time having sex, and even though it was her first time ejaculating inside a vagina, Onee-sama was wriggling her hips and wriggling her vagina as if she was squeezing for more and more sperm. I can only imagine what she will do in the future. But...

――The ejaculation, it won't stop.....

Truly, she has the bloodline of an ero elf. Her cervix clings to the tip of my penis, and it deliciously gulps and drinks it all up. Although I couldn't help but feel a shiver, seeing her enjoying it so much, crying "Aah... Haah... ❤" as I was swallowed by her uterus, I wanted to make her drink more.

And even after pouring it all without spilling a drop, my flesh cork plugs her vagina completely.

"Haa, Ahh, Hiiin..."

Onee-sama pressed her body against mine, breathing heavily. I held her close as she rested her chin on my shoulder, her breaths filled with a sweet intensity. There's no way the plugged flesh cork inside her would go soft by this. And there's no way she wouldn't notice it either.

"Nn..... nn..... nmmm....." with a cute voice, she writhes in pleasure. "Un...? Oh! " Then came a delighted voice. "How amazing, Desmond doesn't go soft even after ejaculating! Truly an epitome of breaker!"

Don't scream in my ear.

A sharp sound echoed in my ear.

The voice from earlier? No way I can take those sweet sounds!

And Onee-sama...

"Nn, fuu.... aa... ❤" She started rocking her hips on her own. "Good, very good. I like it! Aah... Aaah... let me taste Desmond's penis more... Nn, Aaah..."

She's completely into my penis.

I haven't had enough of her too, to be honest.

While keeping Teresa, who is wriggling her hips, clinging to me, I use magic to soften the ground, adjust the texture, creating an impromptu mattress. As I try to put her down there...

"Desmond, what did you just do?"

Onee-sama's voice was a little serious. However, she doesn't stop moving her hips.

――What the hell...

"I-I used magic to soften the ground and make it like a bed."

"Ho?!" Her eyebrows raised and her vagina tightened.

Oh, that's nice. But

"Well, didn't I also do that a while ago? While I was running away from you guys,"

"..... ――Oh!"

"What's wrong? Didn't you notice?"

"Well, I noticed, but it was a trivial matter."

The Onee-sama nodded approvingly.

"What about it?"

"Well, I just - I think it's another violation... ♪"

Sometimes, she was a bit cryptic.

With that, I laid her on the makeshift dirt bed. Of course, while we still connected.

"Mmm..."

She raised her well-shaped eyebrows.

"Is something wrong?"

She then said confidently.

"Hmm, it seems I prefer being carried."

She folded her arms, pushing her massive breasts up, displaying her fully swollen nipples, both looking lewd and adorable and nodded approvingly, "Mm, mm."

"....I see."

"That's right. There's no one else who can do it. That's why, Desmond... carry me."

You Ero elf!

You older sister of that 29-year-old girl!

I steeled my heart and...

"But I refuse!"

"Why?"

"Because right now, I want to do it like this!"

I spread her legs wide, grinding my hips forcefully.

"Aah♪ Ahh, aah!! Ahh!" Her breasts bounced and jiggled, but her arms remained crossed as her face melted into the face of a bitch in heat.

I thrust my hips, sliding back and forth. The joining part bubbled white with white foam, and her dark brown skin shivered.

"Aah, haaah! I see, so this is what it means to be 'violated.' Mmm, mnnn! It feels good. Do you intend to make me cum again? Pour it into me? Until I conceive? Hahaha, that's good. But it's hard to give up the carry... Fuuaaahh! It's gotten bigger! ❤"

That's to be expected!

I move my hips, driven by an overwhelming horniness and itch. Because this older sister is straddling me and moving her hips, panting with a pleasant and amused smile on her face.

"Ah, ahn♪ Fuwa... haaan... ❤"

Naturally, my eyes are drawn to her bouncing breasts. "Fuhaha"

Onee-sama lifts them up provocatively.

...Kuh.

I dive in! Grasping, licking, sucking on her nipples and rolling my tongue around them.

"Fuaaa...So Desmond really likes breasts. Fuhaha, haaan ❤"

Kuu... It's embarrassing, but I can't stop. I turn my embarrassment into the movement of my hips, making her feel good.

"Carry me, carry me," she happily wraps her arms around my neck.

"This spoiled brat," I mumble, feeling a bit leaking from the tip.

"That's the way you talk to me....." ―― Huh!? "It amazing ♪ Haaan ❤"

She wraps her legs around my waist like a female praying mantis. Then she moves her hips up and down, as she squirmed from below. "Kuhh, ooooh..."

"Fuhaha, just as you're exposing my weaknesses, I'm gradually understanding your weak spots too, you know? Look." The folds of irresistible temptation, the vaginal walls undulate as if squeezing.

"Ohohoo!...This," I lift Teresa's hips and rub against her G-spot.

"Fuaa! Good! Your determination not to lose to me... aah.. conquered me... Fuhahaha!"

When she slightly purses her lips, I understand what she desires.

We extend our tongues, entwine them, and exchange saliva...

"Teresa, I'm cumming!"

"Come! Fill my womb!"

I thrust forcefully and stimulate her cervix...

*Splurt*, *Spluuuurt*!!

"Fuhhaaaaahhh!!!"

I hold her tight and pour everything into her. With magic power circulating, I pour it in, cumming.

"Oh, fuhohaaaahh, ah, hiiiii! Desmond, what a demon... ❤ Fuaa... ❤"

Onee-sama's tongue stretches out as she reaches climax. With a blissful expression, she looks ecstatic, and her limbs go limp. Maybe she could have mustered the strength to attack me again if she wanted, but for now, she seems to savor the warmth that was poured into her.

And then...

"All right, Schwarz, it's your turn now. Sorry for accidentally fucking him twice in a row. Fuhaha!"

I see, it seems that this is one of the reasons why she's admired so much. Squeezing me twice in a row accidentally, ――Is it really? And then properly share me with others...

That's what I thought, but no one responded to Teresa's voice.

"Hmm?" she says, sounding confused.

"...Where did she go?"

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Not here......"

I was a tearful, girl's voice.

She was an adorable young girl. She had short hair of a flaxen color and sun-kissed skin. She looked healthy, and her round colorful eyes were filled with sadness. She was dressed in a maid uniform. However, the uniform was tattered, on her head were flaxen dog ears that matched her hair color, as well as a dog tail.

It was Monica. And behind her was...

"Haa... Haa..." Sophie breathed heavily, her shoulder shaking, and said, "W-What... is this place?"

Sophie's eyes widen in surprise. Her slender figure and facial features gave an impression of fragility. She tied her flaxen hair at the back and the tips. She wore a blouse and trousers, a comfortable yet feminine attire.

Sophie's eyes widened in surprise. She had a slim figure and delicate facial features, which made her seem fragile. She neatly tied her flaxen hair. She was dressed in a blouse and trousers, a comfortable yet feminine outfit.

The place they arrived at was like a scene from hell.

The earth rippled like an ocean, rolling and churning as if it were under the influence of an evil force. Not only that, but chunks of rock were missing in some areas, leaving behind holes and numerous signs of devastation.

So far as she is concerned, she is a genius girl with innate talent × beast shapes shifter × relentless training to become the "strongest"... But how much does Sophie actually know? However, for her, who had experienced real-time soil improvement of cataclysmic proportions by the admired Lord, it was not surprising at all.

A frog in a well unaware of the vast ocean, or rather, that well was deeper and wider than the ocean itself.

And even Sophie, seen from the side, must have appeared abnormal. She was bewildered by Monica's wild open-air kitchen, and Sophie became responsible for cooking.

And even Sophie, from an outsider's perspective, must have seemed abnormal. Sophie became the outdoor cook in charge of Monica.

The ingredients for meals were... monsters.

...It's wild.

Supposedly an ordinary person without a background in magic, but she had become quite skilled in cooking monster dishes.

...Anyway, that's not important.

"In addition to Des-sama's magic power, there are two others... grrrrr..."

Monica growled, baring her teeth, but her tail was tucked. Although she was fired up to get her beloved back, but she couldn't help trembling in the residual demonic and draconic powers.

They were no longer here.

With the determination to retrieve her beloved, she was determined to pursue him to the ends of the world. And no matter how big of a monster they are, she has no intention of backing down.

But will they really be able to get him back from these monsters? It's hard to believe that Desmond would easily be defeated by them. But considering his gentle nature, he wouldn't raise his hand against a woman, no matter what kind of monster they might be.

That's why she must go to help him. Even if she is a dog and the opponent is a demon and a dragon...

Monica tightly clenched her fist, with determination in her heart.

"Wait for me, Des-sama, I'm coming now...!"

And In response to Monica's words,

――I need to go too... won't I?

Sophie felt like sighing, but she had already come so far and couldn't give up now. Without Monica, she didn't have the confidence to go back either. However, she also had another feeling

Until now, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep up with him. But now, she can pursue him and even catch up. She can hold him in her arms, and be held in return... and even more than that.

"Fufufufu..." Sophie couldn't help but smile wryly. Being led here by Monica, she could finally let go of some things.

"So, let's go. Maybe he's this way?"

Before Monica could sniff, Sophie pointed out the direction.

――It seems that the key to this search lies in the power of love...

◇

Wha-what is that?

She can't believe it, she doesn't want to believe it.

This must be a joke!

No way, No way, No way!

Deep into the mountains.

A towering rocky mountain stood imposingly. The land surrounding it was desolate, stripped of any signs of life. In the outskirts of Aldora, a dragon girl dashed through the rugged mountains' depths.

She had fair skin and glossy black hair. Her body was partially covered with dragon scales, strategically placed to accentuate her youthful curves. Her breasts and perky buttocks swayed cutely. Interestingly, her forearms and shins were also adorned with dragon scales and sharp claws, adding to her unique appearance.

Schwarz ran and ran, without looking back.

She is a close friend of a demon bandits chief ―― *cough*, a knight commander - indeed, she wasn't human, but -- even though she was the strongest race, a dragon - she had fled from the unbelievable, mind-boggling sight earlier.

――I, I didn't know the man's penis was like that.....

She still has vivid flashbacks of that scene.

When Teresa clung to his lips, he was wide-eyed - as if she would devour him (physically). However, she sucked his lips, and he sucked hers in return. Their tongues entwined, licking each other. Then he explored Teresa's body and sucked her breasts.

As Teresa pressed her lips against his, he was taken aback, wide-eyed, afraid as if she would devour him (literally). However, she sucked his lips, and he sucked hers in return Their tongues intertwined, engaging in a passionate exchange. Subsequently, he began exploring Teresa's body and sucked her breasts.

What was that? Weren't they supposed to mate?

Weird. Mating is supposed to be about getting on all fours, accepting the male penis, and the male releasing his seed after some thrust. And if it was humans, the female would lie on her back and accept the mating. Even so, it should have ended after insertion and release.

I don't know why, but humans - or similar races - need lube for mating... What's lube anyway?

Well, never mind.

But that wasn't good.

Desmond and Teresa engaged in the act ―― it was more accurate to describe it as "intimate." In the midst of it, Teresa undressed Desmond.

*Crack!*

And there,

Schwarz was horrified by what appeared there.

A rigid, upturned phallus. The dark red tip grotesquely swelled to the limit, with disgusting veins protruding along the thick shaft. He pierced Teresa with it. The penetrated female then screamed, moaned, writhed, and tossed her head back and forth in agony. And she climaxed...

That demon.

Her friend, her partner, a woman who had awakened her from eternal slumber, a female warrior who can fight her as equal despite that she's a human. She was fainting in agony as the sperm poured into her womb from the male's organ. She had never seen her tremble that much. Moreover, she was getting dominated, penetrated, and bounced uncontrollably, succumbing to exhaustion.

And now it was her turn.

――I can't do it!

At first, she thought it would be fine to receive his offspring. She thought it would be easy to get him erect and insert in with a quick release. But that... such an act...

The dragon princess's eyes are now teary. She tightly pursed her lips, as if to hold the tears. She wanted to transform into her dragon form and escape into the sky.

But if she did that, it would be her end. With a body of that size, she would be quickly discovered, and the male who made Teresa submit to him would catch her, no matter how fast she flew.

He must be coming after her somehow.

Teresa seemed to want him to fuck her too. With that phallus.

With that Dragon Slayer.

Schwarz couldn't help but remember that huge member that was still throbbing inside Teresa's. To think that she would be stabbed by something like that...

"Ugh... I don't want this..."

She mustered all her strength and kept running, like a helpless little girl trying to escape.

And then...

"Hey there!"

Schwarz's Dragon Heart is about burst out of her mouth at the voice.

She then turned around fearfully (without slowing down),

"Ugyaaaahhhh!"

She increased her speed.

Because what was chasing after her were demons with their horns out in the open. The place where the horn rises differs between the male and the female, one is fully erect.

"Why are you running away, Schwarz? You will get Desmond to dick you too! It feels really good! And you can bear his child!"

"We shouldn't if she doesn't want to....."

"She'll want it once she got penetrated!"

"As if that would happen!"

A demon and a male chased after the fleeing dragon.

However, it's inevitable.

Platinum blonde hair fluttered in the wind. Teresa, in her demonic mode, w was in an utterly indecent display—unlike Schwarz, she had lost the protective armor that hid her important parts. With a completely exposed chest and lower parts, her breasts danced (physically) as she swiftly moved her arms and legs at their maximum speed, her thigh jigging as the milky fluid from Desmond dripped down.

Having received Desmond's essence, she was lively and spirited. It was evident that she even had more energy than usual, even though she was human. She was running at a speed that could catch up with Schwarz, who had fled ahead of her.

Next to him was a naked young man. He chased after her, fully erect. Intent on violating her.

――How could I not run away from that?

If he may make an excuse, Desmond had no choice. After all, his sister had ripped his clothes to shreds. But why was he erect?

A. Because there were bouncing, massive breasts going wild next to him.

*Boing boing*♪

Even her nipples are fully erect.

By the way, he crossed his arms in front of his chest while running. It's commonly known as the "Top Ten Run" ――Reason? Just because.

"I'm comiiiiing!"

Being chased by a seductive, ferocious woman and a perverted lord, even a dragon had no choice but to run.

Schwarz's lips clenched.

【Dragon Flash】

*floosh*! A burst of light raced through the air.

The focused dragon breath targeted the perverts. Though it could be considered a powerful attack, in this case, it is being used like a schoolgirl's personal alarm for self-defense.

"Fuhahaha! I see, I see," the demon said. "Your body got cold while I was mating! I apologize. In that case, let me warm you up again before you get ravished. It really does feel amazing!"

【Demon God Claw】

Teresa swung her demon claw. The claws of the demon approached with overwhelming force, tearing a line through space.

A Force that seemed capable of piercing through space itself. She managed to slip past her claws like Desmond. But...

"Ha!"

【Demon God Claw - Return】!

Teresa controls her released magical power.

"Nyaa!"

Schwarz let out a voice resembling that of a kitten.

The demon's five claws entwined with the dragon's flash, twisted, and then...

"Huhyaaaa nyaahhh!!"

"I've powered up after Desmond filled me with energy! It's the power of love♪"

It seems Desmond gave the demon a golden rod.

Came the dying scream of the dragon.

The dragon girl's body spun around.

"Oi! Desmond! Restrain her!"

"Oh, oh....."

As instructed, Desmond manipulated the earth to restrain the dragon girl. Even though he was the lord...Was it because of the aura emitted by Onee-sama?

Firmly, the dragon girl was bound by the earth.

A naked man and woman approached her.

Schwarz's gaze was fixed on the towering Dragon Slayer.

Both her body and mind were captivated.

"U-Uwaahhh..."

With tears in her eyes, it seemed she had forgotten that she was a dragon. Even though she could still resist if she fought more, she remained motionless, restrained. Or was it because she couldn't bear to submit her female self to the aroused male, a male who knows about sexual desire and is lusting to fuck her? Desmond looked at the frightened girl before him and...

――I don't know what to do......

He wore a face that seemed to say so, but her eyes were focused not on his face, but rather on his lower head.

And then...

*grab*

The demon's hand grabbed the man's rod.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ohhh!"

I whimper shyly as I was held tightly by Onee-sama's demon grip. Her hold was careful not to hurt me with her nails. This woman, she's this skilled already.

"W-Wait a minute! Why are you stroking it right now?! Ahh... It feels good..."

Onee-sama had a happy expression on her face. "As I thought. Desmond seems to enjoy it even when treated like this. Look, look♪"

"Ohh, it feels... good. No, it feels good, but why? Oooh..."

*squelch * *squelch * In front of the confined dragon girl, Onee-sama handled my manhood. The dragon girl's eyes were still teary... I trapped such a girl with earth shackles and had my manhood caressed in front of her by Onee-sama...

Ahh... I feel like I'm awakening to something naughty...

Then, Onee-sama hugged me from behind with her naked body—Oh, please don't wrap your legs and breasts around me! And don't touch it... Kuuh!

"Fufufu, you violated me just a while ago, and now you're so cute. Unlike this one, still stands strong... Fufufu."

She rubbed my tip. While entwined with me, she licked my neck with her tongue. How does she know exactly where to tease? My manhood twitches within her grasp.

Then, Onee-sama rested her chin on my shoulder and looked at Schwarz with shining eyes. "How about it? Don't you want it? He's so cute... Surely, he'll make you feel good too."

——Schwarz, who had been taken aback with a slightly dumbfounded expression, returned to her senses and glared at me. ——Yeah, she's cute alright.

"I don't need it! There's no way something I let like that penetrate my body..."

At that moment, Onee-sama snorted and mock her, "Coward."

"What?" said the dragon girl, baring her fangs.

"Look," Onee-sama said, showing off my penis.

"Ngyaaa!"

Then Onee-sama tightly gripped my erect penis with both hands, as if trying to hide it,

"Not here anymore, Look."

"Ngyaaa!"

It's quite funny. I wonder if this is how the pervert in the coat flashing his stuff feels.

"Don't play with me! I'll chop it off!

"Sorry!" It can be resolved with an apology, the gentleman mustn't be held accountable.

Then,

"Fufufu! Very well, if you're like that, I'll have him all to myself. I'm not so kind as to share it with someone who is so reluctant."

I was patted on the head, but it was a lower head.

"Uoo..."

"Fufufu, you're twitching♪ It was the same when you're in my vagina..."

*Rubbing... rubbing...*

"Ugh, ku..." Sweet tingles of electricity spread through my spine. "Ahh..." I lifted my chin and thrust my hips forward, succumbing to Onee-sama's temptation.

"This is quite addictive♪" Please don't whispers in my ear. And with a wet voice too.

"So, Desmond, what makes you feel good? Tell me."

"Ugh... Please don't treat the tip so roughly, Onee-chan..."

*Twitch!*

It wasn't me who twitch. It was Onee-sama behind me.

"Fufu, fufufufu..." Somehow, her laughter is becoming scary. "Onee-chan huh?, Onee-chan, I see, ♪"

Damn it...

"Well, well, well! This Onee-chan will make you feel good. alright?"

Nooooo~, she whispers in my ear.

"Oh, it seems you like it when I breathe in your ear. *Phew*"

Oh, ku...

"Hmm? How about licking? *lick lick*..."

Ah, ah...

"Then how about eating it?"

No...not good~... My back is shivering..."Kuuu!"

Onee-sama's voluptuous body and sweet scent touched my body. Her hot lips, the sensuality of her tongue seeping into my ears... It's unbearable on its own, but being continuously teased with this soft and squishy flesh is just too much.

Also, she's doing this in front of Dragon-chan, who stared at me intently.

S-Stop it, you fetish investigation pervert... Ah...

"Hmm? Desmond, is there anything else you want me to do? How can I make you feel good? Squeeze my breasts? Lick them? Suck them? Mmm~?♪"

Onee-chan says while sucking on my earlobe. Kuuh... My anus unintentionally tightens. If we're going this far already, I might as well ask her.

"Well... I want you to sandwich it with your breasts, Onee-chan."

What the...! Why do I feel like I've lost something important! Charlotte and the others have done it for me countless times before!

Maybe it's the difference between giving orders, making requests, or begging.

And, Onee-chan Teresa...

"Fuha♪ So you want to put your penis between my breasts? These precious milk bags for nurturing your child?..."

Huh, huh? Was that too much?

"Such a violation❤," she says, looking very delighted.

I guess it is?

Moreover, not only that...

"Then—" Onee-chan kneels before me, bringing her beautiful face close to my penis, and sniffs it with a well-shaped nose while nodding approvingly.

Mmm, I love it.

She looks up at me with upturned eyes. By the way, her eyes are still red with black scleras. Those demonic eyes and horns....I can't help but worry that they might somehow pierce through my stomach or something...

I was fixated on her intense gaze.

"From now on, you shall be known as the Breaker! I could never have imagined that someone would use breasts like this. I, who was also a Breaker (Platinum breaker), have now been astray by you."

"I don't want such an approval! Besides, don't know what you're talking about!"

Besides, don't do something like an inheritance ceremony while looking at my penis!

"Fine then, I'll sandwich it."

*puff*

And I was enveloped by violent masses of carnal desire.

"Oh..."

"So, what should I do next? Just keeping it between my tits like this? Fufufu, Desmond is twitching inside my breasts... Mmm, the heat is transmitting to my breasts..."

Before I knew it, Onee-sama has already begun to rub me with her breasts.

"Fufufa, this seems like the correct answer. Good. Feel more. Drown in my breasts."

I-I'm drowning...!

Exquisite titty squeeze from both sides. It squeezes and engulfs the male's desire with a squishy, firm texture. Wow, my penis is being swallowed by her brown flesh...

".......Onee-chan, spits your drool there..."

"Hou! Drool....good! It's another violation ❤ Nnn...♪"

Slippery saliva slides between her breasts, following the extended red tongue.

"Fuha! I understand! So you want to reduce the friction! Now....feel free to fully savor the sensation of my breasts. Mmmm ..."

Then refills of saliva drip tantalizingly. Inside the depths of Onee-chan's breasts, I release my own arousal juices, making it even more slippery.

"Fuha, it's getting hotter... Ah... Is this....magic? Just rubbing your thing like this, makes my body hot... Haa..."

*Squelch, squish*, as my flesh member is squeezed between her brown breasts, both she and I panting heavily.

"Ah, Onee-chan's breasts...it feels good......" I got intoxicated by it, Forgetting our age and status.

"Fuhaha, isn't that good? Enjoy yourself more. My brother-in-law... Oh, you twitched. How adorable. Here, have some more saliva. Ngh..."

Soft, slippery, and melting.

"Haah, haah..." I could feel something approaching deep within my meat rod with each pant.

"Hmm?" Onee-sama tilted her head. "Your reactions have changed. Aha! I see! You're about to climax!" She looked up at me with crescent-shaped eyes, grinning mischievously.

The pressure on her breasts, the bouncing, and rubbing, became even more intense... and lewd.

"Good, let it out, ejaculate. Right here, inside my breasts!"

"Kkuu, ooh!" I moved my hips in sync with her movements. This is the ultimate paizuri. Just keep going, in her breasts....... no! I thrust my hips forward, emerge from her brown valley.

"Teresa! No, Onee-chan! Please, suck me! I want to cum in your mouth!"

In response to her stepbrother's plea (desire), Onee-chan...

"Alright ❤ Ha~puu!"

As soon as my penis was enveloped by her enchanting lips...

"Oh, ooooh!"

*Squish, squelch!* *Spurt* *Spurt* *Spurt*...!

"What, where did you ejaculate...? And....Teresa....."

I viciously pump it into her mouth in front of the dragon girl, who widens her eyes in surprise..... Ahh, it feels so good... "Haa, oooh..."

My penis, trapped between her lovely lips throbbed and pulsed. With each throb of my manhood, a load of my lust was shooting into her mouth.

"Mmmmfufu... ❤" Her breath tickled me.

What a sense of superiority. What a dark ecstasy.

But soon enough, I couldn't maintain that composure.

"Ngguu!" Teresa Onee-chan made a gulping sound without letting go of my tip. Then, "*suuuuuuck*..."

"Hwaa! A cleaning vacuum... hooo~aah... so good... wait! Hold on!!" I instinctively thrust my hips forward then stumbled backward.

Onee-chan's tongue mercilessly licked around my shaft. "*siip* *sluurp*.... *suuuuuuck*......!"

"No! Wait! Teresa, why are you so skilled so suddenly... kuuuu! Ah! stop! don't touch my balls!" She toyed with them, rolling them around. "Ohh... ah... ku... ho~aaaah!"

I tried to pull away, but the suction power was too much.

The brother-in-law is completely mesmerized by his Onee-chan.

"――Pu~ah!"

She need to swallow a second time, as I had given her generous refills.

"Fuhaha, it's bitter and has a strong smell, but I can see that it can be addictive."

It was the usual arrogant laugh, but that mouth smelled like sex. After all, she had been chewing it... She licked her tantalizing lips. The light in her red eyes was undoubtedly the radiance of a female intending to devour a male.

"I'd like to drink more, but this time, I want to swallow it with my lower mouth."

Her female dominance aura made my erection lose control.

I gulp down my saliva and said, "Well, how about you get on all fours and lift your butts up?"

"Oh! That's good!"

My sister-in-law enthusiastically got on all fours, presenting her powerful buttocks to me. The remnants of earlier creampie clung to her entrance, and fresh honey-like secretions overflowed, looking deliciously tempting.

――It's also cleanshaven.

Her brown, hairless mound, the lewd petals peeking out. A newly opened flower just moments ago. It was so pure and innocent that it was hard to believe it was hers. I grabbed her attractive and fascinating brown buttocks and rubbed my penis against her flesh valley, marking my territory.

"Fuha! Rubbing it without going in right away! It's like you're marking me! Good!"

Although she twitched a little, this woman is the type who enjoys it. I'll get her to experience being the bottom soon ——gufufu. I got carried away. I slapped her buttocks with my meat rod――she laughed fiercely. And after rubbing some of my pre-cum, I penetrated her petals.

"Ah, ha...ahhh!❤"

She expressed her pleasure with her entire body. She arched her back, and the sweat glistened on her like ripples like it's on the water's surface.

――Amazing... It feels so good!

This is only the third time we've done it, but what's with this adaptability? It clenched tightly and smoothly grip my flesh. Her cervix tightly clung to me... This is a dangerous vagina. Although I make her get on all fours and attack her from behind, it's me who is being attacked inside her.

"Take this!" I grabbed her explosive brown buttocks and began thrusting.

*Thud, thud!* *Squelch! Squelch!*

Despite the intense thrusting...

"Ha! Ahh❤, Fu haha♪ Ahhh!❤❤"

With her intense brown body wriggling, she thrust her hips against me. Her vaginal muscles tightened.

"this! Ohh!" *Thud, thud, squelch, squelch!*

Intense wet and flesh-slapping sounds echoed through the rocky mountain. We are just like wild animals. Engaging in such mating under the blue sky... no, it's too disrespectful to wild animals. We are beasts. Creatures driven by the carnal desires of mating, despicable creatures of lust...

"Ah! Ahhhh! I'm cumming! I'm cumming, Desmond! Ahh, hiiii!" Her body trembled violently.

However...

"Yes, good! More, make me cum more!*

"Tch, you monster!"

*Smack!* Without thinking, I slapped Teresa's buttocks.

"Ooooh! What was that? It sends my uterus trembling...ohhhh, more, more!"

*Slaaaap!*

"Hiiiii~yaaaaah! I cum, I just cum again. Fuhaha, fuhahaha!"

—This is sex, right? This person, gasping and laughing while climaxing.

What a powerhouse......!

But, how should I put it... When they enjoy sex with such fervor, it makes me want to enjoy it even more.

*Thrust*! I thrust deeply, stimulating her womb with each thrust. I'll pour it all in here. I'll implant my seed here and knock her up like a male should.

"Ahaa❤... It resonates in my brain! I can feel it, your determination to impregnate me❤. I'm being turned into a bitch ❤ ... Fuuhahaha!"

"So you seem to be enjoying it!" I pull back almost all the way out then slide in. I stimulate her G-spot, thrust, rub up and down, gyrate my hips, and engrave her as my exclusive hole.

"Ah, ah... My hole is memorizing your shape... Fuhaha, good, this is the first time I've been dominated❤ as a female! Ahh, aahh❤" Onee-sama jumps and twitches. "How many times have I cum already...? Haaah❤! My pussy is yours! Maybe I was born to be claimed by you. Fuhahahaaa! It's getting bigger, aahh! ❤ ❤"

――Well, I can't help it when you say that... Even though I haven't taught her anything, she already showing me this kind of performance. And those lines... Um, yeah, that's why Charlotte-chan falls for me. ――gufufu.

――And...

"I'm getting there, Teresa."

"Good! Pour it in! Let me show you how all of your semen will be accepted by this womb! Oh! Ahh! It's coming out. Inside my vagina... Aah... It's so hot, sticky... and it feels good... Ah, I'm cumming...!"

Trembling and shaking, Onee-sama accepts my semen on all fours, her legs shaking. I continue to pulsate inside her vagina.

――Haa.....I want to keep pumping more like this.......

――Oh... really?

......Hm? what is it now......?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Platinum Knights, led by Charlotte, departed from the Terrace residence. Their mission was to fix the mess created by their leader's bad behavior. It's truly unfair for subordinates to have to clean up after their boss, but the said superior's tanned backside is definitely covered in marks of their wrongdoing as much.

Would the girls be able to clean up that mess?

Under the blue sky, a group of beautiful young women rode on horseback. They moved with a disciplined precision, and whether it was because their commander had changed or not, their dignified demeanor was captivating to both men and women, regardless of some inappropriate sexuality. Their leotards were still tight-fitting and provocative. Even though they wore jackets on top, their exposed groins were too shameless. It must have been heart-wrenching for their families to witness, especially considering that many of these young ladies are from noble backgrounds. Among them was a prestigious carriage surrounded by these girls...

Inside the carriage was Charlotte, a platinum wavy blonde hair and large emerald eyes. Although she projected an air of youthful innocence, it was apparent that she was in her late twenties, precisely 29 years old. Her voluptuous body, full of curves, couldn't be fully hidden by her modest dress. And now, she was the current leader of <Platinum Mercenaries>... Cough, the <Platinum Knights>...

"Charlotte-sama, we have captured the attackers."

"Well done. Carry out the usual procedures."

"Ha." she was now having a disturbing exchange.

The attackers she was informed about were undoubtedly those who were in the service of the nobility. Including the lord who tried to take back his daughter upon hearing of Teresa's absence, those who thought it was time to settle the grudges and seek vengeance, those who attacked under orders from their superiors, etc.. etc.

――So annoying! There's no room for you here! all seats are sold out! Even if Teresa is not here, those who have been trained by her will not lose that easily After all, they have always followed and respected the leader, chasing after her, and undergoing training even against a dragon (in dragon mode) and the Knight Commander herself. They excel in both battles against monsters and humans, enjoying drinks and battles. With Charlotte, who possesses an immense amount of noble magic power, Katherine, who hones her combat skills day after day, and the former head of the Swift family's Shadow, Ephemera, the lineup is completely stacked.

While reaping unwanted harvests, the group was making its way to Desmond & the Knight Commander & the Dragon. They were following the direction of the dragon while gathering more information and using Charlotte and Desmond's "connection" to guide them...

The "connection" between Charlotte and Desmond was said to have been severed, but it wasn't completely cut off. It was a temporary disconnect. Or rather, in this situation, it could be described as having an obstacle hindering their connection.

There is a magic,【Barrier】that has been handed down from generation to generation by the woman of Terrace. It is called so for the sake of convenience and for its nature, but that's just the simple effect and concept of the spell.

Separate.

Charlotte once separated the area under Desmond's desk from the rest of the room and used 【sound proof】 to secretly sucking Desmond. Dividing the spaces under Desmond's desk and the world, separating them. It could be considered magic enhancement under limited conditions.

In other words, the 【Barrier】 is a spell that draws a boundary between two things.

Charlotte uses it against the space, including herself. Thus, she can create a pocket space. It remains to be seen what can be done by applying this... one can only look forward to future developments.

In contrast, Teresa separates her own "body" from the outside. The term "body" doesn't solely mean "physical body." It includes clothes and weapons, extending to things that can be used as her own "limbs". And it can even assimilate with other bodies...Even if the other party refuses, it will erode and hack through its magical power, separating it from others as part of its own "body".

She enhances the magic power density of her own body, rapidly overloading her【Magic Circuit】, and enables the manifestation of a high concentration of magical power resembling that of a dragon, as well as physical activation that surpasses ordinary people.

This is the reason why Desmond was unable to free his body after she took control of him. Desmond was being controlled as part of her "body." and his freedom of movement was taken away. But the "chicken-sense" was not responsive even though magic was permeating him, that's intentional for sure! traitor!

―― In a sense, Teresa discovered a strange sensation connected to the "body." she found the connection, and cut it off.

However, Teresa couldn't sever that connection completely.

What Charlotte gave to Desmond was the <Blessing of Ero Elf>. Having her bloodline awakened by Desmond, became a guardian, granting him blessings and one-sidedly forming a contract.

--Well, after the contract was formed, Desmond also asked for it, so the intensity of the contract increased mutually to the point of reaching a "flesh" level. And although it hadn't reached the level of "bone" yet, it wasn't subjected to any "obliterate" or "terminate". With overwhelming magical power and talent, it was impossible for it to be severed just by breaking it forcefully.

After a temporary connection failure, their "connection" was trying to recover. Charlotte not only pursued the whereabouts of the dragon but also relied on it to determine the direction.

And she realized.

――This direction...it leads to Aldora...

Originally, they were supposed to return here while indulging in lovey-dovey behavior. She leaned on the carriage window and let out a sigh.

"Haaah."

That sigh of a noble lady containing melancholy would have fetched a high price at an auction in a world that has eroticism.

"Charlotte-sama, if you let out a sigh, happiness will escape..." said Katherine. She was a beautiful woman with brown eyes, her red-tinted hair was professionally tied up, wearing a maid uniform.

What's more, she was Charlotte's half-sister, but Charlotte-chan was unaware of that fact.

"My happiness has already escaped. By the hands of onee-sama!"

She clenched her fist and grumbled. It was unbecoming for a noble young lady like her, but her appearance is nothing short of adorable. White flames swirl within her large, emerald eyes, and the reason for that is that her sister kidnapped her husband.....

"Yes, but..." Katherine calmly pointed at her mistress's belly and said, "Isn't happiness not there?"

"..... Katherine is so mean." letting out a sigh, Charlotte-chan gently strokes her own stomach.

*pat..*

It was a gesture just like her older sister. But that happy expression is something that her older sister. doesn't have yet. And she thought of her...

"...Onee-sama has always been mean to me since long ago. But she always apologizes in the end, like, 'Sorry, little sister! Fuhahahaha!' ."

Was there even a hint of remorse? Even so, it seemed that there were no lingering grudges. And Charlotte's imitation of her older sister was unexpectedly good.

Katherine stifled her laughter. "-fu" -- but she couldn't hold it back.

"...this time is different..." White flames flickered in Charlotte's eyes. Katherine braced herself a bit.

"But..." her tone wavering.

"It's also true that as an ero elf, Onee-sama also has the instinct to find a partner as well... And when it comes to a man who can match up with Onee-sama, there's only Desmond-sama... Ugh, uuuhhhh..."

Katherine didn't understand the meaning of Charlotte's words. However, when she thinks of Teresa, who was like an arrogant personified, she could agree that there was no man other than Desmond who could match her and captivate(fuck) her.

"...Ugh, uuuhhhh... But, I will get him back..."

The maid stared at the troubled Mistress with warm eyes.

And then, at that moment...

"Huh!?"

Charlotte-chan flinched.

*thump*

"Desmond-sama...?" In front of confused Katherine, Charlotte certainly heard the voice of her beloved. Her eyes shrine and trembled,

Haa.....I want to keep pumping more like this.......

――"..... heh?"

Even though a white flame-like aura was rising from her, why is it turned cold all of a sudden?

Katherine quietly averted her gaze and closed her eyes.

◇

While Charlotte, the younger sister, was being shaken in a carriage, her older sister, Teresa, was bouncing on her younger sister's husband whom she had taken away...

On the soft and safe earth mat made by Desmond's magic, Teresa straddled Desmond and moved her hips in a cowgirl position.

*Squelch, squish!* Her sensual movements create captivating wet sounds.

The dynamic vertical movement was accompanied by the lively wriggling of her hips.

"Ah, ahn, haaah❤❤! It feels so good! Inside...so deep inside! Oh, hooohhh❤❤!"

Inside the howling beauty, the male's organ thrust fiercely, lifting her up.

Her platinum blonde straight hair writhed like serpents. Fierce demon-like horns on her head. The brown-skinned beauty soaked in the scents of femininity, her body immersed in ecstasy. Even with black and red demon eyes, her face is still sexy, albeit quite terrifying as she indulges in pleasure. The crimson veins, as if responding to her delight, shone ever brighter.

"Aaah, so good❤!"

Her back arched as she clenched her teeth. Her bomb went on a rampage, and the pink tip was erect. The thick trunk, filled with pulsating blood vessels, pierced into the shaved garden of the woman. The frothy lewd fluids stuck to it as Teresa pressed her hips against it, greedily enjoying the pleasure.

Her body bounces again. And Desmond as thrusts his hips vigorously from below. The demon's sensuality bursts forth.

"Ahh...! Unn, ku~u ❤ Desmond, you're so strong, too strong! Ahh, to think that I... would be like this... I might not be able to live without you...anymore Ahh, haaa ❤ I never imagined that I would ride on top of a man, not on horses or a dragon... Ahh... my womb... is penetrated ❤"

Each time her body trembles, desire overflows from her pussy.

"Ah... it's so tight..." Desmond utters dreamily. "Your cervix is sucking on me, milking my seed, oh...... oh....."

He thrusts his hips with the instinct of a stallion.

"Hyii, ahhhh! It rubs, it spreads me! I can no longer live without Desmond's penis..." She wriggles her waist lovingly, lost in ecstasy.

And...

"It's a 'cock', Teresa, not a penis. And where you're being penetrated by is a 'pussy.'"

This man was getting carried away.

"Fuha ♪ 'cock,' what a sacrilegious sounding word. I like it! Fuhaha, I have Desmond's pussy in my cock....."

"It's the other way around, you stupid!" Desmond grabs Teresa's waist firmly, rotating his hips and thrusting deeply. The restrained high-speed piston exploded relentlessly.

"Fuhiii~ aaahh❤" Teresa's head shot up.

While convulsing, she accepts it with a lustful expression.

"Faa, haaaaaa~ ❤❤ I'm-! I'm cumming~ ❤ My pussy is being defiled by Desmond's cock! Ahiiii ❤❤"

"Well done!"

*spluuurt*!

"Aaaa~~~~ ❤❤❤"

Desmond poured his reward as if celebrating. The meat missile continues to pour semen deeper into the welcoming cervix and expands it.

"Ah, aa... haaaaaaa..."

Being filled with the male juice, Teresa trembles with joy. With a satisfied expression, she collapses onto Desmond.

He embraces Teresa. Her breasts flatten against his muscular chest, and her nipples harden. No matter how demonic she may look, Desmond feels affection for her as she accepted his sperm. He combs her platinum blonde hair with his fingers and pats her head gently.

That's unfair.....

Ah, did I hear something again?

"Hufufu... How far do you intend to make me submit?" Onee-sama gazed at him, and with a slightly embarrassed expression. Their lips touched. "Nn, *smack, kiss, kiss...*"

Their tongues intertwined, exchanging saliva. Deep within her, the unyielding firmness joyfully twitched and responded.

"*Chup, chup*"

The bridge of saliva is cut off as their tongues separate.

"Fuhaha, you're really amazing. You ejaculate so much. My womb is already so full of your seed. Fufufu❤" Teresa lovingly strokes her belly. "It's hard to believe that so much is inside here."

She gently fondles and rolls his testicles.

"Ohh, ku... It feels good, Onee-chan..."

"Fuhaha! That makes my pussy tighten, you know that? Here, suck on my breasts..."

Teresa lifts up her massive breasts and brings the pink, erect nipple closer to his lips.

*Suck, slurp, lick, lick...* "Mmm, delicious."

"Mmm, that's it ♪ Haahh... Hmm... Eventually, Desmond's child will suckle on my breasts... But a baby surely won't suck like this. Mnaaa... Mmm ❤"

Onee-chan satisfied.

But there was a person (?) who looked at the two of them with exasperation.

――Yes, it was the dragon girl Schwarz.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"――No, how long are you guys gonna keep doing this...? You two want to stay in your own world? Fine...but just release me already..."

Her haggard appearance made it hard to believe that she was a dragon. She had dragon horns on her head and a dragon tail, but there she was, an innocent girl who had been exposed to the lasciviousness of men and women, and she trembled in fear, wondering when it would turn towards her. She remained bound by Desmond's magical shackles. Nothing but a victim. A gentleman would have been much more gentle. However, who was the person she initially joined and pursued? By the way, she could have broken the restraints if she had wanted to, but it seems that the restraints on her heart were even worse.

――Ugh, it's going to haunt my dreams...

Repeatedly being shown the vigorous thrusting of strong male genitalia into female genitalia in front of her. Because she had a keen sense of smell and hearing, the scene was burned into Schwarz even when she close her eye. The splashes of fluids, the alluring appearance of the woman panting and reaching climax, the pulsating of the male member as it released its essence into the depths of the vagina.... The impact was immeasurable compared to ordinary men.

It's true that Teresa seemed to be enjoying herself and appeared joyful. However, her inhumanly intense movements and desires could be described as overpowering rather than simply joyful. Yes, It's like a traumatic experience when a child sees an adult's sexual intercourse.

"Uuu..." Dragon-chan was on the verge of tears. However, if she were to say something like that...

"Oh, are you feeling lonely being left out?"

"No!" Despite raising her voice, Dragon-chan's meaning didn't reach through Onee-sama, who nodded happily while holding her in his arms.

She...

"*Smooch*."

...gave her beloved a kiss, "*Chu*." "Mmm, *chu*." "*Slurp, slurp, slurp...*"

――How many times are they going to do that?

Before Schwarz's lifeless eyes, Teresa leaned in and kissed Desmond, as if draining his soul. When she tried to get up, she noticed her legs were a bit weak. Blushing, she chuckled and laugh, "Fuhaha." before finally managing to stand.

With a *pop*, the flesh plug was pulled out...

*Splat, plop, drip...*

Thick, jelly-like white fluids spilled out from her petals.

"Ugh, uwaah....." This added another trauma for Schwarz.

"Oh, what a waste. *slurp*..." She slurped it up from Desmond's belly, enjoying the taste as she chewed. She also cleaned his thing with her mouth.... "Mmm♪ haa~❤"

How many traumas does Schwarz have now?

"Alright..."

And Teresa stood naked proudly.

"Wanna do it?"

"No way!"

The dragon girl bared her fangs. Desmond sat calmly with his legs crossed, deciding to observe. But the big sister wasn't going to let him off that easily.

"Desmond, come over here!"

"Don't come!"

...

Desmond compared the two, and

He quietly...

stood by big sister's side.

*stab*!

The dragon's tearful eyes pierced him. Sweating nervously, Desmond averted his gaze.

"Fufufu, it seems Schwarz wants it too."

"What makes you think that?!"

"Everything!"

Onee-sama declared.

"Yeah, that's right. That's right, huh? You're always like this..." ――sighed.

Schwarz was getting tired of it all. It felt like she were about to melt away. And

"Teresa, I don't want to do it with someone who doesn't want it, okay?"

Schwarz's eyes lit up at Desmond's words.

"But I want Schwarz to experience the pleasure of women too."

*Stroke...*

She said while stroking her lower belly as if making a firm declaration. There's absolutely no chance this woman would easily yield to others' words.

"Just the tip then!"

――How do you know such words, Teresa?

Ero elf × Charlotte's Onee-sama... Desmond had a bad feeling bubbling up inside him.

And Schwarz knew that she wouldn't listen to her

"...F-Fine... Just the tip."

"Oh!" Onee-sama's face lit up with joy.

*Bounce*!

Little Desmond expressed his happiness as well.

"Hiiii!" The dragon's eyes get teary again.

◇

"Fuah... Ah... *lick*... *lick*... It's hot....and throbbing... Uuuu... *lick*..."

Oh... It feels good... The clumsiness of it is quite something...

Standing with crossed arms, under the supervision of the knowledgeable Onee-sama, I had my member licked by the dragon girl, who was still restrained with shackles.

Her red tongue twirls around my erect organ.

"...*lick*, *lick*..."

The clumsy technique of a beautiful girl. Moreover, she had tears in her eyes, as if urging me to ejaculate quickly. Because of that, it would be a waste to finish so soon!

The shaft trembled and throbbed as it swelled from the feel of the dragon girl's tongue. The desire at the tip overflowed, staining her tongue, and dripped down.

"Ugh... It's bitter... and smells... Why does Teresa make this looks so delicious... Ugh..."

I was so excited to see her flickering tongue while saying that. With dark desire, my penis twitched uncontrollably.

"Uue... *lick*..." Schwarz stuck her tongue out and licked up the underside.

"Ohh... Good..." She's not skilled by any means, but it's good when an inexperienced beauty licks and does things despite not enjoying it.

――Hm? Didn't I say I don't want to do it forcibly? What are you talking about! She's willingly doing it herself!

――The suspect has confessed...

"*Lick, lick*... Ah, it's better to also lick the tip too, right? Then how about put it in my mouth..."

"Please, by all means!"

"Why are you so enthusiastic.....smiling like that.....But I'm restrained, I can't reach it... so why don't you..... bring the tip of your penis to my mouth yourself?"

"Yes, gladly!"

"This guy really enjoying it... Ah... The tip smells so strong....it's making me dizzy... Fu... it's touching..."

I adjusted my erect rod and aimed the tip toward Dragon-chan's trembling lips. Her petal-like lips and my swollen glans create a sinful contrast. I push my hips a little forward...

"*sip*.... *slurp*.... *suck*..."

Kuhha! She's sucking on this grotesque thing with such cute lips... Ahh... how immoral!

"Hey, wait a minute! Something just came out! It's not pee, is it?"

"No, it's not, don't worry." I couldn't help but think, What should I reassure her with? "It's just some excited juice that came out because I was so happy that Schwarz licked me."

――I've come a long way just by saying that out loud. I can't go back to being normal anymore.

"I see, then it's fine. *Chuu*, *suck* *suck*..."

――Huh? She is blushing a little, could it be that she's actually enjoying it? Maybe this is the legendary Simple-gon...[1]

"Unn, Nn, *chup chup*..."

Kuuu! What is this? It's so soft, it's like she's sucking a baby's pacifier. She watches me with upturned eyes as she sucks on me as if asking 'Does this feel good? Does my mouth feel good? '

I couldn't help but stroke her head.

Her hair is so silky smooth! Ah, she's gazing into my eyes while servicing me... It feels good for me to touch her, and it feels good to be sucked...

I slowly sliding finger...

"Nn, mmmmmm..."

Oh, her horn is so hard! I can't help but notice that she makes naughty sounds when I rub the base of her horns. I lower my finger and tickle her ear...

"Fuuu..." My pubic hair is gently brushed by her breath. "Nn, nghh..."

"Oops, sorry. I was feeling so good my hips moved a little."

I instinctively pulled back my hips, but "If it feels good, why don't you just keep it in? Dragons are tough, so go ahead, get your penis in here. Mmm."

While extending her lovely pink tongue, Simple-gon-chan opens her adorable mouth.

――Hmm, this Simple-gon girl! Moreover, she's not scared now...

"Do you like sucking it?"

"Huh? There's no way I would! I just found your embarrassed face amusing! That's right! It's just that when I suck the overflowing liquid, my head gets dizzy and I feel floaty, but it doesn't mean I want more, okay?!"

"....." My penis doesn't produce drugs, you know? Or does it mean that human sperm acts as an aphrodisiac for Dragon?

"So, hurry up, hurry up and get your penis in here!"

"Y-Yeah. (Thrust)"

I pushed the pole down into Simple-gon-chan's hot mouth.

"Fuuh, n, nuuuu."

She eagerly licked and sucked. it's ticklish. But I want a little more stimulation.

――This girl is sturdy, right? The dragon said so herself, so it should be fine.

I pushed my hips forward, submerging deeper...

"Nfuuh, n, nuu... ❤"

Wha! I feel like I saw a heart mark deep in this girl's eyes. It must be my imagination, right!? Please tell me it's my imagination! The strongest creature in Legends wouldn't be this easy. That sounds like the title of some light novel, but I want someone to understand my confusion...

"Nuu, n, n... ❤"

Before I knew it, I was somehow gripping her soft cheeks and moving my hips.

"There's an easier place to hold, you know? There."

Dragon-chan, who seemed both perplexed and expectant at the voice of her bad friend, looked up at me.

Then I...

"Nnnn ❤" Her voice sounded submissive when I grabbed her horns.

――That means good, right? In that case.....

"Fuuh! N, nuuuu ❤❤"

Y-You little masochis dragon!

I moved my waist and ravaged the lovely dragon-chan's throat. I rubbed the spewing tip oh her cheeks, her palate, and the back of her throat―― "Nnoooh, nghuu, fuuuuuu ❤❤"

If you enjoy it that much then I won't hold back!

"I'm going to cum, Schwarz. I'll ejaculate in your mouth! Take it all without spilling a drop, swallow it all! Ooooh!" A violent beast roar escapes my mouth.

I grabbed the dragon's horns and thrust my waist forward.

"Nhoo, ooooooh ❤❤"

She convulsed, arching her back, her eyes rolling back as I ejaculated mercilessly into her throat.

"Ooo, oo ❤❤"

Dragon-chan trembled.

――Hey, are you cumming? She's a virgin, right? And even though she's a dragon, I don't think she knows anything about eroticism.

And yet, why...

"Nguh, n, goh, *gag*, *gag*... ❤..."

With her thin, smooth throat, she accepted the male desire that was slammed into her.

[/b]

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fuhhee, fuhhaa... haaaaa.. My body feels....so hot... aaah, haaaan... ❤"

――Um... What's wrong?

"Fuhaha! You're totally smitten! I understand now! you see, it is Desmond's semen that has turned Schwarz into a fertile and eager bitch in heat!"

Fuhahahaha! Onee-sama stood proudly in front of me, completely naked, with her brown breasts exposed. She crossed her arms under her chest, her nipples erect, and my semen sticking to her hairless garden...

――Oh, that's so cool...

That's what I thought, and I realized I had broken a lot of taboos. I wonder if I can return to the human world where people have to wear clothes. I want to be human again!

And then, the demon Onee-sama peered into Schwarz's eyes, her breasts bouncing.

"Now, fuck her!"

"No, it's not right!"

"Said the who made me suck and swallow?"

"...Ugh, guh..." ――This bastard, even though she's a taboo breaker, she spouts suck logical arguments...

"Come on, come on, the ripe, eager female is right in front of your face!"

And she began to explore Schwarz's body.

"Hyann! S-Stop... Haaan, nnnh ❤"

Teresa grabbed her chin and stole her lips in a 【Chin flick】. The wriggling movement that can be seen on Schwarz's cheeks indicated that she was being tongued with great intensity.

"Nnn, nngh..."

As Teresa guided Schwarz's hand to her own breasts, Schwarz instinctively began to fondle them. Squeezing, rubbing... The brown bombshell's breasts deformed with the fingertips of the fair beautiful young girl's hand... ――Don't know about anyone else, but I certainly have no problem with this! My eyes widened as my member throbbed.

"Nguh, nngh..."

At the same time, Teresa herself started rubbing and kneading Schwarz's small tits. Even with the dragon's scale o... W-What!?, So they can be removed just like that?... W-Well, it's unexpectedly educational!

"Nnngh, fuhh..."

Schwarz's nipples were already swollen. The brown beauty pinched and twisted them with her fingers.

"Nnngh, fuuuu... ❤"

Schwarz was already letting out sweet gasps. When Onee-sama's fingers pulled on her nipples, she twitched and writhed cutely.

I was also twitching.

Onee-sama beckoned me with her hand. Her palm facing upwards, it's a provoking gesture. I, in response to her invitation...

"Nnngh... Fuhhaa. You. Why are you coming over here ... ❤ Stop..."

――Um, it means you want me to do it, right? I understand.

I haven't earned the title of a lord who has bedded various women for no reason.

"Mmmm ❤! Mmmmmmmmmm....."

I followed Onee-sama's lead and tried stealing a kiss from Dragon-chan. And to my surprise, she extended her tongue and eagerly responded.

――Thank you for the treat!

"Nnnu... Nn, huuuum... ❤"

"Oh, you're even more attached to Desmond than I me." Onee-chan bullies my nipples, causing them to become erect.

"Fuhiii... Nnngh... ❤❤"

"Alright then, I shall accompany you..."

"Mmm! Mmm-mm, mmn... ❤"

Ummm, so this is a dragon's nipple. I wonder what lies beneath little Schwart-chan's... ――Gufufu Well, earlier Onee-sama removed the nipple scale like this then... There you go! Ha, it came off so easy!

Upon seeing that, Onee-sama widened her eyes. ――Why is that?

"...Hmm, impressive, Even I took a while to remove them from Schwarz... and so fast too... Fuhaha, a woman's enemy indeed."

"Stop! I don't want to hear that coming from your mouth of all people!"

"It was not a mistake for me to bestow upon you the title of a Breaker. It makes me stand proud."

"The only thing that stands out is those horns on your head!"

"Are you sure you're not talking about a horn between your legs?"

"....."

"....."

"Hahha~a!"" *clap*! And we high-fived.

――This is probably what they mean by making bad friends.

And so, my fingers immediately began exploring Schwarz's private place.

――The enemy of women?

Then there's no need to hold back!

It's all wet and squishy. There's no choice but to explore, right?

"Ah, nnnh, ah, ahh, ah... ❤"

――Umm, such a nice sound. And the folds are perfect. No hair either, and the sensation is extraordinary. Then, Onee-sama took Schwarz's hand and made her grasp my flesh horn.

*stroke*, *stroke*, Schwarz-chan skillfully strokes it up and down.

With that, this dirty old man's fingers got excited.

"Indeed, this is what a breaker should be."

Let's not worry about the previous generation's approving nods for now...

As the raging meat tower was jerked off, my hips moved involuntarily. Determined not to lose, I moved my fingers, "Hah, nghh ❤"

――Haah, the enchanting voice is so irresistible.

I rubbed the tightly closed slit thoroughly, and I caressed the cute little clit that was puckering prettily on top. I peeled back the skin and give it a little squeeze.

"Eeek, hiiiii!"

"Oh? Schwarz seems to be having quite a reaction." Onee-sama peered in with great interest.

"Oh, come to think of it, I haven't played with Teresa's clitoris yet." It's definitely not a small thing to ignore, but the more fiercely I thrust, the more she enjoys it.

I pinched the small meat pearl and twirl my finger around...

"Ah, ahhhh, hiiiiii ❤"

"It's a woman's weak point," I said with a smile.

Onee-sama smiled as well. "A woman's enemy ❤"

How far will I deviate from the right path with my bad friend? Can I return to Charlotte-chan's place with a pure mind?

And so, I continued to play with Schwarz's little bean and loosened her slit, making squishy sounds as I did.

(――It's too late.)

"Ah, ahh, Desmond... forgive me... please... aahh... ❤"

If you say something like that, there's no way I can forgive you... gufufu.

"Hi, aahh! ❤❤!"

When I flexed my finger, Schwarz's delicate body twitched.

"Truly a Breaker."

Says onee-sama, but are you sure it wasn't mean "criminal"?

But at this point, I was not going to stop.

I leaned over to the drooling, droopy, slack-jawed Schwarz. Her vacant eyes wandered and her gaze fell on my erect cock.

"Fuhyaaaa... I-I'm not ready for... y-your thing... in m-my... my vagina!"

"No, I'll put it in. Schwarz is too cute. I'll penetrate you and ejaculate inside."

Those were the words of a criminal. I traced her lady's private place with the tip of my speak, soaking it.

"Fufa, fuaaaa..." Every time my glan touched her clit, Schwarz trembled. Yet there was no sign of refusal.

Well then, I'm grateful to all the virgins.

*Squelch...*

"Kuuh, so tight..."

"Ah, ah! My crotch...it's spreading... ahhhh!"

I felt a plop and something break, I pushed my erect stamen into Dragon-chan's nest. Her flesh tightly squeezed me, as if surprised. The overwhelming sense of domination and ecstasy made me tremble inside her vagina.

"Ah, ahh... uaaahh... It entered... It entered..."

Tears streaming down her face, the trembling Dragon beauty."

Thank you, Schwarz."

I gently patted her head fondly.

"Fuuuu..."

Hmph, Simple-gon...

I continued to pat her for a while. And while I was at it, I squeezed her small breasts...pinch her nipple. ――True that there are no good or bad when it comes to tits.

And as I continued like that for a while,

After a while."

H-Hey...D-Desmond?"

"Hm? What's wrong?"

"Aren't you... going to move? You feel better for you that way, right? And... and for me too..."

Blushing, she averted her gaze from me.

I'm sorry for calling you Simple-gon Dragons are truly the strongest creatures.

"Huh? What's with that look? Why Teresa is smiling like that...? Fwaaaan❤! Don't suddenly move, you idiot!Aghh, ahh...❤ Ohhhh... not good..... nn, ahhhhh ❤❤ so deep... It won't work...Ahh, ahhhh...❤❤"

I thrust my hips in the tightest pussy I've ever had. Hah, this feeling that she hasn't loosened up yet. The feeling of imprinting my shape onto this flesh. I proceed carefully, satisfying her without hurting her.

squeaking, swirling... Stirring the new passage.

"Faaah, hah, ohhh... you're breaking me.....I'm....going crazy.....❤"

Her bubbling valva is the best The dragon young lady writhes and moans, gasping for breath. Her long black hair spreads out like scattered petals as I continue to thrust my hips.

"Fuhhh... D-ded, Dejumond..." If she said in a sweet voice like that, "Nnnn, nnuuu... ❤"

I put my lips against hers and twirl our tongues together.

"Fuhh, ahh..." When my finger touches her, she responds eagerly. Our hand grips together. Her melting eyes gaze at me up close.

I rocked my hips and made the dragon girl moan with sweet voices.

"Haa...how envious, Schwarz... me too... hmmm..."

Beside me, Onee-sama starts playing with her core with squishy sounds.

You're adapting too fast!

"Hah, ah, ahhhhh❤" Schwarz drooled, her tone melted.

I felt my desire to ejaculate, my desire to conquer swelling up for this panting, cute strongest creature. As Onee-sama said, this female is ripe for impregnation. I want to impregnate her...!

"Haa... Schwarz, I'm about to cum... I'll ejaculate and impregnate you okay? is it good...?"

A Criminal act approach with excitement.

And."

Huh?! Ah, wait, that...!"

"Eh? Not good?" I pleaded directly to her uterus. I knocked on the cervix, *tap-tap*.

"Ah! ❤" Schwarz recoiled. "Haa, ah! It's, it's-it's not bad, being impregnated is fine, but..."

"Well, it's fine then!" I become more forceful.

Inside Schwarz's vagina, I trembled. swelled, and the tip docked at her cervix And then ejaculation began.

"Fuhaaaaaan! ❤❤❤"

"――Eh?"

Each time my member shook, Schwarz let out an indecent voice, and her body bounced up.

"Oooh, ooh, hoo, ooooh! ❤❤!"

"Are you alright...? Uoooh!"

With eyes rolling back into her head and stretching tongue, the dragon girl beauty trembled and convulsed. I hurriedly tried to pull out, but with her legs that stretched out, she locked me ―― and deep inside her, I continued to ejaculate.

*Splurt, Splurt, squelch, squelch*...

"Hahiiiiin! ❤❤❤ This, this is incredible!... Ha, it's... so hot, my body feels weird! ❤❤❤"

Clearly, she wasn't alright.

What in the world is.....?

"Oh, this is..." said the onee-sama. "Schwarz seems to be affected by the magic power contained in Desmond's semen. It's quite pleasing for me, but for Schwarz, being a dragon, it must be much more intense."

"What! What are you talking... Oh!"

I was embraced by Schwarz, who held her head and sucked my lips. Tenderly, greedily. Schwarz entwined her tongue with mine.

"Fuhaha, how passionate. ――Since Desmond draws out magic power from the world and uses it, Schwarz seems to be the closest with magic power right now. A rich semen imbued with the magic power... Desmond's semen turns a dragon fertile... Fuhaha, I'm envious. Just by thinking about it, it makes my womb throb."

To be honest, I still didn't understand what she was talking about, but what I understood was that apparently, my semen was equivalent to an aphrodisiac for Schwarz, the dragon.

So, in other words, I was practically having a chemsex?

――I guess I should turn myself in now.

Even so, my male organ, driven by the moment, continued to pulsate relentlessly inside Schwarz's vagina.

"Mmm, nnnn... nnnnn! ❤"

Schwarz clung to me, sucking on my mouth without letting go... Her hips also slid and rocked back and forth... Haah, it feels good...

I continued to ejaculate inside a Simple-gon, who seemed to be in a constant state of climax.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah... ❤"

"Ahii, aaahh, amazing, breaking, I'm breaking... ❤"

*slap* *slap* *slap* *slap**slap*

The sound of flesh pounding echoed in the mountains. Before me stood a beautiful brown-skinned woman and a beautiful girl, both exposing their bare ass. I had lost count of how many times I had ejaculated inside them, but there was no way I would ever grow tired of these girls' bodies. I thoroughly enjoyed their holes from behind.

*slap*, *slap*! Teresa's vagina was resilient, squeezing tightly when getting penetrated. The top-quality folds wriggled against my pole. I caught her narrow hips and slammed my hips into her bouncing big ass. I can hear the sound of her ass as it bumps into me - even her rosebud is in full view.

――Gufufu, I'll eventually intrude into that hole too.

With my lust raging, I pressed against her, intending to taste those voluptuous fruits to the fullest, I pulled her fully erect nipples.

"Hiiiiinnn ❤❤."

Her vaginal walls tightened, and her cervix sucked me in. Then I ejaculated deep inside her, and my seed surged with increasing desire.

"Ah, han, haaaaan ❤ Desmond's thing entering me! impregnating me ❤ Ahn, it feels good..."

My meat cannon jumped and jerked within Onee-sama's passage.

And after finished pouring plenty of semen inside her,

"Aah, aauuuhhh! it's coming in..."

Uugh, Schwarz is so tight. What a pleasure it is to mold this inexperienced hole to my liking.

And the way she was lifting her tail and shifting it to make way for me was just wonderful, like she was asking me to copulate with her. Well then, this uncle will mate you a lot and give you plenty of creampies... gufufu.

"Auuhh, haaaann, aaahhhn ❤❤"

Dragon, is truly the most easy... cough, the strongest creature. Despite receiving my semen, which seems to have an aphrodisiac effect, deep within her, she never bends her knees even when her legs tremble. It's quite an enjoyable experience to thrust into this innocent girl from behind.

"Ah, aaahhhh ❤" I held her slender waist and pounded away.

Pressing against her, licking her neck, and kneading her small breasts. "Ahhh... my nipples are going to come off... ❤"

That sounds terrible. Despite thinking such things, I ejaculated while twirling her dragon nipples. "Hiyaaaan~ ❤❤❤ you're ejaculating inside my vagina again... ahh... ❤ Desmond's seed is seeping in..... ❤❤"

*splish*, *splish*, *slpash*...

Oh my, Oh my, is she wetting herself? I certainly have no problem with it at all! Absolutely!

"Fueee, ahiiii... ❤"

The dragon girl, with her eyes rolling back and her body trembling, continues to lift her buttocks up without bending her knees, even after being ejaculated inside her vagina with aphrodisiac semen (for dragon only). Now, should I continue without a break, try a different position, switch back to older sister, or perhaps do some licking?

The list keeps expanding. ――gufufu.

And just when I smiled lustfully....

"Des-sama is impregnating a dragon.......Amazing, "

"――Eh?"

...................

While thrusting the baby-making rod into the innocent dragon girl's vagina, which had been violated and impregnated by me thoroughly, I turned my head stiffly towards the sound.

"Monica...?"

With her dog ears and dog tail, symbols of the sin I committed, she stood there dressed in a dirty maid outfit. A free-spirited girl with a flaxen short haircut and healthy, sun-kissed skin stood before me, her round eyes shining. ――The respect she shows is too dazzling!

And next to her is, "Sophie too..."

She tied her hair at the nape of her neck and tips, and unusually for her, she was wearing trousers and a blouse,...... which make sense if she was going to come to a place like this, but she still look feminine. Wait? Monica being here is not strange, but Sophie? "Sophie, are your body okay? coming to a place like this."

As I said that, Sophie suddenly startled and blushed a little.

"I-It's fine. Because I wanted to meet Desmond-sama..."

――Oh, cute.

But that means...

They came here to rescue the lord, who got snatched by the demon Onee-sama and the dragon. It's surprising that they found my location so easily and even managed to come all the way here. It's like a mix of happiness and, I don't know....slight embarrassment... but the person in question is relentlessly violating the two supposedly kidnappers from behind...

――What should I do about this guilt!

Maybe I should laugh it off, "Fuhahahaha!" (With the tone of 'I'll become the King of P●rate') But I don't have the courage to imitate Onee-sama.

While fully inserted in Schwarz's vagina, completely naked...

*step step step*! *Thud*!

"Des-samaaa~! I missed you~!"

Monica jumped at me with all her might.

*Thunk!* The impact was passed on to Schwarz, who was still penetrated.

"Ohhyee! Fuhyaa~, aaahh... ❤"

Trembling, the embarrassingly liquid dripped from the dragon's crotch... ―― This dog, she dealt the first blow to the dragon. Using me to attack!

Impossible, an immediate display of dominance!? A dog riding a dragon!? I don't think she's that type of girl, but since she's from a warrior village and all, I can't say it's impossible...

And the demon older sister was.... "Ohh! To remain unfazed even after seeing our current disastrous state, you two must be Desmond's woman!"

Disastrous state... Teresa called it that... Well, she's not wrong...

"That's right! Both Sophie-san and I are Desmond-sama's women♪ I've already been impregnated. Sophie-san hasn't yet, but I think it's just a matter of time."

*beam*♪ The fifteen-year-old dog girl made a peace sign. And next to her, Sophie said, "Indeed, I'm expecting a second child with Desmond-sama soon..."

................

"............"――Perhaps my head should be on a spike after all.

"Fuhahaha! I see, that adds it. We are also Desmond's women now. Let's get along as his women from now on. Fuhahaha!"

"In this case, it's called 'Pole Sisters'. Charlotte-sama said so."

"Hoh! Pole Sisters, you say! That sounds pretty brazen♪ Very well, from now on, we shall all be the Pole Sisters. Fuhahahahaha!"

"Fuhahahahahaha!"

"Fuhaha, you have quite a good laugh, Doggo. Excellent! That lady over there! let's laugh too. Oh, Aren't you a cutie?"

"Eh? Hahaha, haha?"

"More, do it with your belly!"

"Haha, fuhahahaha!"

"Um, good!"

The eldest sister nodded with satisfaction. So this is what they call the art of winning people's hearts with charisma. ――Huh? What about my charisma you asked? Do you think I have any? (Deadpan)

"Ahh, auuu..." Only Schwarz couldn't laugh, her eyes rolled back in her head.

――Hmm, truly a disastrous state...

◇

"Well then, shall we go back?" Sophie said casually.

"Oh, that's right." ――I'm sorry.

"Everyone is worried about you."

"I've caused trouble." ――I'm really sorry for getting carried away!

"No, more importantly, I'm glad you're safe."

"I'm sorry."

"Sorry about what?"

"――Well..." ――I really don't know why, and it's frustrating.

Returning to Aldora.

Yes, it was an overwhelmingly logical next step. However,

――I don't have any clothes...

My clothes were ruthlessly torn apart by the hands of the Demon Onee-sama. Like this *shrrrrrrk*. And I must add that both the Onee-sama and Schwarz were completely naked... Well, Schwarz is a dragon, so if she returns in dragon form... she can fly in the sky, killing two birds with one stone!

That, if I ignore the chaos caused that may by the appearance of the dragon...

――It was so difficult to return to civilized society! (Desperate)

However, in the end, since Schwarz could create temporary clothes with magic, we decided to ride on Schwarz in her dragon form and return home together.

What about the chaos?

"I think everyone would be surprised, but I believe they will be content once they realize that Desmond-sama is riding on it",

Monica's words and Sophie's agreement led to the adoption of that plan.

――content? Why is it that everyone is content, not relieved or doubtful, that I am on board the legendary and most powerful creature? I don't understand.............

And, of course, before we go, I had sex with Monica and Sophie. In the end, even their clothes were torn apart by Onee-sama ―― What is this about? Is it a characteristic of a breaker? Then what about me? No, I would never tear clothes. It's the hymen of a fifteen-year-old girl that wants to get pregnant that I'd tear... Huh?

Anyway, it was because I haven't met them in quite some time, and despite being outdoors, I got into a fever ―― and also,

"Being naughty with Des-sama outside! I want to do it too..."

...said the fifteen-year-old dog maid girl with upturned eyes, pleading for outdoor play, as she slowly lowered her panties and lifted up her maid skirt..What else can I do?

And even Sophie, who I believed to be a cunning but sensible person,

"I haven't conceived my second child yet..."

She said as she pulled down her pants.

――what else can I do?

What happened to Sophie before they arrived here? I'm really worried after returning.

Now, the girls were lying naked and covered in white fluid on the dragon's back.

"Enemy of women."

"It's not true!"

I quickly retorted.

"Really?"

"............" ―― No comment!

"Fufufu!" Onee-sama laughed. On my lap.

I sat cross-legged on the dragon's back, and Onee-sama, completely naked, docked on top, facing me.

――I might really be an enemy of women...

I ended up casually impregnating Sophie on the spot.

Dog girl, demon girl, dragon girl. Thrusting my wet penis with love juices in each of their holes and impregnating them... Will babies be human? And this time, I hope for a boy. If it's a girl and she targets my chastity like Emily then... *shrudder*

"Even if you were an enemy of the world, I am on your side, alright?"

Why did you say that now?! Why! ―― It's a really bad omen. And yet, there is no hesitation on her face.......

*Thump...* "But what about my little sister, I wonder?"

Hey, give me back my excitement. But of course, it's undeniable that Charlotte-chan is on my side. After all, I was reincarnated into this world to meet Charlotte-chan (100%) ――Even if she becomes my enemy, I will continue to be on her side.

If I play the Word Chain with Charlotte-chan, I can start over again whenever she likes.

――That's how much I love her.

(.............blushing)

But,

(?)

When I return, I'll probably be squeezed dry... (Joy) .

"Hmph, Desmond, there's something swelling inside my vagina, and it's starting to irritate me. Should I just rip it off?"

"Please stop!" ――joking or not, I'm truly scared that it might actually happen when it comes to this woman.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

――How did it come to this?

Was it because the returned lord ride on a dragon while completely naked causing panic among the residents of Aldora?

No. Certainly, everyone was surprised at first, and when dog shadows began to rise up around us, I panicked. Because right next to me,

"Oh! My blood is boiling..." Teresa onee-sama was about to unleash her 【Demon Roar】.

――At that moment, everyone had already been clothed by Schwarz's magic.―― However, even though I think I made eye contact with Grandpa, he didn't undo the spell...then...

"Hoho, it's just a joke."

I wonder what would have happened now if he hadn't deactivated it. What kind of a follower would shorten his lord's life with a joke?

And in the end, once everyone saw that it was me riding on top of the dragon, they all accepted it.

Why?! Even if I'm revered as a guardian deity, it's completely unrealistic that people would have such faith in me to the extent of believing that I have the ability to tame a dragon, right?!

Was it because someone saw me and start crying uncontrollably, causing a commotion? That's not it either. Liz-chan clung to me for a while, but in the end, she calmed down, so no problem at all. I'll apologize (thoroughly) to her later when we're alone together.――Gufufu.

If that's not it, then what about the old dog and the demon on the verge of battle?

Hahaha! If that were the case, I wouldn't be home at all.――I would escape with all my might.

――So, what's the problem...?

"Oh, there you are, Charlotte. Sorry for worrying you..."――Huh?

*step* *step* *step* *step*

――She runs away?!

"Huf," When I caught her wrist, she made a cute sound.

――Cute.

I want to kiss her and hold her just like this.

"Funyaaaah..." Huh? She's making cat noise?

"Why are you running away? Didn't you want to see me? I was expecting to be thoroughly squeezed as soon as I came back...In fact, I was looking forward to it."

*Shiver!*

She jumped a little.

"What's wrong? Your face is so red. Do you have a fever?"

I gently pressed my forehead against Charlotte's.

"Ah, ah... haaahhh..."

Something's wrong with Charlotte.

――Why?

"She's been like this for a while now."

Oh! The maid suddenly appeared out of nowhere! You're really stepping up your game, Katherine. But to be honest, it's always been like this because my "chicken sense" only reacts to threats.

The maid had a cold yet captivating beauty, with her reddish hair neatly tied up and her brown eyes fixed on the lord, who was capturing his beloved wife.

"Yes, I don't know why, but it turned out like this."

Darn it, even Ephemera suddenly appeared... These Assassins. Why do people in my house always want to make my life shorter?

There she was, a woman with white hair dressed as a man. It was Ephemera-chan, the former leader of the Swift family's "Shadow". Although she had been given permission to stay in the mansion for a while, she usually vanished without a word and hid in my shadow. Katherine, who was pretending to be a maid, stood calmly behind... These Assassins! ――by the way, Liz-chan and Emily also clung to me.

...Phew, being popular is tough. Honestly, it felt like a new kind of weight training! And so, when I finally calm them down and found Charlotte-chan...things led to the current situation, and I was pretty sure these two Assassins didn't follow me back then...

"Uaa, fuaahhh..." I caught Charlotte-chan, who seemed like she might try to escape and held her in my arms. ――"Fuaaaa..." Um, her voice is getting me excited. Not only is she irresistibly voluptuous, but she's also incredibly cute.

"Stop, stop~..."

――Even though she's supposed to be my wife, I feel like I'm playing with another girl.

So, I asked the two Assassins.

"So, why is she like this?"

"I don't know." "No idea." "Just a while ago, she was like "Fufufu, it seems Desmond-sama will be returning soon. He seemed to have become quite close with Onee-sama... Then I will make sure to him spend plenty of time with me. And also make onee-sama apologizes. It seems like she's returning, so..." She was like a cat that heard the footsteps of its owner returning home."

――Un, cute. "Nyaah..." I held a struggling cat in my arms, trying to hold onto it tighter.

Anyway, Katherine, you're really good at imitating Charlotte!

And then,

"But――" Katherine tilted her head, "suddenly she went "Fua!?" , and gradually, her face started to blush."

Gradually, her face started to blush? What does that mean? It's true that in my mind, I was playing the Word game with Charlotte. But now that our communication is disconnected, there's no way it could have reached her...

"Fu, Fu, Funyaaaaaaa!!"

"Hey, wait, what's wrong, Charlotte, why are you struggling like that?"

――Hold on, could it be?

"Hey, Charlotte-chan? Could it be that, by any chance, our bound recovered?"

"..."

――Ah, it seems like it has recovered.――Since when? I had intended to fully embrace Charlotte-chan when I returned home and connect with her physically to recover it... Or at least, that was my plan. And this reaction suggests that I asked that embarrassing question, one that even I would find embarrassing.

On Schwarz's back, as we neared Aldora, I requested Onee-sama to move from my lap and asked Schwarz to tidy up everyone's attire. ―― I'm so happy that I can meet Charlotte-chan after a long time, and while I was thinking about her, I somehow started playing that game. Since our communication is not connected, I let my mind wonders and blurted out things like "Charlotte-chan's favorite part~, Charlotte-chan's cute ○○○!" without fail, I added "cute" at every word.

――So, she heard all of that?

....I want to die.

I've said many, many times before that I love her, and it was clear even with my inner voice that there held no lies. But this was the first time I really put it into words.

――Um, even though the feelings are being conveyed, it doesn't convey specifically what or how I like it. But thoughts can be conveyed through words.

And it got conveyed.

"Pshuuu~..." Charlotte-chan's brain short-circuited.

It's better than being scolded, sad, or going berserk, but if she keeps blushing like this...I think I feel my face getting hot too...

"...Please explode."

*startled*!

We both jumped at the maid's muttering.

◇

Charlotte and I were led to the "action" room by a maid who started saying unsettling things like, "Should I try punching the wall next time?" It was the first time in a while that we were taken there. It wasn't my bedroom or Charlotte-chan's bedroom.

It was a room where the virginity of the many maidens was broken, the room uses for the first night right.

Honestly, it looked exactly like a love hotel. I want to shake hands with my past me who could recreate the feel without fully regaining my memories.

Such a room existed in our mansion.

And now, I bring my embarrassed wife into that room...

I-I'm getting really nervous!! I'm sweating more than during social events!

Charlotte-chan, with her youthful beauty that defies her age, blushed and cast her gaze downward in silence. We were sitting together on the bed. Despite her appearance, she emitted the mature allure of a married woman, whom I couldn't resist embracing. Her shoulders are hunched, even so, I really want to bury my nose in that smooth and fragrant nape.

"Desmond-sama, I heard everything..."

"...right."

I replied curtly, having suppressed my emotions to the limit. Charlotte-chan's face turned so red that you could almost hear the steaming sound.

――Huh? But Normally, it'd be like...

"It's fine, please smell it. Nyaaan... ❤"

It seems that although we had been engaging in naughty acts and with naughty words and deeds, she's always going with the flow. However, throughout the game, the message I conveyed is not fully erotic. Thought that I think it wouldn't get sent to her.

As for me, since it was admittedly my true feelings—, it's a little embarrassing, but it's not a problem.

But if she acts like this,

――I am getting embarrassed, too.

My heart beats faster and I break into a sweat like a virgin. Yet, I can hear the breath of my beloved wife beside me and smell her sweet scent... Sniff, mm, She's wet. Mmm, it's a good smell. I want to bury my head in her skirt and sniff it directly.

"D-don't..."

Charlotte-chan covered her white face with her smooth hands and shook her head.

Mmm, she's cute, so cute. With such a sight...

"Fue, yaaaah..."

I push Charlotte down.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hah hah, a man and a woman breathing heavily, like an aminal panting. Desmond leaned against Charlotte, unable to hold himself as their gazes met.

――Was my wife always this cute?

Yeah, she was always this cute.

Desmond couldn't help but stare at her with genuine admiration as if she was a precious gem.

Her eyes were like big, sparkling emeralds.

Her wavy platinum-blond hair bloomed on the bed like a flower, giving off a girlish atmosphere. Charlotte had a beauty that made her appear to be in her early twenties. Her ample, well-rounded chest pushed up against a modest-colored dress, combining seductiveness and loveliness in a miraculous way.

Her wavy platinum-blond hair spread across the bed like a blossoming flower, exuding a youthful and girlish look. Charlotte had a timeless beauty that made her seem much younger than she actually was, as if she were in her early twenties. Her dress perfectly highlighted her shapely body and ample chest, combining cuteness and charm in a truly magical way.

*gulp*

Desmond's throat made a sound.

"Fuuu...nnn...chu..."

Their lips met in a deep, passionate kiss. Desmond leaned in, pulling her closer, relishing the sensations of their lips and tongues entwined. Charlotte, though a bit shy, was no stranger to her husband's love. Charlotte's tongue also reached out and entwined with his, exchanging sweet saliva.

"Nuuh, Nn, *slurp*, *lick*..." Although it was a kiss, it turns into a lascivious and sensual act. "Haa, Charlotte..." "Fuu... Desmond-samaa..."

*Chup, Chup*...

With the wet sounds that would make one ejaculate just by listening, the warm temperature of her slippery tongue entwined with his tongue. They had been entangled like this for a while――he wonder how long they have been intertwining like this.

Even after their tongues finally separated, there was still some lustful saliva dripping, forming a bridge of saliva between their lips. Then it was reluctantly severed as if they were regretting their last moments together. Both of their eyes were already immersed in lust.

Charlotte still had a tinge of shame in her eyes. But it was not as if she was rejecting him in the first place. - she was no longer able to resist the unbearable tingling of her womb as his thing was pressed against her crotch.

Observing that Charlotte did not resist, Desmond buried his nose in her neck to savor the scent of his wife.

"Ah~ It smells so good. I the scent of Charlotte is the best."

"Haa, fuuu... Hyaa..." Her meek voice filled with joy.

Desmond sniffed, licked her neck, and left a long-awaited hickey. He lifted and cupped her ample breasts from below, kneading them with his hands.

――Ohhhhhh, this is my Charlotte, my beloved Charlotte.

His thoughts were laid bare for her to see.

"I feel the same... I love you, Desmond-sama..."

"Thank you, Charlotte."

"――Eh? Ahh..."

Charlotte, despite her surprised voice, didn't mind as his hand, like a snake, crawled on her enchanting thigh. While stroking the tempting flesh concealed under her skirt, Desmond lifted her skirt and slit his body down like a snake.

He buried his face in her breasts. Then he rubbed his cheek against her pregnant belly, pushing up Charlotte's thighs, forcing her to spread her legs apart..

"You're sopping wet..."

"...N-nngh... haaah..." "Why am I feeling like this? I've been through similar situations many times before... many embarrassing things..."

"Oh no, I'm so excited I think I'm going to get a nosebleed."

In response to Charlotte's heartfelt "words", Desmond unintentionally let out his own inner thoughts through his mouth.

With his fingers like a hook. He slid the seductive light blue panties with a captivating design to the side.

"This is undoubtedly her battle panties. She knew I would come back... ――Gufufu. It looks delicious." *smooch* *lick*

"Haah, yes... I'm being devoured by Desmond-sama.. Hii, ngh... ❤"

Desmond lovingly kissed his wife's intimate spot as a warm "I'm home" gesture. His tongue wriggled like a flickering flame, completely captivated by the moist and weeping vagina. He did not fully remove her battle panties as a form of courtesy. He playfully flicked his tongue on her platinum-blonde pubic hair, enjoying its scent.

"It's delicious, Charlotte's nectar is truly the best. There's no way I can resist this..." *slurp gulp* "Ah, it becomes even more fragrant, the sweet and salty taste becomes more delicious..." *slurp, lick*

"Haahh, aah... Desmond-sama... It feels so good... I want Desmond-sama to devour me... But why does it feel so embarrassing? Just by hearing what parts of me Desmond-sama likes..." Aah, hah "It feels so good... so good..."

Charlotte spread her legs in an M shape, writhing her hips as he sucked at her center. Her beautiful eyebrows furrowed, and saliva spilled from her pink lips. Her large emerald eyes are melting. The lord's wife, who has now become a debauched nymph, is scorched by the pleasures of her husband's "voice" and the pleasure of his tongue.

*Squelch, slurp* Desmond extended his tongue and invade into Charlotte's honey pot. Even though it was melting hot, her honey pot embraced his tongue with her folds. Desmond's mouth was filled with rich feminine juices. He swallowed the love nectar of the aroused "Ero elf", rutting at the demand of the man she had chosen to be her mate. The head of his meat snake in his crotch was at its peak angle.

"Ahh... Desmond-sama..." Charlotte's seductive emerald eyes were filled with desire as they stared at him. If he didn't react now, he wouldn't be a real man.

His tip kissed her hot lips. They mixed their slippery fluids together, exchanging the heat of their desires.

*Squelch, squish...*

"Haah! Ahhh!"

Slowly, he delved into her with his swollen glans.

"Uooh, ahh... It's so wet... Charlotte is the best..."

"More than Onee-sama...?"

"Ah, Teresa is also nice, but for me, it's Charlotte. You fit me perfectly like we are meant to be... like we are one."

"Eh!? Fuaa...again..."

"Hmm? What's wrong?" Desmond asked, oblivious.

The "voice" that Charlotte didn't intend to convey reached him.

Desmond started to move his hips. The tender flesh that fit him perfectly and clung to his manhood tightly in a passionate embrace, made his spine tremble in ecstasy.

"I love you, Charlotte, I love you." Squelch, squish In this sensual movement, he conveyed his feelings to Charlotte with all his power.

"Faah... hyah, haaa!" Charlotte wrapped her arms around his back and her legs around his waist, thrusting her hips up herself.

"I love you, I love you, Charlotte."

"I'm happy, I'm so happy... ❤ I love you too, Desmond-sama... I love you..."

In accordance with his rhythm, with her feelings, her walls tightened. Her moans tempted him to go even further.

"Charlotte..." Desmond leaned his face closer to her.

Then,

"Fuhaaa... sho...sho cool~... My face is reflected in his eyes... W-wow?! I can only see my face in there! Fu~aah, my heart is swelling... ❤ It feels so good down there... B-But, it's because Desmond-sama praised me so much, so I started looking for things I like about Desmond-sama in the same way. And then, I started becoming aware of all the things I like about him....like how cool he is, I'm becoming more conscious of everything.... what to do..... Fuwaaa....I can't do it....How did I calmly do it with someone like him until now....Oheaaa..."

"Um, Charlotte?"

――I see, it seems my hypothesis was correct. And Charlotte-chan, no matter how flustered you are, saying 'Oheaaa...' is not acceptable.

And as Desmond thought,

"I didn't say that!!"

"Ohh, really?" ――*smack*.

Desmond kissed Charlotte.

"Oheaaa... ❤"

"You really say it!" ――But still, it's cute. *smack, smack*

"W-Wait, Desmond-sama, nnn, hmmm..."

Desmond then kisses her repeatedly while filling her insides.

Their tongues intertwined, their lips locked, and their cheeks rubbed together as they smiled at each other. Their melting gazes only saw each other.

"Ah, aaah... Fu~aaah... Haaan..." Her loud moans intertwined with the sounds of their lovemaking. Unable to resist the sensual desire she was longing for, despite feeling embarrassed.

Charlotte decided that she would share her innermost thoughts with him.

"I love you, I love you... Desmond-sama, please don't leave me ever again..." She rocked her hips, deeply intertwining with him.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. We'll do plenty of kinky fucking later――but not now."

"....."

"I see, so that's what you wanted"

"N-No, it's not..." ("He's not entirely wrong.")

"Really?"

"Th-That's not... Why is it that you can understand even the things I didn't want you to... Fu~aah, ahh... No, I can't... Ah, aaah..." ("More, more... Please fill my womb with your semen, Desmond-sama...")

"Alright then."

"Ah, no, I didn't mea... aaah, aahhhh~ ❤❤❤"

Desmond apologized profusely inside Charlotte's womb. Both delighted with their reunion while trembling with spasms. It wasn't just a physical connection, it was a heartfelt communion.

And so, even after several rounds and fully covered in sweat, the two continued to intertwine. And then,

"Fuhahahahaha! I'll be interrupting you both!"

"No! If you're going to interrupt, then leave!" The little sister, still clinging naked to the man said.

"That's an unacceptable request. After all, I haven't gotten pregnant yet!"

*kashan~!*

"It's unfair that the little sister is already pregnant when the older sister is not."

Sounds like a title of a light novel,

"――fine..."

"Charlotte-chan?! Are you really okay with just that?!"

"Welp, nothing you can do about it." said her older sister, already putting her hand on her clothes and...

*rip*!

In Desmond's mansion, another ero elf has appeared.――

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, This is Desmond.

They say too much happiness often affects one's health.

――Well, actually, physically speaking, My body was doing quite well because of 【Physical Enhancement】, the abundance of magic power, and 【Heal】.

But mentally, I was already shaky.

After returning to Aldora on a dragon, the lord was sought after by girls one after another in turns, and some at the same time. It's a man's blessing, but to be involved with two ero elves (with one being a demon)――What have I gotten myself into! To be precise, it might be more accurate to say that I was the one who fell for it.

Well, it's good that my abduction didn't cause a rift between these two...

Charlotte grabbed the hem of Onee-sama's shirt.

"Don't take him away again..."

"Sorry!"

"If you do it again, I'll destroy you."

――Huh? I feel like I heard something scary, but I decided to unleash my family's most treasured technique "Pretend I didn't hear anything."

...*shudder*!

And so, with the Demon Onee-sama, the Dragon Ojou-sama, and Teresa's Platinum Knights under my command, I, the Lord-sama, returned to my everyday life...

My everyday life, please come back!!

◇

In the Lord's office, I diligently carry out my job as a professional signer as usual.

With the pleasant sound of a pen scratching paper, documents are being processed one after another.

――However, it's not me who's doing the actual work!

Next to my desk――there sits my beloved Second wife, Liz-chan.

She is a silver-haired, intelligent, and beautiful woman. She ties her left and right hair braids just under her chin, and the tips are frilly. Despite her petite figure, her breasts are splendidly huge, and her short pants make her look like a girl scout in a government uniform.

Despite her appearance, however, she is the skilled Parliamentary official and the pillar, the keystone of this territory, who is in charge of the administration and has turned the lord into a document signer.

Equipped with a monocle on her right eye, she gives me a frightening glare.

*stare*

I am not able to raise my head.

However, when I think that how this girl wishes to be dominated in the bed, how she clings to me and happily repeats "Darling ❤" happily, my head (the other one) raises.

――Gufufu.

So, as for why little Liz-chan is sitting right next to me...

"My lord, here are the next batch of documents."

*Smack*! The documents fluttered onto my desk loudly.

"O-oh."

I said solemnly, ――read, read again, and pick up the pen.

I scribble - Desmond Damwead.

And then, I returned the documents to Liz-chan.

"Okke."

*Shuffle*! Liz-chan moved on to the next documents...

――I can't take it anymore!!

What's this? What's going on? It feels like a new kind of homeroom teacher visit. Even if it's understandable that she was worried about me after I got abducted the other day, my heart can't handle it if you keep doing this.

I know, you're worried about me, right?

――Gufufu...

Sorry.

And there were others present.

Of course, my first wife, Charlotte, elegantly enjoyed tea on the sofa. ――Hmm, as cute as ever. ――Wait? She seems to be getting even cuter each time I see her.

She's acting composed because I'm working now, but...

"Fuuu, Fuuu... Desmond-sama finds me cute... Ahhh, my face is getting hot..."

――Hmm, so cute.

It seems that Charlotte-chan's words game I played on the way back to Aldora is still on her mind. However,

"This is not good, I'll have to receive an injection of a some thick, white medicine later....――Gufufu."

...She's the same as usual? ――No, it's getting worse, isn't it?

And of course, she wasn't the only one present.

Quietly standing behind her was Charlotte's personal maid, Katherine. And next to her was Monica, a newcomer maid aiming for the position of my personal maid. This group remained silent because we were working. But the one sitting across from us...

"This snack is so delicious! *crunch*"

"Fuhahaha! Indeed, aren't these snacks even tastier than the ones we stole from the Earl's mansion? (Pretending not to hear this part for self-preservation)"

"Yeah, you're right. I thought that was the most delicious pastry mong that we've looted so far..... But, it's hard to just ignore the snacks from Marquis place either...How about we steal from him next time! Hahaha! (Please do not push him too hard.)"

Stop. Please stop openly confessing your crimes and discussing your next criminal plans right in front of me, I beg you.

Seated on the sofa without a care in the world were Lady Teresa Terrace, also known as the Demon Onee-sama, and Schwarz, the Dragon Lady.

The mastermind behind my abduction was shamelessly devouring our sweets on the sofa. And the one next to me spoke.

"I see, in that case, next is Earl...(Aaah, ah, I can't hear you!). ―― Please stop, Liz-chan, I beg you! But still, it's amazing that your hands don't stop! And that monocle is shining so bright, it makes you look like a certain person that looks like a child but has the intellect of an adult!

If I remember correctly it's sort of like a multi-display magic tool. ――Amazing.

"My lord, please."

She handed me the next document.

"Understood" - read, read, - scribble, scribble. Return.

"Okke."

Liz-chan moved on to the next document.

...Sigh...

Then I look at the women standing behind those two delinquents.

There's the cool beauty, one with short blue hair, and a redhead with a ponytail. They are apparently the two vice-captains of the "Platinum Knight" led by Onee-sama. They are dressed in the official attire of the knight order... wow, what a high-cut leg line. The knight order's official uniform is a high-cut leotard, how unconventional and outrageous. I wonder if they're safe with such little protection, but in this world there's magic, so they'll probably be fine. Besides, the best defense is a good offense...but I, who know about eroticism, have a special kind of offense. ――Wait? Did I just imagine it or are they targeting me? Are they trying to defeat the "enemy of women" who captured their leader?

*shudder*!

Putting aside such nonsense, the "Platinum Knight" under Onee-sama's command was staying in our territory. Furthermore, they are joining our forces as our allies. I was very happy to see many beautiful girls walking around dressed like that, and most of them are said to be noble young ladies who possess exceptional magical abilities. Most of them are seasoned magic users. But they also represent many incoming political issues... Hey, Charlotte-chan, by bringing them here and allowing them to stay, aren't you trying to turn me not only into an enemy of women but an "Enemy of the kingdom" as well? This is quite an excessive concentration of power both politically and militarily don't you think?

...It's, it's alright. I haven't crossed the final line by laying a hand on them. So, please assure me, right? Grandpa? right!?

"Hohoho, my, my... it seems Lord Desmond is not content with being just a frontier lord anymore. kuku."

Wait! I'm just a humble baron on a remote land! I'm neither a general nor a frontier lord! Being a frontier lord means defending the nation's borders and enjoying various privileges... I ain't fit into that category. Hahaha... you must be joking.

Why? Why is Aldora growing larger and larger in a way I don't want to? Back while I'm being kidnapped and not at home... I pray I won't be excised from the territory as a cancer cell.

Also, I did give Marquis Peter Swift a good beating... I hope they don't revenge squad or something...(unfocused gaze).

And as I turn my head a the vice-captains...

*stare*, our eyes met.

It was a cool-looking beauty with short blue hair. Her slender body was framed by a blue leotard. She's also tall, if she forms a band with Ephemera, it'll be impossible for young ladies in this world to resist their charm! Alright, I'll quit being a lord and become a producer. That would be more peaceful, right?

I smile lightly at the future star.

"――Hm, Desmond, are you targeting Mort? Fuhaha, as expected of an enemy of women."

Stop it! Don't talk about enemies of women here! Everyone in this office, except me, is a woman! Eight women (3/4 of them are pregnant with my child, and the youngest is fifteen years old) all turned their eyes toward me at once.

Truly, I am the enemy of women.

Cold sweat runs down the back of my neck.

――Seriously, the density of girls in this room is too high! The smell in this room is amazing, I've had an erection since a while ago and it's killing me! Don't pile up additional crimes on me under extenuating circumstances! ――The suspect is defiant.

"He's just joking."

Cool Beauty-san spoke up to the big sister. Oh, her voice is also low and matches her appearance perfectly. If a girl like her moaned in bed, it would be so cute... Huh? Enemy of women...? Who?

Cool Beauty-san turned her blue eyes toward me, who had already run out of excuses. ――Her eyes are so beautiful. Especially with her blue hair...

"The Lord would never want a woman like me. Even if he was called a 'heretic' and someone who has a peculiar taste for women, the one who plants his seeds in the captain and even a dragon. But he would never want a blue-haired woman like me..."

――Hey, isn't that quite an offensive remark? The sharp blade of her words is cutting the lord to pieces, But what?

――Hmmm, does she care about the blue hair that much? Certainly, the color is something you would only find in anime or 2D worlds, and it's rare even in this world ――to be precise, I've never seen any before....

"I think your hair is beautiful, though."

"――Eh?"

...I really thought so, that's why I said it. Mort's hair is beautiful.

"So beautiful that you want to bury your face in it and sniff it, is that it?"

"Yes, of course. ――Wait, what?"

Hey, Charlotte-chan, I did think that in my mind, but could you please stop speaking on my behalf at such a time? Look, everyone's looking at me. Eight girls against a woman. ――sigh.

"Really? In that case, could you show me something to back that up?" said Mort-SAN.

My -SAN usage skyrocketed. But as the enemy of women, I confidently said, "Of course, come over here."

"...Sure."

Cool Beauty-san approached with graceful steps.

Wait? Seriously? Am I really about to bury my nose in this girl's hair and sniff it? In front of everyone?...I don't understand this at all.

And speaking of which, when she gets closer, she's really tall, huh? Slender body, in a leotard, with a clearly visible and defined white pelvis... Hmm, that slit.. could it be? And if I look closely, there's a little bump on her chest too...

"――Ahem."

Startled by Charlotte-chan's cough right next to me, I snapped back to reality. But what's the point of coming to your senses when I'm going to do something like this?

Whatever, thanks for the meal.

I stood and buried my nose in Mort-san's hair as she lowed her head, and sniffed it.

"Mmm, it smells nice. Your hair is silky smooth, the blue color suits you."

"..."

"Is there something wrong?"

"N-No... I-I see. I now know why you are called the 'heretic' Lord."

"That's good." Not really.

Mort's cheeks turned slightly red, which was good enough to eat with three bowls of rice as a side dish. But why am I sniffing a girl's hair? It's just... strange.

"Fuhahaha, aren't you an enemy of women?"

"Unfair, I also want Des-sama to sniff me."

"No, I'll be next."

"Then why don't let me and my little sister flank you from both sides!"

By all means!

"I'll have my bottom hair sniff then..." ――Katherine? What's going on in your head?

"D-Don't you dare do that to me. W-Well, if you really insist, I guess I'll consider it?" Simple-gon, so easy.

In the office, things are getting more exciting and naughty.

And then.

"Please be quiet. I'm working." -Capable official Liz-chan spoke.

――Yeah, you're right. I sincerely apologize! She was working on managing this territory in such a place. I'm sorry! I should actually give up this seat to you.

But,

*Swoosh*

Something soft and fluffy was placed on the tip of my nose as I retook my seat.

"H-here, you can have this in the meantime."

It was Liz-chan's hair, her ears turning red.

――Oh, one-hit killing blow.

"That's unfair, you thieving cat!" Charlotte, that was a joke, right...?

"Woof, woof!"

"Fuhahaha! Glasses girl, you are quite something!"

"Speaking of which, Teresa-sama, could it be that Ephemera has been hiding in the shadows of Desmond-sama, continuously sniffing his scent all this time...?"

"I didn't do that!" ――Hey, she the nail on the head, didn't she?

"S-So that's what I should have done....." Alright, I've made up my mind. Next, I'll sniff Simple-gon-chan's hair!

――So, to put it simply, it's all chaotic.

My everyday life didn't return, it flew off towards the sunset. However,

Oh well.

It's peaceful and fun.

Amidst the commotion of these mischievous girls, I let out a sigh of overflowing happiness.

"Haa, amazing, truly fitting for the second-generation Breaker, a man chosen by big sis."

――Redhead girl, don't go spreading that around, okay?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"――Where are you taking me? Dog."

"Oh, don't worry, I'm sure Miss Teresa will like it."

The old man responded with a smile, sounding even a little bit scary.

"Hou."

The two of them were standing inside a magic elevator leading to the underground area of Aldora. They were the two individuals known as the <strongest> in the Kingdom. However, there was a peculiar aura about them. Even though they simply stood there, it was not difficult to imagine the overwhelming force that would crush anyone caught in between.

On one side stood Randolph Steiner, known as the 《Grey Hound》 who took charge of defense and counterintelligence for Aldora. He had gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and a mustache. He resembled a schnauzer breed from Desmond's past life. However charming he might be, he was still a hunting hound at his core. He wore a butler's uniform that resembled a tailcoat. His gray eyes, filled with mystery and polished to perfection, reflected the brown-skinned beauty beside him.

《Platinum Breaker》――.

She was Desmond's wife's older sister, the eldest daughter of the Terrace family. Teresa Terrace herself.

Although she was likely around thirty-eight years old, she had the appearance of someone in their mid-twenties with her healthy, sun-kissed complexion. She had platinum blonde hair, similar to her sister Charlotte's, but hers is straight. Her large emerald eyes were like precious jewels that bestow on the sisters. She wore a white leotard with a coat on top. The provocative chest area was on the verge of bursting, and her high-cut leg revealed her enticing pubic area. However, Randolph did not react to it at all as this world was devoid of eroticism. The only one who would respond would be the fearless lord who has been pouring his riches into this very honey pot just today.

"We have arrived."

As the magic elevator stopped, the hound led the way and the demon followed.

A solidly build corridor. The echoing footsteps belonged to Teresa, who didn't bother to hide her presence. Teresa's beautiful lips began to quirk up slightly.

"Fuhaha, dog, what do we have here?"

Her grin widens. One could catch a glimpse of her fierce canine teeth as she trembled with excitement, the scene alone is enough to make some lose their composure. However, even to the spirited demon, the old dog responded calmly. Like signs of autumn frost on a hot spring breeze.

"What do we have here you ask? I'm not sure. But it's certain that we have a demon here."

"Hah, don't be ridiculous."

The footsteps of the two magical beings advanced step by step. Randolph brought Teresa face to face with "her".

――Don't lay hand on Aldora. Her awakening shall bring forth the destruction of the world. ――

◇

"Ah, ah, ah, haaah..."

Today, as usual, lewd voices echoed in his office.

"Ah, no, it's no good... it's... oh, it's getting worse... rubbing inside... ah..."

*Squelch, squelch.*

Even the courageous lord was overcome by the tightness of the dragon's vagina, losing himself in ecstasy. Desmond lifted up the skirt of the small dragon girl with black hair, engaged in the midst of sexual punishment. He grabbed her slim waist, forcing her to hold onto the backrest of the sofa and take her from behind without mercy.

Her head twitched and a tail raised to allow mating.

*slap*, *slap*, a wet, meaty sound intertwines with the panting, needy girl's gasps.

"Do you feel sorry now, Schwarz?"

"I-I do, I do! But please, anything but ejaculating inside... When you do that, my body becomes too hot... aah! S-so deep... don't stir my inside... fuaahh..."

"Based on how you're talking, it doesn't seem like you're genuinely sorry. You eat everyone's sweets without asking. I'm going to teach you the importance of living together peacefully with your body."

Desmond's dragon slayer stimulated the dragon's sensitive spot mercilessly. The dragon girl, whose only dragon parts she has right now were only dragon horns and a tail, succumbed to her female nature and writhed in ecstasy.

Desmond's lust begins to rush past his urethra as her vagina tightens.

"Ahhh❤! It's so much! Stop! No, don't do that, I... ah! Aaahhhh! you're ejaculating❤❤, you ejaculated... inside my vagina❤... ahae❤..."

*Drip* *Drip* *Splash*

Golden liquid spilled between her legs.

Schwarz reached orgasm with her eyes rolled back and drool dripping, pink tongue stretched out. Her body trembled and convulsed, and the contractions of her vaginal muscles, contrary to her will ― no, driven by her own desire, absorbed the semen into her womb.

A large amount of cloudy fluid poured into the dragon's womb. His male member throbbed and thick semen overflowed from the opening, dripping onto the floor.

"Master, isn't this more like a treat than a punishment?" a cold, beautiful maid with flushed cheeks said, a hint of envy in her voice. Her reddish hair was tied up, and her eyes were a beautiful shade of brown.

"No, Katherine, it's punishment. This little maso-gon's body seems to treat my semen like an aphrodisiac, and even though it feels good, it really messes her up. But there are no real negative effects, aside from that it's addictive. Now, by just showing her my dick, she can't even resist me anymore. I dominate this dragon using my penis, fracture her pride, and discipline her by injecting more aphrodisiacs into her."

"――Isn't that still a reward?"

"O-oh."

Desmond could only respond to the maid's calm demeanor.

But it was true. Schwarz certainly felt shame and fear for being obedient to his penis, and she even tried to escape from the aphrodisiac. But both of those were rewards for her. Otherwise, she wouldn't have such a happy expression on her face.

"Oh heea.....❤"

He pulled out the meat plug from the blissful dragon girl. The semen of discipline dripped out.

Then, the maid stood next to Schwarz eagerly, lifting her skirt and sticking out her butt.

"Please discipline me too, master. Punish this lowly maid who begs and desires you..." Her brown eyes were already moist.

Punishing a bad maid who begs for punishment = equivalent treatment. A perfect win-win equation.

"I can't help it, huh?" ――gufufu.

Grinning wickedly, Desmond went for the big ass that was exposed for his full view. It was covered in dragon vaginal fluid and his own semen.

"Ahh, haaah...❤" The maid's rosebud accepted it with joy.

"Ohh... that feels amazing. Katherine's ass seems to love me too." Desmond spread her tight entrance with his thick trunk.

"Ah, hah... Of course. I can't tell you how much I missed you....hmm when Master was away... Mmm... It getting bigger."

"Well, if you say such cute things, of course, it'll swell, right?"

".....what a tease. Ah, fuuuu❤!"

Desmond grabbed Katherine's plump buttocks, squeezed, and occasionally slapped them while thrusting his hips. "Ah, aahhh... It's good! so good, master... Ahh... Ahhhh❤!"

With his hips rocking back and forth, her body shook, and her hair swayed. Katherine wearing panties with an extremely small amount of fabric. Except for the crotch area, it was nothing but strings. Desmond shifted it aside and penetrated her with his thick shaft.

With forceful movements, the stiff rod entered the hole that was originally meant for excretion. The maid trembled with joy, and Desmond continued while indulging in pleasure.

However, their passionate moment came to an abrupt pause.

"Fuhahaha! I have arrived! Desmond, prepare for your award ceremony... Eh? ass...?"

Even the quintessential Teresa's eyes widen at the sight. Her platinum blonde straight hair swayed as she stood there, still clad in the knight order's uniform.

A high-leg white leotard hugged tightly, with a coat worn over it. It suited her alluring tanned skin well, tightly emphasizing her tempting body.

"Ah..." Desmond's mouth curled up, but before he could finish his words, "Wait, Kath... wai... ugh!"

Katherine thrust her ass back towards Desmond without care, making him climax. "Ah...❤" Feeling the hot semen pouring into her rectum, the naughty maid trembled with pleasure.

◇

"Oh-ho, you can perform the art even with the ass?"

"Yes, indeed."

Charlotte is in this room as well. She smiled and watch her husband's debauchery with her large emerald eyes. She wore an elegant dress that perfectly matched her girlish beauty. However, her voluptuous body, which could rival her older sister, couldn't be concealed by her modest dress.

"Did my sister use her ass too?"

"Yes, my every hole has been thoroughly defiled by Desmond-sama..."

"Fuhahaha! Good! Then use my ass too Desmond! Come on, bring it!"

The older sister tore the crotch area of her white leotard off.

*Rip*!

And, alongside Schwarz and Katherine, she lined her buttocks next to them.

*Slap*!

She slapped her ass as if to say "Come at me!" .

"That's not right, Onee-sama. First, you need to clean it properly and then, um, spread it and let him use it."

With a lovely flowery gait, Charlotte approached her sister's beautiful tan ass. With her delicate hands, she caressed her cheeks.

"Fuhaha... Little sister, your touch is quite indecent."

"I've been trained by Desmond-sama."

"Indeed, the Breaker, the enemy of women."

"As if you have any right to say..." As he was about to say more, the sight of beautiful girls that were lined up with their buttocks exposed and vagina filled with semen stop him. They were exhausted, white fluids dripping between their legs. Even now, he was still in the maid's ass. Next to her, his wife touched her sister's ass, coaxing her sister to offer her hole to her husband.

—Hmm, there's no room for excuse in this situation.

Desmond gave up and decided to exercise his member once again with the maid's ass, watching Charlotte play with her sister from the corner of his eye.

"Hoo... Ah, ahn... Haahh...❤"

Another Terrace sister, Katherine, moaned as her ass was being tormented.

"Onee-sama, I'm going to clean the inside first,【Clean】."

"Fuhaa❤ My sister's finger is cleaning the inside of my ass... Ohh..."

"Fufu, onee-sama has such a lovely moan."

"Fuhaha, little sister, you've certainly been trained by Desmond... Ahh, your finger is so deep inside... Haa, ahh... ❤"

――Oh, wow, Charlotte's finger is inside Onee-sama... Ahh, I'm going wild inside Katherine!

Desmond moves his hips in pleasure. "Ahh, haaan... ❤" The younger sister next to her older half-sisters revels in pleasure.

"Onee-sama, let me soften you up. Mmm..." Charlotte let her drool drop from her tongue to the brown hole. She then smears it on and into her sister's rosebud—*squish squish*.

"Hah..... ahh... my sister's finger... inside me... Kuuh..."

"Fufufu, Onee-sama's little hole is twitching. Please rest assured, Onee-sama, I will prepare you properly for Desmond-sama's penis..."

"Hmm, nnnn..... oh....."

"As expected of Onee-sama...then...."

"Hi!..... Another one... Kuhh..."

*Squish, squish...*

――Ohhh... I can't take my eyes off it...

Using her own saliva as a lubricant, the younger sister digs into her older sister in order to prepare it for her husband's penis. It's such a perverse and obscene scene that Desmond can't help but get aroused while thrusting into their half-sister's.... of course, ass.

Charlotte carefully loosens her Onee-sama's sphincter muscle.

"It's getting looser. Onee-sama... *Chu*."

"Kuh... Sister, you... Haa..."

"Don't worry, I've already used 'clean.' I always do it with Desmond-sama like this. Onee-sama, you will feel good soon..."

Charlotte's tongue dives into the impure hole.

"*lick*... *lick*..."

"Huhaha... This feels... strange... My sister's tongue, inside my ass... Haa... ❤"

As the older sister enjoys her sister's tongue, Desmond's excitement increases.

"Ahh, Master, Master is swelling inside my anus... Nngh, hnnuuh... ❤"

Desmond ejaculates inside Katherine. And...

"Hyaan, Desmond-sama..."

Desmond grabs his wife's waist as she licks her older sister. He lifts up the hem of her dress, revealing silk lace panties.

"Charlotte, you're too naughty."

"Ahh... Desmond-sama is kneading and squeezing me... Fu~ahh..."

"That's not fair, sister! Switch places right now!"

"No, thank you. Onee-sama, just let me lick you instead... *lick*..."

"Heh, guh... but that's the front hole. Haa... You're good..."

"I'll do it properly later, Onee-chan. Now have Charlotte lick and loosen it up for me. In the meantime――"

――Gufufu.

Smirking obscenely in his mind, Desmond gently slides aside the panties of his lascivious yet pure and lovely wife. He pushes his member into the crevice of her buttocks, sandwiching it between the fabric of her panties.

"Ahhhh❤ Desmond-sama, you're such a pervert ❤ That's... aah... so hot ❤"

"Your hips are swaying right now Charlotte, I don't want to hear that from you."

"Sister! Right there, Ahhh! Hey! Don't touch the clit! Nn, ohhhh ❤"

With each rub from Desmond, Charlotte's silky skin becomes more flushed. Desmond, wearing an expression of delight, thoroughly covers her with his filthy liquid.

"Ah ❤ Desmond-sama..."

Feeling his intentions (from the lower head), Charlotte joyfully accepts them with pleasure. The scorching flesh spear dives into his voluptuous wife's rear.

"Ah, it's hot, so hot ❤ It's so thick and big... Ah, aaaaah, Desmond-sama ❤"

"Hmph! Desmond, what are you doing? You inserted it, didn't you?"

Teresa, the head of the train, let out a whistle.

"How unfair, I have been replaced... Ahh!... Ah, how much do you want Desmond's penis to do this to me?! Ahh, aaaaah~~~~ ❤"

Desmond can't see what Charlotte is doing to her sister. However, judging by the indecent voice, it must be a wicked torment. Enough to make a demon cry.

"AAhh! ah! Stop it! Ah, amazing! Sister, like that...just like Desmond... Nn, fuu, it feels good ❤❤"

――As expected of Charlotte...*trembling*

Although trembling, as the engine of this lewd train, Desmond continues his piston motion.

"Ahhhh, ahhh, Desmond-sama, Desmond-sama.....❤"

"Kuuuk!...Even though I'm not pregnant yet... hoo ❤!"

At that moment.

"Excuse me."

The half-sister takes her place at the rear. She greedily devours Desmond's ass. It truly shows the true face of Katherine, the nympho, perverted, masochist maid.

"Oh, Katherine... kuuu ❤"

"I-I won't join them... absolutely..." The panting dragon was frightened by the sight of the connected siblings. It seems that this tactic also works on a dragon.

――No, they're not really siblings rather it was two sisters, brothers-in-law, and half-sister. ――But they're still family non the less, no outsiders. Oddly enough, the position they're in right now is arranged in age order.

"Ahii! Ah, aaah ❤ Little sister, how many fingers are you going to use!? Hooaah ❤"

"Until Onee-sama is satisfied❤ Ahh! Desmond-sama, my hole is already all loosened and sliperly❤❤"

"Kuuu! Charlotte's tightness is amazing! But Katherine, you're licking me too much... uuuu!"

"*Lick*, Lick* Lick* Lick* ❤ (I never imagined I would do it with Onee-sama like this... My heart is throbbing) *sluuuurp*❤"

"Ah, aaaaaahhhh~!"

The sisters train moves forward with their brother-in-law on board. The carnal energy continues indefinitely.

Desmond's engine pours the sticky white fuel into Charlotte. Charlotte takes the reins of her Onee-sama. Onee-sama raises a loud whistle, and the half-sister holds the rear.

――Their voices echo, moaning in ecstasy.

"Uwaaa...eros....scary....."

Another trauma etched in Schwarz's mind.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fuhahaha! Piercing, huh! That's some bold style you got there!"

The demon onee-sama exposed her tanned naked body, grabbed her own thighs, and spread them while sitting on the couch.

Grab❤!

When I grabbed her plump buttocks and pulled them apart, the brown rosebud was in full view, obscenely alluring.

Her explosive brown breasts had pale pink perky nipples. Even though her sister had just teased her opening with her fingers and tongue, and she was about to be penetrated, why does she still wear that confident grin?

"Come on!" The brown flower twitched.

By the way, her front gate already gushing nectar like a flood.

"Oh..." I let out a slight grunt as my member pierced through.

It was the same spear that pierced Katherine and Charlotte's depths. Prior to that, it had been in the embrace of a Dragon's chamber. She's not ready for another hole yet, but it will be mine soon. ――Gufufu.

"Alright, Teresa. Are you ready?"

"Fuhahaha, I'm always ready for this kind of thing!"

I don't think that's the right line for when you're about to have your asshole ravaged. But if that's the case, then there's no need to hold back...

"Wait, Desmond-sama, there are words that must be spoken to Onee-sama first." Charlotte-chan's words reached me.

"The thing you should tell onee-sama is. ..."

...Hmm, Charlotte, you noticed that our communication restored for quite some time now, haven't you? Or have you been browsing through my past memories? If that's the case, then I can also open the door to Charlotte's heart...

"No way! That's not allowed!" "But if it's a list of naughty things I want Desmond-sama to do, then it might be fine..." "No! even that is incredibly tempting, but to have it exposed..."

Hmm, it appears Charlotte's barriers are weakening, and it's like she got something like a dual personality? ――Well, I've figured out a few things, so I'll take care of her next time too. ――Gufufu.

"No~... ❤"

Hmm, cute, cute.

But now, it is the elder sister's turn.

"Onee-chan, may I have your butt hole?"

"Nnnn!?"

――Umm, Nice. Onee-chan's eyes widened in surprise.

And...

"Ah! You deviant! How dare you say such things while penetrating me... Ugh! my ass hole is stretching! It's so thick and hot! Y-You fiend! Why does it keep getting bigger?! Ohhh ❤❤"

――Well, of course, it would.

To be honest, the gnashing of teeth was more than a little frightening. But when this older sister looks at me with a frustrated gaze, her eyes reddening, it expands and becomes larger, pushing the limits.

"Ohh... my, my... my butt ... my butt hole is...ahh."

Don't say something that sounds like "my eyes! my eyes~!" in that context. But I also feel the same way.

"M-My dick... my dick... onee-chan is eating my dick away..."

If it weren't for me, the user of 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 this resilient asshole might... let's stop thinking about it. Because even now, it's tightly squeezing and munching on me.

"Kuhaa... ❤ You're shivering inside..."

"Because you feel so good... Hngh, it's so tight..."

"You idiot... dare to humiliate me... I won't forgive you. ――Unless we kiss."

Opening your mouth and sticking out your tongue is definitely not a kissing face, I think. But...

"Egh, *kiss*, *kiss*..."

Our tongues entwined passionately. Sensing her sweet breath and the warmth of her feminine inner mouth, we rubbed against each other, savoring each other's taste. "*kiss*... Mm, Nn... ❤ Chu..." Our lips locked together, engaging in deep kisses as our tongues explored the depths of each other's mouths. With a gentle motion of my hips, I lightly traced my fingers along her sun-kissed skin and grab her bouncing fruits.

*Squeeze, squish, squish*. Despite using all my strength in it, it felt like the suppleness and bounciness were fighting me. As I teased the tips of her nipples, I maintained an affectionate entanglement of tongues with Teresa.

"Pu, Ha... Haa... ❤ Enemy of women.....❤ You are the Breaker after all. Haha, here, suck onee-chan's breasts. You like breasts, right? Especially my little sister's breasts..."

As the younger sister watched, the older sister said those words to her sister's husband, right in front of her.

"Please, take them, Desmond-sama. You love Onee-sama's breasts, don't you?"

――Yes, I love them.

――Kuh, the maid, and the dragon are looking at me...

"In exchange, you need to call me 'Onee-chan' while you suck on my breasts next. After all, Desmond-sama is younger than me."

――Wha-!

"Yes, ma'am!"

――I have no objection at all!

"....."

"What's wrong, Charlotte?"

"But I also want to do breastfeeding handjօb play..."

"Charlotte!"

"What are you babbling about?"

As soon as I thought I heard Onee-sama's voice...

*Smack*!

Ah... I'll tell you exactly what happened just now! My beloved wife said she would give me a breastfeeding play, and as I was getting all excited. Suddenly, her older sister, who instructed me to suck her breasts, unexpectedly struck me with a powerful uppercut using her own breasts. My brain was shaken by it, and you might think I'm saying crazy things because of that, but it's a pure fact.

Um... I don't think you understand what I'm saying... But don't worry, I don't understand it either.

My head was spinning. It's not about big tits or massive boobs or anything like that. I have been enlighted that breasts can be a lethal weapon... Thank you very much!

"O-Oh...!" I thought I would break through the atmosphere and reach the moon while still in my happiness. And that moon had the shape of a breast... Lunatic!

"It's because Desmond didn't suck quickly enough. So I examine it, and I sensed some connection between you and my sister. ――How sneaky."

Onee-sama seemed a bit sulky. But what you just did is a romantic move, an "Oppai uppercut" isn't it? ――that must be.

"*Suck, suck, suck...*" I suck on the erect nipples... Pure bliss.

"*Suck, suck...*"

"You like Onee-chan's breasts that much?"

"He looks really happy while sucking it."

"My breasts aren't that big, though..."

"Don't worry, Schwarz-sama, Desmond-sama has always said. 'There's no good or bad when it comes to breasts. They're all different and they're all good. All breasts belong to me!'"

"Even greedier than a dragon..."

I never said that!

But these brown devil boobs won't let go of me.

This is truly dangerous! "*Suck, suck, lick, lick...*"

"Hoo ... Oh... Hahaha... You're licking it. Mmm... Desmond is really good at fondling buttocks, squeezing breasts, sucking, and licking... Ah... ❤"

―― Ah, indeed, I am a dangerous man.

Therefore, I'll act as one.

"Kuh... Mm, haa... you're moving❤... ――Ha ha! Desmond is moving his hips Hii...my butt... Unh... It feels strange...."

""It seems like she's about to cum"" Charlotte and Katherine's voices synced perfectly. Just like sisters.

"Oh! It's too tight." "Shut it, Desmond."

Sudden strict scolding from Onee-chan!

But it's fine. If you're going to say something like that...

"Oh, ah, hmmm... ah... this...it's moving so slow... ngh... really... "

""Looks like she's really enjoying it""

"Oh, you all shut up! Oh, ah... ❤ Hoo... ❤ ❤"

I scraped and pulled Onee-chan's sphincter muscle with my erect shaft, and even though I was a little worn out, I thrust it in again. *Squelch!* The burning flesh pole pushes inside. Her passage keeps tightening around me - it's irresistible. I vigorously thrust in and out.

"Ah, kuhaa... kuhiiii ❤ ❤ Desmond, my little Desmond ❤ Haaaaaaa~ ❤ ❤ ❤"

"Onee-chan, Onee-chan."

"Ah, haaaah ❤ ❤ ❤"

Onee-chan arches her back. *Boing!* The weapon that struck me earlier goes wild, its tip leaves a rosy trajectory. Spreading her brown legs wide, I boldly violate Onee-chan's ass. Can she keep up even if it's her first time?

――I'm sure she'll be fine.

After all, she's a demon, an erotic demon, and above all, she's the big sister here.

"Ah, aaaaaahhh ❤ Fu~aaah, haaaaaa ❤ ❤"

"Onee-chan, Onee-chan."

I thrust, pierce, and defile the brown anus of Onee-chan vigorously. She trembles, writhes, and jumps with disheveled hair, while I relentlessly pound into her, feeling a dark sense of pleasure.

Eventually...

"Kuk~oh! I'm cumming!"

"Fuuu... ha... haaaah... Desmond's this is... going in... inside..."

I tremble in her impure hole.

"In my... ass... ❤ Semen...so hot... kuuh ❤...it's seeping in. Ah, I'm yours... This Breaker... Fufu... Ah... ❤"

――*Hugs ❤*

As if in response to her outstretched hands, I embrace Onee-sama, our lips meet, and we exchange copious amounts of saliva while rubbing our sweaty bodies together.....

"――Ahem. Desmond-sama, this is quite repulsive."

And thus, I was pierced by the words of my beloved wife.

"So, how about this time――you do something naughty to me while calling me Onee-chan? It gives me the chills. Or maybe――"

"Wouldn't "Mama" be more suitable?"

Her big emerald eyes, which I love so much, were staring at me. The sensation of her soft, wavy, platinum blonde hair brushing against me was incredibly pleasurable. And...

"――I want both."

Tonight's play is――DOTCH?! (which one!?)

"Wait, little sister, Desmond's dick is still in my asshole. Don't get it off!"

――Hmm, I see. The brown-skinned Onee-chan time is not over yet, then.

"It's time to switch. It's my turn."

"No, that won't do, one more time in the ass! Alright, let's do it, Desmond!"

The little sister obediently followed her Onee-chan's command.

But.

"――In that case, Katherine."

"Yes."

"Let's take turns punishing Onee-sama."

"I am honored, Charlotte Onee-sama."

――Ah, Katherine went into full-on sisterhood mode.

Charlotte immediately latched onto the right breast while Katherine clung to the left. Both of them were completely naked, two fair-skinned beauties swarming around the brown-skinned beauty.

――Mmm, how delightful...

I feel like I was about to burst into laughter, my dragon in the nether region seemed to be ascending towards the heavens, ready to take flight.

"*kiss, kiss, slurp, slurp*... I can taste Desmond-sama here. *Slurp*." said Charlotte.

"Yes, it tastes like master's saliva. *Slurp, kiss, kiss* (I never thought that I would have the chance to do something like this with both Teresa Onee-sama and Charlotte Onee-sama. I am really thankful to Desmond-sama for making it possible.)." *kiss*.

Katherine seemed oddly happy.

And then.

"――Fuh, kuhaaa ❤, kuuu...You mischievous little sisters... Fuu, fu~haaa, sucking like that... kuku...Oh Desmond's thing is getting bigger again... Ohhh ❤❤"

The Onee-sama being swarmed by the two little sisters continued to tighten around me while moaning.

――Hmm, how delightful.

I'm gonna keep on pleasuring Onee-sama like this, and also Charlotte and Katherine. Six holes in total. And if we count their mouths, it's nine.――Gufufu.

I reached my fingers towards the honey pots and asshole of the two sisters on the left and right.

"Fauu ❤, chu...!"

"Haaa... ❤, *kiss* *kiss*..."

And Onee-sama was being sucked by the two obedient sisters next. "Kuh, hiiiin ❤❤"

――Hmm, such a lovely sisterly scene. The way they synchronize their breathing, It's like Katherine is really their sister.

And so, I made my crotch grow even bigger to handle this noble lady sister bowl.

Before I even realized it, Schwarz had managed to escape. Maybe dragons are considered strong because they can run away so quickly ..... I guess I didn't give her enough of my semen to keep her here. Alright, let's give her a stronger dose and teach her a lesson.

Prepare yourself. Gufufu――

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let's have the commendation ceremony!"

――What's happening?

In my office, after finishing my paperwork, I sat on the sofa with Charlotte-chan on my lap. We shared cookies, feeding each other and sharing them mouth-to-mouth.

"What're you two doing? Let me do it too! Fuhaha, how scandalous."

She hugged both me and Charlotte tightly from behind.

*squish*!

Her large chest was pushed against my back, and the action caused Charlotte's breasts to be squeezed even closer to me.

"Fufu, Desmond-sama has grown big. But I wonder which one of us cause the reaction?"

I'm sorry, please don't ask!

"Here here, ahh~"

Without caring about my feelings, big sister stuck out her tongue and opened her mouth. The contrast between her tanned skin, pink lips, white teeth, and red tongue was quite enticing――

"Onee-sama, it's still my turn."

Charlotte clung to me. Um, this is nice.

"I don't hear youー♪, ahh~"

She pretended not to hear and playfully wiggled her tongue.

Really, what a troublesome sister. Oh,

Charlotte fed me a cookie mouth-to-mouth, I chewed it, then returned the favor. Then Charlotte did the same for Onee-sama――

"Mmm, mmm, *gulp*. Hey, I asked Desmond to do it. But it's also quite scandalous to receive it from my sister too..."

She nodded with satisfaction――and licked her lips, savoring the taste of her sister. Well, it's certainly scandalous...

――This, what was this called again? '...c●nnil●ngus'? How nice!

"I don't care about that! Now for the next cookie. Give it to me properly, Desmond. Or shall I take it from my sister and feed it to you?"

Why does it sound more downright threatening than scandalous?

――And here I am, the lord, getting treated like this... sigh

"Here, open your mouth. I'll give you the cookie."

"If that's the case, please let me have a taste after Onee-sama ❤""

Seriously, These erotic sisters....

――Gufufu.

◇

――And so, we're now underground.

Why? I want to know more than anyone else! I never even knew there was an underground space beneath our mansion. And to top it off, it has a fully functional magical elevator.

It's an underground facility of such a scale that it makes your jaw drop involuntarily.

According to Grandpa, I was the one who dug out this place, while he was responsible for securing it. ――Apparently, it's the result of my constant digging and soil improvement for the Aldora. Liz came up with the idea to organize it. Everyone who came down with me――Charlotte, Teresa, Katherine, Ephemera, Monica, and Schwarz――seem to have known about this underground place... Wait a minute, Onee-sama and Schwarz only visited my place recently, right? Why? How did you all already know? Even the Lord didn't have any knowledge of this place...

"Desmond-sama, are you angry?" Charlotte-chan's mental communication reached me.

"Hm? Why would I be? Because of what the old man and the Parliamentary official did behind my back? Well, I was surprised, but not really. I mean, they wouldn't do anything bad, would they?"

"............"

"Charlotte?"

"that's Desmond-sama for ya."

Why are you speaking like that?! (she spoke in Kansai dialect)

And so, they led me, who had less knowledge about this place than they did.

――This is an...underground arena!?

The place they guided me to was a circular space with sandy ground, surrounded by wooden fences. This sand, it doesn't have things like teeth or nails mixed in, right?

"It's different from what normally trains."

They must be mixed in there! I see! --I shouldn't ask something so terrifying.

In such a place, the brown-skinned Onee-sama was standing tall in the white leotard of the Knight Order (though white seems to be the color of the leader) with her arms crossed under her buxom chest, radiating a confident aura ――She happily bares her teeth ferociously ――Shit, I need to run away!

And yet, my "Chicken Sense" remained unresponsive. I couldn't find any other way to describe it than completely useless. Even without relying on my abilities, I had a strong sense of impending danger welling up inside me—and it was not unfounded for me to think that way. After all,

Around the sandy arena, there were beautiful girls of various ages and types—girls, beauties, ladies, and young ladies!

What a sight to behold! The members of the "Platinum Knight" led by Onee-sama――a total of 33 young women! If we add Onee-sama, it consists of 34 female knights――though they are called knights, they all wear skimpy leotards. What splendid disorder of discipline! Well done, keep it up!

Among them, two vice-captains stood out, Mort with blue hair and Aira with red hair. They were known as the "Blue Demon" and the "Red Demon." Yet again, my "Chicken Sense" failed to react to them. Moreover, just the other day, I was overwhelmed by Onee-sama presence in front of them, so I never expected them to have such dangerous aliases!

What is about to begin? I'm trembling with fear.

"Oh? Desmondo-sama, didn't you notice? Onee-sama mentioned something about a commendation ceremony. It has always been vague, She always kept it a secret, but recently..."

Pardon?

Commendation?...you mean c●nnil●ngus?

――If that were the case, it would have been so much better.

"Fuhahaha! I'm glad to see all of you here!"

A demon onee-sama said with great enthusiasm. A very fine Knight Commander - if you do not look at her attire.

With her beauty, one would never think she was just in her mid-twenties. She had straight platinum blonde hair and her eyes, resembling my beloved wife's, were large emeralds. Her bosom was so generously endowed that even the outline of her erect nipples under the white leotard could be seen. The leotard emphasized her powerful chest and the snug fit revealed her exposed groin area, outlining the curves of her intimate region.

Even though we were underground, her hair and coat fluttered with her high spirits.

――*grin*...

With her ferocious teeth bared, her fearsome beauty displayed its fangs.

"Let the commendation ceremony begin! Our 'Platinum Knight' will now pledge allegiance to Lord Desmond Damwead, the ruler of Aldora. We will receive his sword, offer our own, and change our name to the <Aldora Knight Order>! ――I personally preferred <Desmond's Female Knight Order> or <Desmond's Rod Sisterhood> but my sister won't forgive me if I did that. Fuhahaha!"

――Thank goodness! I'm so glad she didn't name it that!

Wait a moment...

――Huh?

I slowly turned my head, as if it were making a creaking 'gigigi' sound. I glanced at the girls who had already joined the sisterhood.

"This is Desmond-sama's grand stage."

"As expected of Master."

"I want to join too... but I am already Des-sama's maid!"

"I am already the 'Shadow' of master."

"And I'm not anything!"

――Hey, did you guys know?

And what's with this grand stage? There's no sunlight underground, right? ――But why is it so bright? What kind of technology are they using?

Except for me, everyone else here is a woman. And they all seem to come from wealthy families, dressed in revealing outfits.

――Hey, is it just me, or does it smell like an emerging of a new dangerous cult?

And my senses were getting even sharper.

"I know all of you will follow me. But there aren't many of you who genuinely want to serve Desmond. So!"

With that, Onee-sama swiftly removed her coat. And then...

"Little sister!"

"Yes, Onee-sama."

Charlotte, walking gracefully like strolling through a flower garden, stood next to Teresa.

With wavy platinum blonde hair and large emerald eyes, she exuded a youthful beauty that seemed to belong to someone in their early twenties. Yet, due to me embracing and impregnating her, she also radiated the raw sexiness of a married woman. Her body rivaled her sister's, her elegant dress couldn't be concealed in the slightest.

And...

She...

Removed her dress, revealing her black leotard.

I was truly amazed.

Because Charlotte, who had discarded her elegant dress, was now...

――In a black leotard!

Charlotte-chan was supposed to wear red, but now it seems like she changed it to match her older sister, like a fallen heroine turning to the dark side.

――Black leotard!!

Let me say it again, like a transformed heroine who has succumbed to evil.

――Black leotard!!

Next to her is her older sister, who looks like a mischievous villainess. The atmosphere is intense. Moreover, there is a strong sense of sisterhood.

At the innocent age of twenty nine, Charlotte-chan lived a peaceful life, oblivious to the world around her. That is until she was deceived by a cunning creature named Des-something, who seemed to have something behind the scenes... she was asked to become a magical girl. As she burns and destroys enemies one after another, she encounters a formidable boss who turns out to be her long-lost sister. She tries to persuade Charlotte-chan to join the path of evil, but Charlotte-chan stubbornly resists, and the sister uses seductive tactics to corrupt her. However, it soon becomes evident that the true evil lies with Des-something. United by their sisterly bond, they join forces to vanquish the real threat together.

―― Such a story was overflowing from my mind all at once.

Everyone is cheering! Dirty old men shouted with utmost delight, holding hands and dancing, bringing peace to the world. What a disaster―the end!

While harboring such delusions, I thoroughly enjoyed the sight of Fallen Charlotte-chan in her black leotard.

The contrast of wicked black against her white skin. Her nipples are fully visible at the tips of her bursting breasts. Of course, her high-leg cut fits perfectly. And unlike her Onee-sama, she has pubic hair――it's not so much that it's sticking out, but it's more prominent than her sister!

She's my wife! my wife! I feel like shouting it out to the whole world.

――I won.

I have lived for the moment of victory...

No more regrets in my life!

I raised my arms in celebration.

"Desmond-sama... I'm glad you're pleased, but if you say that much, it becomes rather embarrassing."

"Then I shall do it again! I will wholeheartedly love and indulge the embarrassed Fallen Charlotte-chan!"

"Fyaa!? Desmond-samaaa..."

Her large emerald eyes met mine, and her white cheeks blushed while she wore the fallen leotard.

――Nice.

"――Hey, Don't just stare at my sister! Look at me too!"

――O-oh.

Saying so, Onee-sama announces to the other girls around...

"From now on, my sister and I will show you the meaning of receiving Desmond's sword and offer our own swords. After that, you can decide whether to join the Aldora Knight."

Onee-sama, former leader of the Platinum Knight, Teresa Terrace, gives me a challenging look.

"Desmond, shall we begin then? Let's engage in passionate, hip-swaying, sweaty, messy lovemaking!"

..........................................................................................................................................................................Eh?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The stage was set for the Commendation ceremony of the Aldora Knight Order. In other words, it's the ceremony where the members receive their recognition in the form of the Knight Order. As all the former - (or is it still present?) young members of the <Platinum Knight> watched with anticipation as Onee-sama, dressed in a white leotard, and my wife, now transformed into a fallen heroine, dressed in a black leotard, smiled at me.

I was to have sex with these two terrace sisters in front of everyone, according to onee-sama's declaration that she would teach the female knights the meaning of accepting my sword and offering themselves to me.

――But why, though?

"Fuhahaha! As expected of Desmond, your sword is still sheathed but I can feel it is already raging."

Don't say such things in front of everyone!

Well, it's true that I'm already erect, but the way you said it is just wrong!

"Then, Desmond-sama, all you have to do is show Desmond-sama's unsheath sword to everyone."

The fallen Charlotte-chan shows a blissful smile befitting a fallen heroine - but this is going to make pants too stiff to take off...

"Come on, draw your sword, Desmond."

"Let's show everyone what Desmond-sama's sword is capable of."

The sisters ask me to take off my pants in front of everyone. - What kind of bullying is this?

No, it's not bullying. Because I'm getting all worked up. ――I've come a long way....... (faraway look)

But if I take them off now, won't I be the evil that really needs to be vanquished, even with the visual impact alone?

I quietly put my hand on the belt - then smoothly...

*bounce!*

"Uwaa... why is he already erect from the beginning...?" "Did he already use lotion beforehand?" "Papa's wasn't that big when I saw it during my education..." "That... won't fit, right?" "Waa~"

――Uuu, I twitch in response to the sound of the female knights

"I... I also want to join..."

"You have to endure it, Monica. I'm also enduring too."

I also start trembling in response to the voice of my girls.

"Fuhaha! Not showing weaknesses in the eyes of the opponent, I see!"

"Haaaa ... Dejumond-jama's dick..."

――Hey, Charlotte-chan? Weren't you supposed to have regained a bit of shyness recently?

"If I remain shy when my husband is trying to show his cool side, the reputation of an erotic wife will perish!"

O-oh... ―― Thank you?

"You're welcome. So let's hurry and have sex!"

Ah, Charlotte-chan was actually quite nervous. If I reveal that, she'll feel really embarrassed. It's like a heroine who fell down but still remains true to herself——excellent!

"I am honored to receive your praise!"

Charlotte-chan gracefully made her way toward me.

*step*-*step*,

And then,

Her small and smooth hand caught hold of my erect penis.

――Kuu, it feels so good!

Charlotte-chan immediately started handling me skillfully with a stroking and squeezing motion.

"Nn, nnn..., *chuu*..."

She sucked on my lips, entwining our tongues.

Kuuu... My hips couldn't help but squirm under the touch of my beloved wife. So, I rubbed her private in return, pinching her nipple that is fully visible on her leotard――

"Nnnuu!"

――Oh, I can't get enough of her alluring body was irresistible. I got carried away and twisted Charlotte-chan's erect nipple more... "Don't forget about me."

*Grab*! Onee-chan also caught hold of my penis. Big sister's brown hand and younger sister's fair hand combined to create a terrace Onahole――or rather, semen-milking machine.

*lick*, *lick*.

And then Onee-chan's tongue licked and sucked at my earlobe...

Ku~haa! Oh!

I was filled with immense pleasure that made me feel like my body couldn't handle it anymore. I trembled between the Terrace Sisters――the ero elf sisters.

――Wait? I know it's too late to think this now, but I'm seriously going to be defeated, aren't I?

I shuddered, Onee-chan's tongue licked my cheek and then trails to my lips. The two wriggling women's tongue is now in my mouth. Their touch was hot, sweet, and the hands that handling my dick is also increasingly more intense, making me good.

"Kuhhh!"

I convulsed and trembled as the two of them took off my shirt and were playing with my nipples...

"I don't know what they're doing, but Lord-sama is twitching profusely, it seems like he's enjoying it." "It's like he's being spoiled?" "He's fondling the leader's little sister's breasts too, so he likes to act like a baby?"

――Kuh! The Lord is being watched by everyone! But it feels so good!

"In that case, I will give you even more pleasure."

"Mm, chu ❤" Charlotte sucked on my tongue, and while handling my meat rod together with Onee-sama, she trailed her lips along my neck. Onee-sama continued to relentlessly suck on my lips like she was going to suck my internal organs out... Ohhh, I'm being drowned in Onee-sama's tongue and saliva ❤

And then.

"*nib*, *lick*..."

Charlotte sucked and licked my nipple.

――Hii..., a sweet electric current is running from my nipples. Causing my penis, which is being handled by both of them, to bounce and tremble from the base. Her hickey was already etched on my neck.

And then, Onee-sama also left a kiss mark on my neck and licked my other nipple.

The beautiful sisters, one white and one brown, gaze up at me from my chest with their big emerald eyes. They lick and circle around my nipples... Ahh... It feels so good, my body is melting away. The way they handle me together, taking turns stroking my glans and rolling my balls, makes my seed-filled rod feel like it's about to explode. The copious pre-cum that overflows dirties their smooth hands, making them sticky.

"Chu, chu..." "*Lick*... chu ❤" "Desmond-sama, you're eyebrows are raising, it's so cute." "Ah, when you make that face, I want to make you feel even more pleasure."

"Ohhh..."

The sisters' tongues wiggled over my skin. They lick my thighs, abs, and slowly approach lower, teasing me. "Desmond-sama, do you want me to lick you?" "So eager for me to lick you, aren't you? Lots of embarrassing juices, too. Hahaha♪"

Huff, huff... I give the girls a pleading look as they warp my rod with their breaths.

"Fufu♪" "Fuhaha❤" "*kiss*, *lick*..."

These sisters....they're lascivious beings worthy of the name Ero elf...

Ah, I really want them to lick, suck, and make me cum quickly. I push my hips forward lightly to urge them.

"As you wish then❤" "I also can't stand it myself♪"

"Kuhoohh!"

I unintentionally raise my chin and arch my back. Shooting out lewd fluids. But it's just a pre-cum, I still can hold it in.

... Two lascivious red snakes entwine around my member.

"*lick*, *lick*..." "*Slurp*..."

"Uoooh..."

The audience around us buzzes, but I can't resist the pleasure that the sisters give me.

"Hamu❤" "humm, *bit*♪"

"Gguu!" I was bitten by a sweet bite, and a sharp, intense sensation rushes through me. A little bit amount of pee comes out. But the elder sister continues to lick without minding.

To think that I would let such a person swallow and suck on such a thing... My desire swells.

"*glug*-*glug*" "*glug*-*glug*"

They take turns sucking it into their mouths, sliding their lovely lips over my rod, sucking on my balls, licking and rolling them around, generously covering them with saliva... My entire shaft is being melted alive by ero elf.

"Kuuh, haa... haa, haa..."

"Fufufu, Desmond-sama, your eyes are bloodshot now. *kiss*❤"

"Ah, those are the eyes of a male who wants to violate and impregnate a female. Fuhaha, my lower body is tingling♪ " Onee-sama looks hypnotized.

Ugh... These ero elves are too much. There's no chance of me winning against them.

"*Chomp* ❤ *sluuuuurp*..."

"Kuh, ahh!"

Charlotte intentionally made lewd noises and looked up with her lips still wrapped around me. Seriously, she's completely fallen to the dark side. And the evil villainess starts running her tongue over my asshole.

"Kunooo... Ooooh......y-you!"

"*lick*... *lick*..."

Ooooh, Onee-sama is licking inside my asshole... Kuu... It's making my knees weak. The older sister in the backdoor, the younger sister in the front. Not good, I might end up blowing big time...!

"Kku, Hh, Hh..."

However, I endure. It's my petty pride as a man not to give in easily in front of this crowd of women. Some may suggest that I should just keep ejaculating as much as possible. But the more I strive, the greater the reward...!

"That's correct."

Charlotte smiles enchantingly while holding me in her throat.

"*nib*, *nib*..."

Ku~aaaah... Charlotte-chan, don't use your teeth, it makes me almost cum. She swallows the liquid that came out with a small gulp, narrowing her eyes.

――Fallen... the fallen Charlotte... scary...-

Then, Fallen Charlotte takes the hand of the evil villainess and lures her to my shaft.

――The real villainess is Charlotte all along...-

"Fuhaha, you have such an expectant look on your face. You spoiled brat."

"These are Desmond-sama's beloved breasts. Please defile them as you please."

The combined power of brown and white breasts is too strong!

"Ohhh..." The plump and squishy sensation enveloped me in ecstasy.

"*drip*...I use my saliva just like you told me. I've been conditioned. ――Fuhaha♪"

"You have no idea, Onee-sama, Desmond-sama trained me first. ――He trained me so well that I can't stay away from him anymore......."

"Fuhaha, then, I shall be trained so that I will not lose. *drip*....."

The sisters sandwiched me between their breasts, dripping saliva onto me. Occasionally, we would lick each other's tongues, press our lips together, our saliva mixed before letting it drip.

This valley is such an evil place, once a man sinks, he can never escape. It won't release my erect penis that has been swallowed.

"Fufufu, Desmond-sama's penis is twitching. It's released so much pre-cum, this is not proper at all."

"Fuhahaha, this juice doesn't taste good at all, it's raw and bitter. But for some reason, it makes me want more and more. Every time I drink it, I feel like I'm being turned into Desmond's woman... Fuhaha, my crotch is so hot!"

With the wet sound, they skillfully handled my penis with their superb and soft breasts. I suppressed the rising sensation while uttering pitiful moans. However, I want to mark these white and brown sisters as mine.

I want to......Bukkake them......!

*splurt*! *splurt*! *splurt*! *splurt*!

"Ah... There's so much coming out ❤"

"Fuhaha, you're all sticky, little sister."

"Onee-sama too... *lick*"

"Haha, let me lick it too. *lick*"

They continued to handle my pulsating flesh in the depths of their cleavage, licking the filthy fluids that had coated their body. With such a scene, my throbbing ejaculation won't stop. I defile the white and brown beauty with my milky cum, and they look up at me with a woozy smile.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Desmond-samaa..."

"Hey, Desmond, I'm tastier than her, you hear me?"

Before me knelt the sisters, in black and white leotards, and turned their asses facing me. They had really curvy and beautiful behinds. Their high-cut leotards made them look even plumper. And they were already soaking wet. It was like their wet slits between their soft and squishy mounds are trying to invite me.

Even their beautiful legs were dripping with naughty juices.

I have to devour them, There's no other option, right?!

"Hyaa~n ❤"

"Hoho! Two at once♪"

I embraced both buttocks that lined up in front of me. I nuzzled between their ass and licked them――I licked their moist and slippery slits on top of the leotard. What about all the knights that are watching us? ――I don't care!

I just continued to lick and tease.

Heaven, this is heaven――I licked their buttocks, their slits, their backdoors, their legs, and left passionate kisses all over their sensitive areas.

"Kufu, haa, fuhahaha..... It's wonderful ❤"

"Ah... Desmond-samaa... Please engrave in me that I belong to you... Please, mmm... ❤"

I buried my face in the Terrace sisters' buttocks, sniffing and licking through their leotards. I inserted my tongue into the gaps from the side and slurped. And then, I moved them aside...

"ahh, haa ❤ Ah... I'm being licked by Desmond-sama ❤... Mm, haaaannn ❤❤"

"You crafty sister,. Hey Desmond, taste my pussy too... Kuh~ah, nn... it entered, Desmond's tongue is in my vagina... aahh..... Haaaannn ❤"

""Haaah~~~ ❤❤❤""

"Amazing, to make Commander act like that..." "W-What's with that expression? What kind of sensation makes you have such a face?" "...Ah, big sis, incredible..." "Even the little sister is... a-amazing..."

――Gufufu.

Not only do I get to taste the amazing sweetness of these gorgeous sisters for free, but I also get excited by the voices of the surrounding women. My manhood stands tall and proud, as I become completely entranced by their enticing lower lips."

*Slurp, squelch*...

"Haah, nnnh, Desmond-sama, Dedjumod-shamaa..."

"Ahh... Desmond, only you can plant the seed inside me... Ahhh..."

I press the pleasure spot of the beautiful sisters. ""Hnnn❤❤"", their reactions are identical. The excitement of embracing both sisters at once becomes even stronger and unbearable. Then I press that pink button...

""Haaaa! Yaahhh, nnnnhhh, hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii❤❤❤""

*Squish squish squish squish, slurp slurp slurp slurp... *

""Ahh, ah, ah, ah, ah...""

――Gufufu.

"Here, you sisters can let it out together. I'm going to make you feel so good at the same time."

I tortured them with my tongue and fingers. My manhood was fully erect. Until just a moment ago, I was the one being spoiled and taken advantage of by these girls. The sight of them squirming and writhing in pleasure had all the female knights buzzing.

"Ah, aaaaahh! No, it's no good, I can't take it anymore! D-dejumonshama, I... I'm going to...!"

"Fuuuooo! Fuhaha! Wha-What's happening to my body? Has it become easier to climax than before? Ah, uoooh! Desmond has conditioned me... Ah, aaaaahh!"

""I'm cumminggg~~~~❤❤""

While remaining in a position with their buttocks raised, the girls convulsed intensely. They sprayed sweet nectar―licking and sucking sounds filled the air.

――Mmm, sweet nectar.

The two sisters reached climax together in harmony.

"O-Onee-sama..."

"S-sister."

""Desmond (-sama) make me (us) cum. Chu, nnn...""

Overwhelmed with emotion, the two kissed passionately, entwining their tongues.

――such a beautiful sisterly love.

As a man, I didn't interfere with their moment. Instead, from behind I...

"Mmmm❤"

Charlotte's buttocks twitched. I shifted her black leotard aside and pressed my rod against her entrance. While still kissing her older sister, Charlotte wiggles her hips, rubbing her lustful slit against me, begging me.

Umm, let's make this kitten cum.

*sqeunch*!

"Nnnnuuuu~❤❤❤"

"Haah... Charlotte's inner walls are amazing. They move and slide against me so good....."

I immediately grabbed my wife's ample hips and started thrusting ―*thrust*, *thrust*!

From the depths of the lewd hole, a burst of ecstatic splashes overflowed, the sound of flesh slapping filled the underground arena, overpowering everything.

"Mmm, nnuuuu~❤❤❤"

Then Charlotte...or Teresa? I couldn't quite tell, began kissing. The sweet voice of Charlotte-chan, writhing in ecstasy as I thrust into her, all ends up inside her sister's mouth.

The finest folds tightening and pulsating.

With each push, my hips ripple her buttocks,

*Squish, splash,* pleasure spurted out from her honey pot.

*slap*, *slap*, *slap*, *squelch*, *squelch*, *squelch*...

Meanwhile, the older sister next to her shifted the fabric aside by herself as she shook her buttocks, all wet and dripping.

――Excuse me for intruding.

"Nnguuuu~❤❤❤"

This time, the sweet voice of the older sister was muffled by the younger sister.

*slap*, *slap*!

Onee-sama's butt is tougher than hers. However, it's hard to determine which ass pleases me more. Even so, I can't help but think that Charlotte-chan is perfect for me, even though it's so wrong to violate her like this.

――Kyunn ❤

I felt Charlotte's womb throbbing.

――Gufufu.

Oh, so I can understand what Charlotte is feeling now.

I thrust my waist deeply into my Onee-sama's vagina and moved my hips to explore the difference between sisters. Hmmm, here? How about this? As I compare her to Charlotte, I can feel Charlotte's vaginal folds twitching in response.

"Oh!"

I feel a sense of killing intent from Onee-sama's tightness.

――Dangerous.

I rub against the spot that brings pleasure to Onee-sama.

"Uffuuu, nnnggggg❤❤"

"Commander," "Onee-sama," "Big sis,"

『Look at her face!』

The pleasant sounds echo through the underground arena. In front of the female knights, I thrust my penis alternately into their leader and her sister, squeezing their buttocks, cupping their breasts, and twisting their nipples simultaneously.

"Ohhh, I-I'm cumming!"

I pour generously into each of their vaginas.

""Aaahhhhhh ❤❤❤""

The two lewd sisters eagerly take in my desires, filling their wombs.

――Haah, a sister combo.... feels good... amazing,... haa...

What followed after that was amazing. I poured into them, made them drink it, had them swallow me, squeezed me, sucked me, ride me ―― and then I poured into them again,

I poured it all over them.

I cum.

I made them all sticky.

I made it overflow from all of their holes.

I made their bellies swell.

I circulated my magic power, used 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】, and showed them all the sexual techniques I had developed. Honestly, there was also Schwarz's influence, and I realized later that I might have become addicted to her. I was completely indulged in their bodies.

In return, I let them drown in pleasure,

――before I realized it, my crotch was all sticky and throbbing, drenched in my own and their fluids, Charlotte and Onee-sama were lying there all soaked and blissed out. Charlotte looked like some kind of corrupted heroine, her black leotard all ripped up, as if she'd been seriously humiliated. And Onee-sama was in the same state too.

As usual, Schwarz had fled――maybe it was finally time to discipline her seriously this time. Katherine, Monica, and Ephemera had become like hungry dogs that had been told to wait, eagerly eyeing the delicious meat before them...

――Did I go too far?!

But there was no room for regrets. I looked at the bewildered female knights around me...

"....."

"....."

".....So."

So?

"So cool!" "Amazing!"

The underground arena was filled with overwhelming cheer.

"Big sis," "Captain," "Onee-sama," "Little sister too."

"I can't believe he turned them into that state!"

"It's quite scary," "But it was beautiful," "I want to feel good like them too."

"Please, my lord."

"Me too," "Please accept our swords," "Please take them," "Receive mine!"

"It has to be you, no one else."

Their eyes were burned with passion as they stared at me. I stood there like a criminal that was caught red-handed with a murder weapon, which is a rod between my legs. Honestly, I couldn't understand them.

Perhaps one of the reasons for this reaction was that I had become thoroughly soaked with these two beautiful women, who have the blood of an erotic maniac and become a sloppy mess.

But I, as the Lord, couldn't ignore the urging of these ladies.

――I believe I had also become quite obsessed with lust.

Or perhaps I was driven to madness.

It seemed to have accelerated ever since I met Onee-sama.

But that doesn't matter anymore.

All around me were young ladies who desired my flesh sword, and they couldn't wait to offer theirs in return.

The Lord couldn't help but become even more excited.

◇

It was such an amazing and awe-inspiring sight.

From the renowned "Platinum Knight" to the newly-formed "Aldora Knight," the commander remained unchanged, still Onee-sama. However, this time, it was I who stood before them, offering my sword. A total of thirty-three exquisite women, beautiful ladies, maidens, noble ladies, and young ladies, all of whom wanted to receive my sword and pledge their loyalty. Among them was my beloved wife, the commander's younger sister Charlotte, Katherine, Monica, and the Ephemera. They were leaning against the fence in the underground arena, sticking out their ass and forming a line.

The two Ero elves were quickly resurrected.

Honestly, I don't feel like I can win. However,

Except for the girls who were already part of the family and Teresa, everyone else is a virgin. Moreover, most of them are high-class young ladies. These beautiful and noble ladies from prestigious families are shaking their seductive leotard-clad buttocks, begging me to deflower and impregnate them.

begging for my rock-hard and throbbing meat rod――the seed rod.

I couldn't stop anymore. What about the aftermath? It's fine, just regret it later.

I proceeded to engage with each of the girls who were shaking their ass and pleading for it, one by one ――

"Aahh...nn❤.. my lower parts is... I'm feeling strange..... fuu...nngghh... ❤"

"Aha....., such a place to be licked by a gentleman. I never thought about it. Aaah, I'm sweating....so embarrassed....."

"Phew... It's so nice to be licked..."

――First, let's taste the virgin nectar! Gotta savor it first before breaking it, right? ――Gufufu.

I slid aside the crotch area of each of their leotard, savoring the unique taste and shape of each flower. Licking, savoring, arousing, thrusting, breaking through, and making them climax ――

"Haahhhh!"

When I penetrated them, I could taste the flavor of purity on my tongue through my rod.

"Ah, ah, ahhhh... ❤ So thick, so big... Oh, so deep... "

"Does it hurt? If it hurts, please tell me. I'll make sure you feel good."

"Ah, ahhh... ❤❤"

I proceeded to give my sword to the lined-up girls of the knight order one by one. Penetrating deep inside, engraving the shape of my sword, bringing them immense pleasure as I poured myself into them.

"Auuuun, ahhiiii ❤ Amazing, I've never heard about this in the class... ❤ My mother never teach me about this... Ha, aauuuun... ❤"

The more I listen to their stories, the more I realize they have been raised as proper noble ladies. However, instead of being intimidated, it becomes a catalyst for my lust and desire.

"Ah, aahh! It's swelling inside my stomach~ ❤❤ Fuaahh ❤ It's coming out! I'm being ejaculated inside my vagina... ❤ I'm getting pregnant... ❤ The baby of a powerful lord who can make big-sis surrender... so good❤"

I tasted the bodies of each girl, including their mouths and breasts, pouring myself into each and every one of them.

I wonder how much virgin blood my flesh sword has tasted.

――Gufufu (And when I come to my senses later, I'll be in great denial. It's all thanks to the ero elf! It's because they willingly accepted my advances! Is that right? Please say yes, Charlotte-samaaaa!).

Ah, since we're already at point, might as well go for a second round.

My vitality and erect flesh pillar never diminish.

In the underground arena, semen mixed with the women's love juices, sweat, tears, drool, saliva, urine, and――even the blood from deflowered virgins.

My own roar and the women's sweet cries.

The sound of flesh hitting flesh and the splashing wet noise. The lewd scent hangs in the air, this place has become filled with carnal desires and we're at the bottom. Simmered in the bubbling flames of lust, melting away, turning into a sticky, gooey mess as we reach climax.

On this day, the "Aldora Knight Order" was born in "Aldora".

A group of noble young girls who have received my sword and offered me theirs.

――Um, actually, it's the birth of a dangerous cult.....

.....what a mess.....

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

1) Ero elf sisters

So, it was after getting kidnapped by onee-sama and finally making it back home, I ended up in a make-out session with Charlotte.

"Hohou, little sister, looks like you've become quite enchanting while we were apart."

"And it was the same for you, Onee-sama. I see that you had a delightful time with Desmond-sama."

In my bedroom, there was my beloved wife Charlotte, and her actual older sister, Teresa.

――Um...

"And of course, it seems Desmond-sama also enjoyed himself with my sister very much..."

To hear my wife say, ' You had a good time last night, didn't you?' sent shivers down my spine! And to make matters worse, it was with her older sister!

"Oh? you didn't enjoy it? Did you not fancy my onee-sama's body?"

"What are you talking about, Desmond-sama? Do you know... how much I missed you when you were abducted?"

I'm sorry!

But apparently, my sorry wasn't enough.

"Well, obviously. Your apologies won't erase the loneliness I experienced while you were away. That's why I expect you to express your sorry for me ―― for the rest of our lives, Desmond-sama."

Saying that, Charlotte-chan blushes...um, how cute.

"Naturally. Even if Charlotte never said it, I'll keep 'soothing' you forever. Even if we have enough children to build a village!"

"Fuuaaah, Desmond-sama... ❤"

And as we engaged in our affectionate conversation through our <Heart Communication>,

*Intense gaze*

Those emerald eyes were undoubtedly staring at this couple.

"You two get along so well."

"Y-Yeah."

"Of course we do."

Charlotte hugged me tightly, expressing her affection through her words.

――I am so happy.

I could feel Charlotte-chan's heartbeat through our heart-to-heart connection.

"Please stop, Desmond-sama. I'm getting embarrassed..."

Benne !(Italian for 'good')

"Also....."

Once again, Onee-sama's gaze fixed on us.

"You two are being sneaky again."

Well, even if you call us sneaky, we are a married couple, and I've always loved Charlotte-chan. I've always wanted her to pay attention to me. Now that she's even carrying our child, there's no way we wouldn't grow even closer. And I'm confident that these feelings will never change...

"Desmond-sama, please stop that."

Charlotte grabbed my arm, her thighs fidgeting as she spoke.

—Hmm, now nice.

"Gnunununu..."

Huh?! It's not Charlotte-chan, but Onee-sama that goes "Gnunununu" !? "Gnunununu" at that age... "Enough, Desmond-sama."

Yeah, that's right. "Gnununununu" is only valid until you're in your late 20s, right? After all, doing "Gnununununu" in your 40s and gritting your teeth is....am I going to be bitten to death?

"Little sister!"

Onee-sama yells.

"Desmond is truly your husband!"

Yes, I am.

"That's right"

"I think it's just so unfair that I sense some sort of harmonious aura between you two..."

Onee-sama pouted slightly.

"But he's a man I find acceptable. After all, only Desmond can impregnate me."

Onee-chan~!!

I was about to hug Teresa, but...

"Gueh!"

"You can't do that, Desmond-sama!"

Charlotte grabbed me by the nape of my neck. --In my mind.

"But it sucks to feel like I'm being kept out of the net, you know?"

You say that, but Onee-chan, I don't think anyone can keep a demon in the net.

"Desmond-sama, please don't tease her."

"It's fine. She can't hear us."

""Yay! ""

As I exchanged a high-five with my wife in my head, the demon's claws cut through my mind.

"I sensed an unpleasant disturbance."

This demon is a Newtype!

And so, Onee-sama became a little serious――this is――this is that thing, right? Like when a child who usually does naughty things gets serious, the law of character gap kicks in and multiplies the intensity even more.....

"I now understand that you two get along well. So I won't ask you to hand him over. I apologize for taking him without asking."

Why apologize only to Charlotte? Wasn't it me who was kidnapped? "What's the matter?" ――sorry, it's nothing.

And Onee-sama directed her gaze towards Charlotte...

"Hey, let me have a piece of him too."

"If that's the case, it's fine."

――An instant reply.

"Fuhaha! Excellent!"

――This is not good at- "You really think so?"

.....

――Fuhaha! Excellent!

"It's good to be honest"

Charlotte-chan nodded cutely.

So,

――That's how it turned out.

"And, my dear sister," Onee-sama declared, her gaze intensifying even more than when she requested her sister to share her husband.

"You may be Desmond's wife, but above all else, you are my sister, understood?"

Big sister looks at her precious little sister. A look of a lonely big sister who had her precious little sister taken away by a man...

"Onee-sama!"

Charlotte-chan hugged her big sister.

"Fuhaha! Good! good!"

Her innocent and joyful smile was truly fitting for calling her big sister, I decided to join in the hug and accompany them ――Quietly.

◇

――So it turned out like this.

"Chu, chu, chup... *lick*..."

"*suck* *suck* *lick*..."

"Fuha, fuhahahaha... a younger brother and sister sucking on my breasts. This is so wrong.. Fuhaan ❤"

Me and Charlotte sucked on her brown naked breasts from both sides. She looked like a woman in her mid-twenties, defying her real age, with a captivating beauty that showed no restraint, radiating both dignity and allure.

"Nhaa... nnu, n... ❤" Her enchanting tanned legs squirm with unease.

Her eyes, big and emerald-green like precious gems, were filled with desire. Her straight, platinum-blonde hair was scattered on the bed, like a flower blooming seductively in the bedroom. Both Charlotte and I took turns sucking on her tanned breasts, teasing them with our fingers, licking and nibbling on the erect tips. We were completely lost in the pleasure of being with our older sister.

Naturally, both Charlotte and I were completely naked too.

We both pressed our hips against Onee-chan's thighs, rubbing them together. With a squelching sound, we marked Onee-chan with our lewd fluids.

――Ah, they're so soft. Yet they possess an overwhelmingly forceful and violent elasticity that bounces any touched back. It's irresistible.――Gufufu.

"I agree, Gufufu."

My wife and I communicated our thoughts.

""Gufufufufu.""

"Hmm, ku... again, something is happening... but this is good. After all, this is how the sister-brother bond should be like."

――No, Onee-chan, this is highly improper for a usual family bond.

"It's alright. Because we're ero elf."

I see... Ero elves are scary.

While thinking about this and that, as the younger brother, I gently stroke my older sister's sweaty and glossy stomach that hides her strong abs muscles.

"Hmm, little brother wants to impregnate me. Fufufu, that's where your child will be conceived."

I see. In that case, I must shower you with plenty of love.

Reluctantly parting my lips and tongue from the tip of her breast, Charlotte-chan does the same. We both leave kisses on our older sister's skin as we move downward. Together as a married couple, we trail our lips and tongues along my wife's sister's skin.

Her sweet moans are irresistible.

We lifted her slender legs together. We licked the inner thighs, kissed, and continued sweeping our tongues. Charlotte-chan's cheek touched mine. Repeatedly caressing her smooth and supple skin against my cheek, we explored esteemed Onee-sama's tanned, hairless garden...

"ahh, nghh, hiiii ❤ You two...both of you...aaahh, aaah, my...my vagina is melting..."

In perfect sync, we shared a synchronized "Gufufu" .

Our synchronization rate surpassed 100%. Can we still be considered human? We transformed into beasts of desire, but so what? "*kiss*, *kiss*." "*lick* *lick*"...

"aaahhhhnnn ❤"

From left and right, we held onto the lovely petals of Onee-sama and nibble. It was a collaborative effort with Charlotte while burying our cheeks in her mound.

"Mmm..." intentionally pursing her lips, I could feel Charlotte-chan's heat and moisture as I nibbled on Onee-sama's petals――*lick lick*. Sweet nectar――delicious!

"Oh!"

While savoring the taste of Onee-sama, my throbbing manhood was gripped. Of course, by my beloved wife. She skillfully and affectionately began stroking it with practiced motions. And the rolling balls too.

Kuuu... In that case――I'll pay back twice!

"Nhiin ❤!"

As I extended my fingers toward Charlotte, her emerald eyes were filled with anticipation. ――peeling back the skin, flicking the clit then pinching it. "Nfuuu, nnn, mmm ❤"

Her warm breath against me was too sweet. I parted her platinum blonde garden and...

*schulp*... ❤

"Nnyuu ❤"

――Oh, Charlotte-chan, you're so wet. Are you that excited from licking Onee-chan's pussy?――Gufufu. "Oh!"

Charlotte-chan firmly grasped my member. She handled it with a tight grip, just the way I liked it, teasing the tip with twists and turns.

"Oh my, Desmond-sama, it seems you're really enjoying yourself ❤. The way your fingers are playing with me is... Fyaaan ❤ Aaah... It feels absolutely wonderful."

I, we, inserted our tongues into Onee-sama's pussy, and also pleasure each other at the same time――

"You guys have the audacity to use me as your flirting material... Kuaaa! Hey! Don't suck my clit...don't slurp it!... Haa, haa ❤ You, you two are so shameless..."

"Oh my, Charlotte-san, she seem quite flustered."

"That's true, Desmond-san."

""――Gufufufufu.""

Ah, this is so much fun.

While fondling each other's private parts, "Ha... Ha" I, we, gasps and panting "Desmond-sama, you seem close to climax. In that case――"

Charlotte-san made a lewd proposal to me, about her own sister. And I...

"Deal."

"As expected of Desmond-sama."

"Hey, how come you guys can flirt without saying a word?"

"It's a secret."

"Indeed."

"Right~?""Right~?"

"Gununununu."

As Onee-sama clenched her teeth, I...

*Squelch* ❤

"Ohhh... s-suddenly thrusts all the way in..."

*Splash Spurt* ❤

"Ah... Hii... You're ejaculating, being ejaculated inside is... Ah... Kuu... This, this..."

――Uuu, f●ck.

Onee-sama lifted her chin, gripping the sheets as she trembled. Sweating like crazy - loving the sight and feel of her perky brown boobs bouncing and jiggling - I kept on releasing inside my wife's own sister.

"Ahii ❤"

When I flicked her nipple, she let out a cute cry.――Unfair? Taboo? What's that? Can you eat it? This lewd pussy is squeezing so tightly, wriggling to drain everything out of me... W-What's this?

Feeling like completely reversed the situation in one shot, I continued to ejaculate inside Onee-sama's uterus.

Fuaa... It feels good...

"Kuhaa... Nn, it's hot, so hot... Why? Even though I've been fucked so much already, this fresh sensation of being filled is..."

This might be because your younger sister, who seems to have fully awakened before her older sister, is the cause. Wait, Charlotte-chan, why are you patting your sister's stomach?

"Nothing."

"That's right, there's no ulterior motive other than making Onee-sama feel good."

"Ah, it's rushing in..."

In a state of ecstasy, I kept ejaculating inside the brown-skinned elder sister.

As I lifted her chin―― "Nnnn."

But Charlotte stole her lips. I could see her tongue slipping in. Teresa, whether consciously or unconsciously, entwined her tongue with my wife――Mmm, I can't stop cumming.

Wavy and straight Platinum blonde hair. Brown and white beauty. One dignified, the other adorable, but both with large, emerald eyes. The collision of brown and white mounds, the rubbing of swollen pink buds.

The entwining of forbidden, crimson snakes.

――Ah, what a wonderful sisterly love.

I poured myself into the older sister and then I filled the younger sister. The lust of a brother-in-law reached a new height.

◇

"Ah, ah, ah, aaah ❤ Like this? Is this how I should do it, my little sister?"

"Haa...n... ❤ Fufufu, yes, that's where Desmond-sama likes it... ngh, rotate your hips while holding onto that spot."

"Oh, it's swelling. It's twitching inside me... Fuhaha, so this is what you liked, Desmond! Here, here❤!"

I'm lying on my back. Teresa is riding me. Charlotte is sitting on my face.

"Fuhaha, never thought I'd be taught how to ride a man by my little sister."

"I was taught how to ride a horse by Onee-sama too."

"My little sister has grown up. Ngh, this wild horse is thrusting into me so deep. Ngh, aahh ❤"

What a scandalous conversation this is. How indecent, I trail my tongue through the crevice of Charlotte's bush. Oh, it's becoming even more wet. ――Sweet nectar.

"Ah, nn... ❤ That feels good... Desmond-sama..."

"Fuhaha, sister, what a lovely face you have. I never imagined I'd see such a face from you... It seems you're happy now."

"Yes ❤ Very much."

"Good! Good!"

"Thank you, Onee-sama. I apologize for causing you to worry."

"It is only natural for an older sister to worry about her younger sister. Fuhaha! Hmm, ah..."

"Fufufu, Onee-sama, you have such a happy expression. Now let Desmond-sama impregnate you just like that, let's all become happy together."

"Fuhaha, that's good. Did you hear that, Desmond? Just as my little sister said, impregnate me, your older sister! Ahh, you suddenly turn forceful... How energetic. Just like that, fill my womb, impregnate me..... Ahh... ❤"

I could feel Onee-sama trembling on top of my hips.

"Fufufu, Onee-sama, you're looking so happy right now. Even your nipples are so stiff..."

"Ah, hey, little sister, you're such a mischievous one... Kuuh, don't touch it.....stop pulling.....don't pinch too. Ah, not right now... if you keep doing this then♪"

"Hyann ❤ Onee-sama, please don't touch my breasts... Ah, yaaan ❤"

"Hmph, it seems my little sister is better at fondling breasts. But this Onee-sama is the strongest! I'll show you!... Naaah ❤ D-don't suck it❤"

*Smooch, smooch*

"In that case, I too... haha, with big ones like ours, we can do things like this to each other. *kiss* My little sister is stiff too. Both of us, all sweaty and slippery... *Smooch, lick*"

"Mmm, *suck*❤"

It seemed like they were both sucking on something...

"Mmm... *smooch*, *suck*... *suck*..."

The sound of something entwined with each other...

Damn it! Charlotte's huge ass is blocking everything! I can only see the cute, adorable little hole between her buttocks....take this!

"Fumyu~!"

"Nuh, Desmond, what are you doing? If you're bullying my little sister then, take this!"

"Ohhhh!"

Her inner muscles tightened and pulsated strongly.

But I didn't stop kneading Charlotte's ass, I didn't stop flicking her anus. The sticky nectar also entangled with my tongue was amazing...

"Fuwa, yaaah~ ❤"

"You make such cute sounds, little sister. *Chu*."

"O-Onee-sama... ❤ *Chu*, *kiss*..."

I, I can't see! But Charlotte's ass is too irresistible!

――Gugunununu.

Chu, chu, *lick*, *kiss*... ❤

The obscene wet sound resonated.

The noise of sisterly love intertwined.

Considering that this is a contribution to that, I can't help but think that this treatment is also good.

Or rather, this is such a blessing.

The lord who is captivated by the sisters pondered. I ejaculated once again inside Onee-sama's womb while licking my beloved wife.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

2) Taking a walk

Haa, haa...

The girl's heated panting was filled with unadorned sensuality.

"Nn... kuun... haa, nn... ❤"

Her sweet voice is melting as if it had been dusted with honey.

Her adorable ass shook. Between that valley, an enchanting tanned slit twitched, from which her desires slowly trickled down.

And just above her bottom is a dog's tail. With her flaxen tail curled and swaying with shame and pleasure, the most embarrassing part of her woman is fully exposed.

"Ah... ❤ Kuun, Des,-sama... ❤"

"No, Monica. You're a dog. Dogs don't speak."

At her master's words, as well as the gentle tug on the leash, Monica's tanned fifteen-year-old beauty's face falls. Her eyes droop, her lips are parted, and she gasps for air repeatedly, drool dripping from her mouth. Her short, flaxen hair swayed and her delicate breasts jiggled. A pink bud is already swollen at the tip of the trembling girl's mounds. She is on all fours, completely naked, held by a leash connected to a collar, and being taken for a walk by her beloved master.

――This happened underground.

Desmond learned of it the other day ―― a secret underground arena where the <Aldora Knights> ceremony was held. In that place, where he had been indulged in a lot of male-female action, Desmond took Monica, a 15-year-old girl he had impregnated and turned into something else that wasn't human for a walk, completely naked and wearing a collar and leash. He was dressed in casual clothes and is now desperately trying to keep his composure.

Why did it end up like this...?

He had a faraway look in his eyes...

In his office, Desmond, who had just finished his work was absentmindedly watching Monica, who was faithfully making tea for him under the guidance of her senior maid, Katherine.

――She's a dog girl, doesn't that mean that walking play is in order?

Such obscene thoughts crossed his mind.

"In that case, why not ask her? I'm sure she'd wet herself with joy."

"Huh?"

Just as he thought that, his beloved wife Charlotte quickly produced a collar and leash from the deep valley of her ample bosom.

He desperately wanted to examine exactly what was going on in that cleavage right now, in great detail――

"I'll be asking you for a lot of that tonight myself..."

Fuufu, collar and leash in hand, forefinger gently pressed against her delicate lips, Desmond's crotch had already swelled in response to his enchanting wife.

"Monica, it seems Desmond-sama wants to take you out for a walk."

"Eh!? really?? Des-samaa!"

Such innocent, sparkling eyes...

"Y-yeah."

――It was totally that Ero elf's fault,

...

――Fine! it's all my fault!

"Monica, do you enjoy walking with me?"

The lord decided to ask the fifteen-year-old dog-eared girl.

"Fu, kyuuun...❤"

She had the look of a female in heat, a heart symbol in her eyes.

"....."――Alright!

And Desmond decided to pat Monica's head.

"Nfuu~nnn......♪"

She looked so blissful and adorable, with her cute buttocks wiggling. An endless stream of desire welling up inside. Desmond found himself unable to resist and proceeded to carry on...

"Ahhh... ❤" Her voice got all sweet and submissive when his fingers touched her. Desmond started stroking her dog ears, then moved down to her head, tickling her chin, her neck, and the base of her shoulder blades...

"Ah, ah... ❤" Her sun-kissed face expressed the joy that run through her entire body. She panted heavily, like a female dog, and drool dripped from her mouth as her hips involuntarily wriggled, begging for more touch...

"Monica, hold."

"Haa, ah, fuuu..."

Her waist unconscious squirmed with just a gentle touch—Monica blushed, looking embarrassed.

――Gufufu...

Desmond, tenderly and provocatively, continued to caress her waist.

"Mmm, ah, ah, haaah...❤"

While feeling shy, Monica also enjoyed the sensuality. Despite restraining her hips movements, she want more. He continued to stroke the smooth, still immature waist of the girl. To think that his child resided in her belly...

――Um, this is a crime, right?

Even though he thought so, Desmond couldn't stop his hand, even when Monica's back arched like a bow. He descended further...

"Ha, ah, huuh..."

Monica's tail raised, her head lowered, and she lifted her buttocks, assuming the posture for mating.

――It was automatic.

"Fugyuuu~... fuu❤❤"

In that state, Monica's buttocks are being caressed. Her body twitched, *squish, squish*, and her fluid gushed out.

"Monica, you're a little spoiled, aren't you?"――Gufufu.

"Hhhhhhhhhhhh ... ❤"

As his fingers slid into the crevice of her buttocks, Monica's whole body trembled. The base of her tail was rubbed and thoroughly massaged, and when his fingers touched the tight entrance, she jumped with a start.

"Huh....a, ah...❤❤"

"Good, so wet already, huh?"

Hauuu... ❤ Nfuuu, nuaa... ❤" She pressed her wetness against his fingers as if marking her territory. Breathing heavily, a satisfied smile on her face, she enjoyed as his fingers playfully toyed with her petals, her buttocks wriggling with increasing intensity.

*schulp*

"~~~~~~❤❤"

"It's sucking on my finger and won't let go. What a slutty bitch."

For Monica, that was a reward. Perhaps a result of her training. The lord's wife had taught her the technique of squeezing his fingers and trying to pull them in deeper and deeper.

"Ah... Aahh... Mmm... ❤" Wiggling her ass, she sang praises to her beloved master with all her heart and soul.

"Naughty Monica. You like it here, don't you?"

"Kuhii~... Ahh... ahhh... ❤❤"

As Desmond bent his finger, Monica's body convulsed and thrashed. With his finger still in her hole, her buttocks lifted high and swung uncontrollably. Her wet hole desperately clung to his finger, inviting him deeper and deeper.

But it was not the pleasure that truly pleased Monica.

――Des-samaa ❤ Des-sama, Des-sama's fingers, he remembers my favorite spot... ❤ I'm so... happy, it feels so good.~ ❤

*Schlurp Schlurp , Schlurp Schlurp ... ❤*

"Ah, hiiin ❤" ――Right there..yes..... Des-sama, I love you... ❤

Her head fell, her fingers scratching at the sandy ground. Endless honey dripped from her lifted behind, and the shuddering of her body, unable to contain the pleasure, couldn't be stopped. "Ah, aaahhhhnn ❤❤"

From the trembling girl comes a sweet nectar of delight. Monica continues to spurt out embarrassing juices while still holding his finger inside her vagina.――And then.

"Wahhhhh!?"

Desmond lifted Monica's thigh. All he's seeing right now is a quivering girl's petal. He slurped up the flower. A sweaty and musky scent tickled his nose. Soft and plump flesh. There was no way it wouldn't be delicious.

"Hyahhhhhhhh...!" ――Des-ama...❤

"*lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*" (Wasn't she the one who was supposed to be a dog?)

"Nnnnnnggg❤❤ wahhhhhhhhhhh...❤"

With a series of sucking and licking sounds, he licked the petals of the girl.

"Ohhhhhh.... hhnng, nnnn, wahhhhh ❤"

Monica put her hands in the sand and her pussy was licked and kissed all over in a position that felt like she was almost upside down, as if she were standing on her head.

The girl's body undulated and writhed as he lifted her backside. Desmond tasted the nectar spurting out from the girl's vagina as much as he could. The seductive passion swept over him as if she was marking him as her own. Monica feels her scent sinking into the body of the man she loves――

"Huh, nghhhh, fuhhh....❤"

A delighted dog was happily wagging her tail on the sandy ground. The tan girl had a dreamy expression on her face and her pretty lips drooled uncontrollably. Her nipple stands erect on her still-developing breasts. The entrance between her innocent thighs twitches, spilling thick, lustful honey into the sand...

――I went too far!

Desmond thought, but there was no sign of remorse in the bulging contents of his pants. The eyes of the girl directed their gaze towards the bulge.

*lick*

She licks her lips.

――Ah, seriously, she's grown into such a lewd girl. It can't be helped, I guess...

The man fiddled with his belt and then took out the male rod with his pants still on.

Like a pervert that had his tool out of his zipper in public. However, there was no one in this place who would report it.

Her eyes were shining with excitement.

"Fukyuuuuuu...❤"

Before Desmond could call her, Monica approached on all fours.

"Do you want it that much?"

Desmond thrust his hips pants forward.

"Haauuu... ❤"

"Wait."

"Hmph, nghhh... hah, hah..."

Monica stuck out her tongue and drooled, staring at Desmond's meat.

――Ungh, seriously, it looks like she's going to eat me.

Even though it's the other way around.

"Wait, hold."

Saying so, he moves his hips and provocatively waved the meat in front of the female dog's nose. When it lightly tapped her soft cheek, he could see her body trembling.

*slab*, *rub*...

He rubbed the tip against her tongue. The body heat of the girl. The sensuality of the slick tongue. And most importantly, the dark desire was so vicious that it made Desmond's hips tremble. He rocks his hips, rubbing his pre-cum on the girl's tongue and then on her pretty lips.

However, for the female dog that is being made to wait, this is anything but rather a tantalizing reward while keeping her on edge. From the position of squatting and spreading her legs, the nectar of delight flows endlessly.

*Nuph!*

And,

Desmond lightly pushed the girl's lips apart and rocked his hips, sending shivers down her spine. After a couple of thrusts to the base, he pulls out the girl's saliva-soaked shaft.

The tingling sensation was warmed by her gaze.

"Monica, take it good and slow."

"Fuu, Haau ❤ *sniff* *lick* *lick*......"

"Ho-oh..."

The pleasure of being sniffed by a girl. The feeling as she slowly and lovingly licks the backside of his cock as commanded. The girl's pink tongue lolls against the grotesquely veiny male organ, making him squirm with pleasure.

Desmond's erect rod was licked up and down by Monica, who seemed eager to lick his testicles as well, licking the base with gusto. She licked and sucked, swirling her tongue around, drawing him into her mouth, and Desmond was further tantalized.

"Nuuuu~ooo." a beautiful girl's tongue traced along the underside. Looking up with the heart symbol in her eye, she delicately licked the tip where droplets glistened.

"Good job, Monica..."

She responded with a soft hmm. She playfully showered him with affectionate kisses, and sensually licked his glans, captivating Desmond.

"You've gotten better... and obedient."

"Mmmmmm...❤"

She pressed her lips sideways, sandwiching the thick shaft, and moved her face up and down while licking it slickly. Her eyes were gazing up at him dreamily.

Still in a state of bliss, trembled with small spasms,

Monica licked him provocatively as if taunting him. And then, sensing the the timing is right.

"Haah..." She open her mouth wide, the opened lips of the girl and the male organ formed a lewd contrast. "Humm❤"

"Ku", a little bit of juice came out.

For Monica, this is an irresistible reward.

――Des-sama is feeling good because of me.... "Nfu ♪"

Her lips delicately clasp the grotesque male organ, and a joyful exclamation escapes her nose involuntarily. A beloved bitterness spreads within her mouth, while a dizzyingly sweet fragrance of his went into her nose, irresistible and intoxicating.

"Hmmm, nnghhhh, nnghhhh...♪"

Monica becomes more and more infatuated with her favorite meal. When she looks up, she sees her beloved master staring at her with a gentle, pleasing expression on his face. The girl's eyes twinkle as she sucks him, making obscene sounds. Her reward is the taste of the male, which becomes more and more intense and stimulating as he jerks in her mouth.

"*glug* *glug* *glug*....." ―― Go deeper. Please keep ramming your cock into me, not just the back of my throat, all the way into my stomach. "Fuuuuuuue ❤"

Twisting and entwining her tongue, Monica greedily sucks up his juices. Her dog's tail sways gracefully as a puddle spreads on the sandy ground beneath her.

"Kkuu..."

Desmond splutters.

――Ah, Des-sama, release it. ejaculate. Come on out. Fill this Monica's mouth with delicious semen... "*slurp*, *slurp*, *slurp*♪"

The obscene sounds reach their peak, and Monica feels the strength in his hips.

―― Des-sama....is holding back. When he holds back so much, the amount will be even more explosive... ..."Fuhiiin ❤"

When she thought that, Monica twitched with spasms. The pleasure poured into her, that ecstasy, that sweet sensation. It was poured into her mouth, her thighs, every part of her body, engraved, ingrained, and taught the joy of being a female, sparking a sensation even though he hadn't climaxed yet.

"Monica, I'm going to cum."

"Nnnhhhhh coming❤❤" ――Wait, I just..... Des-sama, if you make me swallow it now, I'll...❤

"Nnghhhhhhhh ❤❤! Nnnnghhhhhhhh ❤❤❤❤"

She burst along with the explosive desire that erupted in her mouth. *splurt*, *splash*! She spewed out shameful nectar, and her eyes rolled back. Yet, she didn't release her lips. Between the two petals, the male shaft wriggled and thrashed, spitting out something bitter, thick, and sticky into her mouth. She would never spill a single drop of it.

That is the pride of being a dog who serves her beloved master.

"Ah... that felt good, Monica."

Her master's tone... It was like he was talking right after taking a leak.

――If it were Des-sama, I would even drink his piss...

That's what a fifteen-year-old thinks. And surely it goes the same for her master.

Monica loosened her lips and opened her mouth, making sure not to spill what she received from her master. On the girl's pink tongue, there was a white, thick liquid. She closed her mouth, chewed it, savored the taste, and then swallowed it with a gulp, she then proudly opened her empty mouth.

She smiled blissfully as he lovingly stroked her head and praised her.

◇

"Mmm, nnhaaa... ❤ Nngh, kyuuhhhh... "

A sandy ground surrounded by a wooden fence. There, Desmond inserted a meat rod into the dog-eared beauty and let her walk around.

The girl's pussy, with the adult man's penis in it, was dripping drops of lust and leaving its marks in the sand from their walk. Monica was bare-chested and on all fours with her buttocks raised, frigidly shaking her hips against the meat rod that was penetrating deep inside her body.

――Hah, ahhh...so happy...

Not wanting to lose their hold, the girl's honey pot tightened, unwilling to release its grasp.

Desmond strokes Monica's cute ass.

"Monica has become quite a naughty girl, hasn't she?"

He firmly grasped her with both hands and spread her wide, causing her anus to twitch with desire. Below that, a frothy mixture of love juices clung to their joined parts.

With a gentle movement of his hips, Monica's cute and delicate moans echoed in the underground cavern. He had already ejaculated inside her several times.

Desmond lifted Monica with a little effort.

With a forceful thrust, his manhood plunged deep inside her.

"Nuuuuu❤ Nnnnn❤"

Ecstasy burst forth from their connection. And...

"Hey, Monica, since we're walking together like this, why don't we mark our territory?" Desmond suggested carelessly, keeping a firm grip on the surprised Monica.

"Hwa!?" Monica exclaimed, taken aback as Desmond lifted her and headed towards a wooden fence as if nothing happened.

With each step, her uterus rose and fell onto his tip, overwhelmed with happiness from the walk, the embrace, and the sex. Monica couldn't help but fear that she might melt away by this overwhelming state. However...

"Look." Desmond said, lifting Monica onto his waist and spreading her legs apart. His request penetrated the depths of her womb.

――Ahh... Ahh... It's... embarrassing. Too embarrassing, Des-sama...

Although Monica had experienced countless pleasures by him, being coerced like this by him was unlike anything she had ever encountered before.

――This is... wonderful. Des-sama wants all of me. Well, if it's Des-sama, even if it's embarrassing... the dog girl thought, still penetrated by him.

Desmond lifted the dog girl in his arms, still inside her, and thought,

――"Huh? What am I doing? But it's fine, isn't it? As a lord, I can order anyone around! Plus, we're underground. No one can see us..."

"......" My wife and I understand each other perfectly, so no problem. "Hyaan... ❤ If so, I'd like to ask you something like this too."

"O... Oh..."

I ended up taking a wrong turn. But there.

"So indecent, he wants her to urinate, and while mating too..."

――There, I see a shivering dragon.

――I was so surprised that she was here.

Since I hadn't been able to capture her, I assumed she had run off already. It seems that she was hiding underground. But my hands are full with Monica now, I won't fuck and force a dragon to urinate.

"Ngg!"

And with that, he can feel the girl's abdomen flexing.

Desmond leaned forward and stared at the jointed part.

*splash* *splash* *splash* *splash*...

A golden bridge was drawn, a testimony of a crime of the lord.

――Nufu, Des-sama swelled up inside my vagina.... I'm so embarrassed, so ashamed, but if it's pleasing him.... ahhh!.... peeing while being held by Des-sama, it feels so good...❤

Desmond then ejaculated inside Monica as her folds tightened tightly. As she relieves herself, he cum inside her already-impregnated body.

――Maybe it's better for me not to get out from the underground for now.

Desmond can no longer stop his perverted crime spree.

And the dragon girl had already escaped. Again.

While understanding his own perverted nature, Desmond continues to ejaculate inside Monica, who is still peeing.

"Nkyuuuuu...❤ *lick*..." When Monica, with a heart symbol behind her eyes, licks his face, he captures her tongue and sucks on it.

――Nnnn, he ejaculates a lot inside... Des's tongue tastes good.... Nngh, I can't stop peeing...

Aldora's underground.

Aldora peach darkness, blends with a golden hue.

Aldora's tomorrow, a mystery yet to be beheld.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

3) Study Time with a Naughty Teacher

"Ah, it's Lord-sama, Desmond-sama!"

"Papa!"

"Give me your seed."

――Hey, Sophie, what the hell are you teaching here?

As Desmond's intense gaze fell upon her, Sophie, the female teacher who teaches children, or rather the citizens in this school, turned away with a blush on her cheeks.

"Amazing, Desmond-sama can impregnate a woman just by looking at her."

"Yeah, that's how he got Sophie-sensei pregnant with their second kid, she said it herself."

――At least tell them the truth, sensei!

――There's no way I can tell them!

"It's a grown-up affair, isn't it?"

"In this case, it can't be helped."

Indeed.

Desmond communicated with his beloved wife through "heart communication." because he had left her at the mansion. She was staying home alone. And the reason was...

"A woman becomes more beautiful as she keeps her secrets."

She said those things, but honestly, she was more on the cute side. And am I the only one who gets a little thrill when she keeps her secrets like that? It's definitely not just my imagination that I feel like when I try to peek at those secrets as if lifting her skirt.

"If it were my skirt, you wouldn't just lift it, you would dive right in."

"..... I suppose so"

Anyway, today Desmond came to the school for a serious inspection. Next to him was the maid, Katherine. In the shadows lurked Ephemera, an assassin. There couldn't be anything more unfitting to bring to school a pervert masochist maid and an assassin.

And so, the lascivious Lord of Aldora, Desmond, began his inspection.

The chalk strikes the blackboard. It is a language class now. Students of various ages gather together, with older ones assisting and teaching the younger ones.

It's a place where children gather. And occasionally, adults as well. The atmosphere is reminiscent of an old-style schoolhouse.

However, even with many children, it is a remarkably quiet and serious classroom. And that's to be expected.

For the boys is: "Behave, or Lord-sama will revoke his blessing."

And for the girls: "If you don't become respectable, refined ladies, Lord-sama won't give you his seed."

Lord-sama was contributing to the children's education and also to their morals.

—What a terrible way to educate... And what even is this "blessing" they're talking about?

I'm not some pervert ero elf!

Though he thought that, everything was going smoothly with education and the management of his territory, he should just be grateful and rejoice. But is it really a good thing?

Parents were delighted by the situation where their children could receive a real education. They respected the Lord who provided it. Mothers and daughters, with their spouses' consent, are willing to open their legs to the lord and bring noble blood into the family.

There was nothing wrong with it.

Whether one would label it as brainwashing or blind devotion is another matter.

But whatever the case, the people do not starve, they revered and worshiped the Lord, and there was no war. That was the way of life in Aldora.

And what is the point of an inspection when a lord is just spacing out?

——Because...

To keep teacher Sophie's horny gauge maxed out, it served as a professional motivator for the employee.

She was a beautiful maiden with flaxen hair tied up in a bun. Her eyes were a vibrant hazel color, giving off a slightly melancholic impression, and she had a certain allure.

Glancing discreetly, Sophie-sensei would occasionally cast her gaze toward Lord Desmond. Nevertheless, one must never look at her breasts. No one can anyway.

"Sophie-sensei looks like a woman in love."

"Yeah, that's probably why she ended up getting knocked up by Lord Desmond again. I should take notes."

——I feel more pressure than usual!

Resisting the urge to pass out, Desmond gulps.

"Hey, don't make that face. We girls can feel jealous too, but it's not the same with Lord Desmond, okay? He's just giving us his seed once."

"I-I know...Geez. Lord Desmond is like a deity after all."

Hey, there, no need to forcefully increase your NTR tolerance, okay? I'm not asking for a virgin sacrifice or anything, okay? If claiming your "first-night rights" makes you happier, then just go for it, okay? Makes sense, right?

The school, where children come together, reflects the essence of the entire region. Inspecting such a place would provide valuable insights into the reality of the territory. However, it's clear that Lord isn't currently occupied with such thought.

He's just about ready to pass out from the sheer weight of what lies ahead for this territory and the messed-up state of the education system.

However,

—it's peaceful.

—Indeed, it's peaceful.

—Peaceful.

Desmond, Katherine, and the lurking Ephemera in the shadows absentmindedly gazed at the sky through the window.

――There was a dragon flying there.

It was peaceful.

◇

Sophie is a teacher.

She was fortunate enough to be born as the daughter of the former village chief of Aldora, considering her weak physical condition.

Before Desmond arrived, back when she lived in a remote village, she wasn't exactly privileged, despite being the village chief's daughter. However, there were books in her father's house that were not found in other houses. They were books that her ancestors had desperately collected and preserved, books that represented an education befitting the village chief, even in a small, remote village. Sophie devoted herself to reading those books.

It wasn't that she intended to pursue academic studies. With her frail body, reading was the only thing she could do. However, it was through this that she became the first woman to exercise her rights as Desmond's wife, bore his beloved child, regained her health, and even became employed as a teacher. It's a remarkable example of how education can help a person.

Moreover, even though the difference in social status between nobility and commoners cannot be overcome, her beloved Desmond occasionally visits the school for inspection. At such times, she becomes overly conscious of him, and her teaching tends to be neglected. However, the students were perceptive enough to realize this and knew better than to disturb their teacher in her lovestruck state. They understood that interrupting her would lead to unforeseen consequences. As a result, the students watched her with a combination of amusement, fear, and excitement.

――If it were allowed, she would like to be closer to him. She wants to serve by his side. And if possible, become the mother of his second child.

―― How many times has she repeated such fantasies? Yes, it was supposed to be a delusion. However, now it has come true. Not only has she moved into his mansion with our daughter, but they also bathe together, playfully touch each other when they pass by, and at night, they embrace each other passionately....completely naked―― Just the other day, they finally conceived their long-awaited second child through outdoor group sex. Even now, she is at the peak of happiness, and if she continues to immerse herself in this daily life, even the idea of a third or fourth child doesn't seem like a dream.

――Uhehehehe...

And so, she must desperately suppress the grins during class.

And now,

There's one more person who was desperately trying to restrain his voice.

It was the lewd beast, Desmond.

"Desmond-sama, are you going to play with this female teacher today?"

"What?! What do you think this sacred place of learning is?! Are you kidding me?!"

"Is that not the case? Don't you feel tempted? Don't you want to educate the female teacher in her place?"

――The lewd beast succumbed to the lure of the ero elf.

After the morning classes ended and the children temporarily returned home, the vile beast sprang into action. By the way, maids took positions at the entrance of the room, effectively sealing it off to trap the captured women. He was like a picture-perfect example of the despicable noble.

He committed the act between the shelves in the library.

――Desmond-sama, alone with me in the library...does he want to attack me?

Sophie, who held such expectations, was embraced from behind.

"Nnghhhh, hmmm....."

Only the books heard the muffled female gasps....except Ephemera in the shadows, the maid in front of the door, and The lord's wife who was connected to "heart communication". ―― quite a few people heard it.

The female teacher is equipped with a certain type of clothing with destructive power known as the "virgin killer outfit". The lord couldn't resist the urge, his hands reached towards nothin...*cough* Sophie's modest chest and groin...

With a rustling sound, the lord's fingers explore her body. The skirt, restrained by the man's hand, creates a sight that is irresistibly erotic...

Sophie covered her own mouth, while her other hand reached towards Desmond's groin.

This woman also possessed the talent of a seductress.

But not with a hungry hand like Charlotte, Teresa, and the others. She only rubbed him lovingly, which was mild and tasteful. Desmond rubs his hips against her hand himself, trembling with pleasure.

He sucks on her neck, carving a hickey on the neck of the female teacher who still has afternoon classes to attend.

"No... It's no good, Desmond-sama... Ngh..." Though she said that, the voice that leak out couldn't hide the pleasure. She was a woman who actively wanted to show that she belonged to Desmond. Her restrained expression was melting with delight.

Desmond burying his nose in her hair, sniffed the sweet scent of a woman, completely unaware of her protests. "Desmond-sama, not...not there," she whispered. As Desmond lifted Sophie's long skirt, his fingers slithered stealthily like a snake, sneaking under the hem of her blouse.

――Desmond-sama's cock is already so hard..... ❤Hah!

Sophie rubbed and moved her fingers with pleasure.

"Kuu."

With a light scratch, Desmond felt a shivering surge of sweet electric current coursing through him.

However,

――Why did it give me a shiver, not just a pleasant sensation?

Wasn't he, as the possessor of the skill "Chicken Sense", fell the reaction? No, it was because he thought Chicken Sense gotta be Chicken Sense after all. The keyword is "betrayer."

――Well, as long as 'Chicken Sense' doesn't react, I suppose I'll be fine, he thought.

Like an ant in an ant nest, Desmond's fingers advanced into Sophie's clothing. Her skin was smooth to the touch. Although she still had a slender figure with little flesh on her frame.

"Sophie, somehow you're getting more and more cuddly." He gently stroked her smooth abdomen, rubbed her thighs, and let each finger slide upward.

"Mmm... How do you feel about me like this?" She nervously pressed her legs together, her body swaying subtly as if guiding his fingers toward her most sensitive areas.

Whether he was aware of it or not, Desmond brought his lips close to Sophie's ear. He considered himself unsightly, wearing a sweet handsome noble mask, but his appearance complement the situation.

"I love it."

"Ahh ❤ Nnnn~ ❤❤"

With an excessively sweet voice and breath (compared to Sophie's own), Sophie's slender body trembled. She felt her inner thighs moistening with sweet nectar. And there....

"I love you. After you give birth to our second child, I'll impregnate you with the third one right away."

"Ah ❤ Ah ❤ !!! ❤ ~~~ ❤ !! ❤"

Sophie was emitting moans like radio waves.

『understood.』

Everyone who listened attentively agreed.

In the midst of it all, Desmond gently touched Sophie's underwear. He can tell that it's completely soaked, rendering it useless as underwear.

"Sophie, you're all wet. Do you want my child that much? Do you want to be impregnated again? Or? Is it just that you want to have sex?"

He lightly stroked the slit over the thoroughly soaked underwear.

"Mmm ❤"

"Well, Sophie, the answer?" When he found a swollen bud, he focused on flicking it.

"Nn, fuhhhh ❤... E-everything ❤"

"What a greedy girl."

Slightly, he lightly pushed his finger along the slit on the underwear.

"❤! ❤! ❤! ~~~~ ❤❤❤"

In his arms, Sophie trembled and quivered. Even after climaxing and returning to reality, she was still in his arms.

"...Are you okay?"

Sophie nodded while holding her nose. Nose?

"I see."

Desmond resumed caressing. "Haa, nnn, fuuuu..."

Sophie was self-conscious about her breasts. But to Desmond,

"There is no distinction in breasts!"

He proved it with her body.

"Nfuuhh, nnn, nuuuu..." When he gently played with her breasts from the edges of the cloths, she trembled with shame, joy, and a sense of fulfillment. Her private place was still being stimulated along with her underwear. Desmond's finger eventually slipped under, stirring Sophie.

"Nguuuu ❤, nfuuuu ❤"

Desmond grabbed the bent-over woman and continued to make her wriggle. She bit her finger and suppressed her voice, she felt the hard and erect thing pressing against her buttocks.

He directly teased and flicked her nipples.

"Nfuuaa, nnuuuu ❤!"

Unconsciously, she let out a moan, and Desmond sucked on her lips. Their tongues entwined, eager to respond. Desmond lifted Sophie's long skirt, grabbing her waist. He pressed his erect member against her soaking-wet crotch.

He lifted her blouse, kneading her precious assets, sucked on her flushed nipples.

"*kiss*, *kiss*"

"Mmm, Desmond-sama..."

"What is it?.... I see. Sophie, you're already desperate for this, aren't you?"

He rubbed and pressed his male part against her female part.

"Ah... Please don't tease me (translation: Please insert it quickly)."

――Hm? I feel some kind of strange compulsion... Well, whatever ♪

Before she could even think, He shift her panties aside and position himself. The squelching sounds mixed as the fluids of both man and woman combined.

――It's somewhat terrifying but also thrilling.

But Desmond is not one to hesitate and advance his hips.

"Ah, aaah!"

A sweet voice that shouldn't be heard in the school. The overflowing nectar gushed along the man's shaft and spilled onto the floor.

"Sophie, be quiet."

"But, Desmond-sama... Nnn, fuuu ❤"

When their tongues touched, they instantly entangled. Desmond held one of her legs and thrust his hips.

"Nuuhh, nnnu, haaah, nfahh... ❤"

Sophie wrapped her arms around his back, clinging to him lovingly. She moved her hips as well, pleasuring him and indulging in him - devouring.

"Haaah, haaah, Sophie... I love you. I'll impregnate you over and over, make you give birth to lots and lots of child..."

"Yeah, I'll have your babies, get knocked up. Mmm, haaan... ❤"

The bookshelves in the library creaked. The distress and sweet voices of the man and woman, along with the squelching sound of their rubbing, echoed in the room. The erect flesh rod tastes the taste of a woman, igniting a sticky sensation and urging the male to release his seed.

"Ah... I-I'm cumming, Sophie..."

"Yes, aah... Please, Desmond-sama!"

Desmond plunged deeply into Sophie and released his seed. Twitching and pulsing, the thick semen poured into her.

"Ah... Haaaa..."

Sophie exhaled with a blissful expression.

◇

"Uh, ho, so that what's seeding was..."

"But I thought Sophie-sensei was already pregnant.....".

In front of the library door, the girls peeked through the gap.

"H-hey, show me too, it's about time to switch..."

"Yes, it's time. Please follow the order and be quiet."

Katherine said expressionlessly. She was a cold and beautiful maid with reddish hair tied up. Her brown eyes gently observed the girls waiting in line. Emily was among them.

"That's not seeding, it's sex."

"Sex...?"

"Yes, seeding is the act of impregnating a woman, but sex is the act of making love physically between a man and a woman."

"Making love..."

"That's right."

Katherine nodded.

"It's a very pleasurable thing."

Katherine gently touched her cheek with her hand, and her eyes relaxed. Naturally, her lips also curved upwards.

The girls looked at the seductive figure of the adult woman and...

"I want to do it too, I want to have sex with Desmond-sama!"

"I want to, I want to!"

"When you grow up, yes. Focus on studying until then."

"Yeees."

Katherine nodded approvingly at the obedient girls.

"By the way, there's another hole..... for sex."

"Katherine, let's stop there."

A white-haired beauty dressed like a man stopped her.

"That's a shame."

Katherine looked genuinely disappointed.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

4-1) The indignation of the parliamentary official

It was early afternoon and the sun was high in the sky. Inside Desmond's mansion was a room that resembled a room in a love hotel. Originally, this room was meant to receive young girls to exercise their "first night right" and bestow upon them the chance to lose their virginity, a one-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

"Hah, ah, ah. My lord, I, ugh."

"Huh....... ha, ah, ahn......."

The sound of the indecent pounding of flesh and the girl's charming voice echoed.

Behind the girl, with her hands on the bed and her ass sticking out, Desmond shook his hips vigorously.

She is a Knight of the recently founded Aldora Knight Order. With her flawless white skin and golden ringlets, she unmistakably bears the mark of a noble lady. The color of her tight-fitting leotard is a bright yellow. Maybe it's because she likes curry.

"Ahh, ah ah an....... my lord's penis! So good!"

Her shapely eyebrows arched and her forehead sweating as she accepts Desmond.

He thrusts his hard shaft in and scrapes the inside of a beautiful girl who is not accustomed to it yet. It engraved her Hot and moist flesh the pleasure and into his shape.

"Oh....... my pussy is being molded into....the shape of my lord...oh....... ah, aaaah!"

――Honestly, it's quite amusing to see a high-class young lady act like this.―― gufufu

"Ahhhh ❤"

Desmond's mouth twists into a smile as he continues to rock his hips, trying to mold this girl more and more into his shape and seed her. He, a self-proclaimed blonde-haired, blue-eyed, and disgustingly handsome face.

Based on her appearance, she still looks like she could be a high school girl. Next to her is also a girl in a leotard, with a milky fluid leaking from her crotch. She's probably a middle school girl or something, one year younger than the girl with the golden curls. A junior high school!

Desmond shakes his hips, squeezing her curve from underneath as he leans over her. The shape of her erect nipples was apparent through her yellow leotard. He rubbed and kneaded the girl's breasts, playing with the buds that filled with lust.

"Yahhhh, ahhh, hmmmmm."

Desmond grinds into her quivering depths. He fills the beautiful girl's vagina with his hard, swollen shaft and grinds her cervix with his tip.

――Oh,....... I'm going to be impregnated. I'm not even engaged yet❤ What would father and mother think? Ufufu ♪ "A...ahee..."

Without looking at the girl's pleased face, Desmond whispers in her ear.

"I'm going to cum, Rin, you're going to be impregnated with my seed."

"Ah♪" Desmond mercilessly ejaculated deep inside her vagina to plant his illegitimate child in the womb of the shivering noble daughter." Fuaaaaaaaaa......♪"

The Lord's sperm rod got excited inside the girl's vagina and spit out its sperm.

"It's, It's coming in... ♪ The lord's seed... Ah... I, I... I'm... I'm getting ejaculated in my vagina, I'm getting impregnated, s...so much......❤"

Slumping down, the noble young lady became limp, her expression turning into a dazed bliss, drooling as she did so.

After a vigorous creampie end, Desmond pulled out.

*plop*

Soaked in the honey of the two girls, his flesh was still raging even after he had finished seeding them. Shaking and trembling as if it is looking for the next girl, Desmond nodded his head in satisfaction as the cum he had poured into the noble young lady overflowed.

――Since there's no turning back anymore, it would be a waste not to enjoy it, right? ――Yeah, that's right!

"Ahh..." The beautiful girl with vacant eyes, who was violated and filled to the brim just like the previous one, is also a noble young lady. Seeing her petite buttocks accentuated by the provocative leotard, one just can't help but want to thrust into her again.

However,

――I'm not a devil.

He endured.

If he keeps doing this, it won't be long before they all end up getting pregnant.

——These noble young ladies' families are way above me in rank. I'm just a local lord and a baron, nothing special.

Thinking about it, he finds himself overwhelmed by the negotiations with the relentless noble society. Yet, the head in his loins does not falter, and if they desire him, he has no intention of refusing. However, it's just something that he can't help but think about.

――Liz, I'm sorry...

◇

*scrash*, *scrash*, *scrash* *scrash*...

The pen skates along smoothly. However, it has an ominous presence.

*scrash**scrash*, *scrash**scrash*... The sound of the pen never stops.

Liz Bergamot, a capable parliamentary official who single-handedly manages the operations of Aldroa, was engrossed in her office, diligently moving her pen.

She is a clever and beautiful woman. Her naturally intimidating eyes are even fiercer now, even bloodshot, with fluffy silver hair tied on either side of her chin. Her dress resembled a Girl Scout with shorts. Her petite figure makes her look even more childlike. However, her chest is unmistakably that of an adult.

She continues to work on documents and letters, Alone.

The monocle over her right eye glimmers, the magical multi-display device before her operates non-stop, on the verge of overheating.

The tasks Liz is handling are related to the management of Aldora, not a domestic affair but foreign diplomacy.

It's about the Aldora Knight Order.

Recently, a debauched ceremony took place underground, establishing the knight order of this territory. That in itself is not the issue. It was quite strange that there was no knight order of the territory in the first place. If it were just about forming a knight order, she could have quickly established an efficient system and processed the necessary information.

However, this knight order is different...

...Hmph, you f●cking Lord, how many noble young ladies have you taken... Moreover, you've already impregnated several of them... damn it. I haven't even conceived yet!... baby with darling... Uuu... Some even in the opposing factions of the Earl and the Viscount... If it is known that he abducted this many young ladies, they may join forces and turn their swords against us...

...With her already intimidating eyes becoming even more fierce, she scratches her head vigorously. What is troubling more to her? Is it the negotiations with each noble family or the impatience to be impregnated quickly? While she is preoccupied, the Lord is busy impregnating the next woman in line as advised by his wife and her sister. Desmond's dick never gets a chance to dry. He's doing it with everyone, except Liz.

"F●ck, f●ck..."

Is it stress or sexual frustration?

He was abducted by Charlotte's sister, Teresa, and her Dragon best friend. When he returned as if nothing had happened, she felt relieved and couldn't let him go, clinging tightly and crying. Since then, the members of the "Platinum Knight" who had been staying there before seem to look at her with a warm gaze. Even though they were transformed into the "Aldora Knight" and taught the joy of being a woman, she doesn't think their attitude has changed much. That's what she tells herself.

However, at this very moment, it is these girls who are being embraced. Desmond only has one dick, so it's undeniable that Liz, who still wants to solo the lewd beast Desmond is at a disadvantage. It's embarrassing to whine and cling to him and reveal her embarrassing side to other women... But she wants to get pregnant.

"F●ck...!"

*Snap!* The pen broke.

It happened just as she was writing a letter to a certain Baron, informing him that her Lord had impregnated his daughter.

Liz stood up, swaying.

"I am the second wife of my darling! Why am I still not pregnant?!"

It's because she is responsible for managing this territory, and if she becomes pregnant and can't carry out her duties due to childbirth, the territory will fall apart. For Liz to get pregnant, she needs someone to support her, at least as an assistant. However, the Lord only seems to think about growing his future workforce from his seeds.

He probably doesn't even consider it in the first place.

――In other words, it's all Desmond's fault.

Just impregnate me dammit.

Liz snapped.

◇

*Slam*!

The lord, who had been confidently strutting down the hallway after vigorously thrusting into two beautiful girls, was suddenly slammed into the wall(Kabedon) by the capable official, his second wife.

――W-What's going on!?

As he thought that, with a sullen figure and intimidating eyes staring at him from below. The chicken Lord could only cower while being pressed against her large breasts. The mansion's maids—some of whom were actually members of the knight order working as maids—smiled warmly as they walked away

No one came to the aid of the lord. Maybe this is karma.

"S-So, what is it...?"

Desmond-sama, the lord, desperately asked, trying to keep his voice from trembling.

"............"

"Well, um..."

Desmond was totally confused, and Liz was just as puzzled. Her cheeks, usually so elegant, turned a shade of red, but her eyes revealed a whirlwind of emotions, completely filled with intensity.

――W-What am I doing? I can't believe I intended to say something like Please embrace me, darling, in the middle of the day! That's... That may be the case, but I really want him to embrace me and, well, impregnate me...

*stare*!

"Hiiii!"

Without thinking, she glared at him with the usual intensity. However,

――You say "Hiiii!" To your wife...?

While Liz remains flustered, there is no doubt that more than half of the husbands have experienced or think about this "Hii!" moments with their wives. However, it is not appropriate for her to continue to pin her darling in broad daylight like this.

After all, that masochist maid must be peeking from around the corner.

――But... What should I do? Please take me to the bedroom? N-No, that would be too obvious,...

And then,

"H-hey, Liz."

"Yes, what is it, darling?"

'Darling, Kyah,' that background noise was definitely just her imagination. If she thought it was, then it was. Liz's ears were already bright red. Desmond, on the other hand,

"If you have something to say, go ahead and ask."

He placed his hand on her shoulder.

Her fierce eyes melted at that moment. She leaned in closer to him.

"............Please embrace me."

"――Umm?............Sure."

While still holding Liz's shoulder, Desmond invites her to his bedroom.

'Kyaah, those two are definitely going to have sex now.'

But such voices could no longer reach Liz.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

4-2) The indignation of the parliamentary official

What have I done just now.....

After a threatening Kabedon, Liz dragged Desmond into the bedroom, and as she pushed him down on the bed, her eyes began to spin. However, she still firmly pinned him down.

Looking down at him with her scary eyes, she saw her beloved husband act like an expected puppy. What is it about this bastard that makes her excited and melt with joy, but what's with those nervous and expectant eyes? It was she the one that was getting nervous, her uterus womb squealing like a puppy.

Well, there's nothing else she can do for now.

"Mmm, mmm... *chu*..."

Liz rained Desmond's lips with kisses. She gets carried away and sucked on his lips. His arms wrapped around her back. It was an affectionate touch. He stroked her back with a lewd touch, making her shiver, and heat filled Liz's tongue.

"Mmm♪"

When Desmond's tongue touched hers, Liz's body twitched. Her body wrapped in her uniform grew hotter, her tongue entwining even more with his tongue, yearning for more. The sound of their loving caresses echoed from their mouths to their brains, transforming Liz's scary eyes into swirling hearts.

"Mmm..."

She dripped her saliva into Desmond's mouth.

*gulp*

His swallow echoed into her throat. "Chu... *gulp, gulp*." Liz sucked from him, swallowing it down as if to redouble it.

"Puhaa~... Darling ❤"

Her scary stern eyes had already softened. She used her pink tongue to moisten her lips with the saliva she had just sucked. "Haah... ❤"

Underneath her, her beloved husband Desmond already stood at full mast.

...*stroke*

"Kuhaa... Darling, you're already this hard" "... It's only natural, right...? L-Liz, if you keep stroking like that...I will....Kuuh..."

Despite having embraced many women, indulging in acts far more obscene, to be reduced to this state just by being touched is... Liz's feminine side purred at his tender expression. No, it howled.

*stroke* *stroke*

"Liz...!"

"It's Darling's fault. Because Darling keep impregnating other girls and not me..."

The Parliamentary official unbuttoned her shirt, even if it leads to the collapse of Aldora's management, even if it means abandoning her own duties. there is no way that the Lord, who is nothing more than a signer and a breeding stud can stop her. The impregnation tool painfully hard under his pants, all he can do is witness the moment when the capable official transformed into a female in heat.

"Then how about this?"

She straddles him, her underwear in full view.

"So beautiful."

"idiot."

"Are you wearing this for me?"

"No comment."

"I'm glad."

Liz was wearing adorable frilly underwear. One could even say it was childish, but it was the underwear that matched her sophisticated beauty. It resembled a raspberry. However, the white flesh contained within was ripe and about to burst.

Under the intimidating gaze of hers, her cheeks faintly blushed. Her lips relaxed upon hearing his complimenting words.

Desmond couldn't help but try to push her down—

"No, Darling" — he was stopped. However.

"It's my turn to embrace you... Chu."

A light kiss, just their lips touching. However, it was enough to make Desmond stiffen. "Haah, Darling..."

Liz began to unbutton Desmond's shirt. The foolish son eagerly swelled in his groin, completely under her control. "Haah, fuu..." As she undressed him, Liz let out a rough breath and used her small, smooth hand to stroke his chest, lost in bliss and ecstasy.

When she flicked his nipple, Desmond let out a pitiful moan. Liz found it endearing and irresistible. She latched onto his nipple just as he would do to her, teasing it with her tongue.

"... *lick*... Darling, do you prefer women like this?"

*bit*...

Lightly, she grazed her teeth against his nipple.

"Ohh..."

"Darling, you've become even harder. *Chu*, *Chu*..."

"Well, of course, it'll get harder..."

"*Chu*, even nipples? *lick*." Liz's fingers traced over Desmond's abdomen.

Desmond peeked through his fingers, hiding his face, "Ugh, I'm being attacked by Liz..." He was mostly making fun of the situation. Then...

"...Yes, f●uk, you."

"Eh? Liz..."

Liz's slippery fingers teasingly stroked his groin, causing Desmond's chin to rise. Liz continued to shower his body with kisses, leaving kiss marks as if marking him as her own.

"Darling, you're getting even harder and hotter."

"Of course, it would..."

"Why?"

――She's trying to make me say it!? "Wel, it's just that if things like this happen..."

"And what exactly do you mean by that?" "...Ugh."

Liz gently and lovingly caressed Desmond's Desmond.

*stare*...

She looks up at him with her not-so-intimidating eyes, then her gaze softened gradually.

"Ah... Well, it's because I'm being pleasured by my beloved and adorable wife..." it!? ――Hmm, why does it feel so embarrassing to say it when I'm forced to admit it!?"

"You should understand our feelings now... Desmond-sama is on the receiving end... The tea tastes better somehow. As for the fact that it's Liz who's doing this... let's put that aside for now."

As Desmond heard the sound of his first wife sipping her tea, he realized his belt had been undone. Liz's ears turned red.

Liz's supple fingers, as if turning the pages of a document, slid beneath the underwear and stealthily made her way toward her destination. "Liz... wait..." "I won't." "kuh!"

"Oh Darling, you're twitching."

"W-Well, that's... Kkuh." As she rubbed against his fully swollen pole, he felt as if his entire body had transformed into an erogenous zone. "Oh, ugh..." Desmond was exposed by Liz.

"It's still as big as ever... This is why women around you want to be impregnated so much." Her white, smooth hand moved up and down the reddish dark flesh in. "It's twitching. you're feeling good, doesn't it? The slippery juice keeps flowing out..."

"Well, of course... Ugh, oh..."

"*Chu*, *lick* *lick*... Bitter and musky... Darling's scent... *Chu*."

"Haaa, Liz, that's..."

While feeling the touch of a woman's lips on the core of his flesh and having his tool stroked, Desmond's arousal made Liz's breath stir, and her hot, moist mouth caressed his flesh while her tongue played with his testicles. She carefully coated the underside of his testicles with saliva, sucking, licking, and rolling them around, before her lips firmly clung to his erect shaft, climbing up to the tip. "*slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *slurp*..." "Ugh, Liz, it feels amazing..."

Liz's tongue licked around the swollen head. Her stern eyes, which should be intimidating, now held an enchanting and sadistic gleam, and Desmond can't escape from her mouth. Her pink tongue licked Desmond's urethra with squelching sounds as if intended to penetrate it.

"Uuuu..." "It's bitter. Bitter and musky... It's becoming even stronger. *lick*."

"Kwahh!"

Moving up so that only the tip was in her mouth, Liz sucked away the fluid. With a slurping sound, she sucks it out from the urethra, causing an intense sensation to run through him. The sweet yet sharp pleasure made Desmond's hips tremble uncontrollably.

As Desmond's hips began to move, Liz seductively narrowed her not-so-intimidating eyes, skillfully manipulating him with her fingers, licking him, and showering him with kisses. His pulsating flesh, delighted by the teasing, twitched with pleasure.

"Ha~mu ❤" "O-ahh..." "*lick*, *slurp*, *slurp*..."

Liz's delicate lips glided along the rugged, towering shaft. With squelchy and wet sounds, her loving and lewd tongue entwined and clung to it.

Desmond savored the thrilling sensations that sent shivers through his spine.

"Mm, mm... *gulp*, *gulp*... ♪"

Drool dripped from Liz's lips. With panting breaths and without ceasing the service, she swallowed it, reaching deep into her throat, producing discomfort whimpers that sounded too sweet to indicate as painful.

"Li-Liz..." Desmond's ass clenched, trembling uncontrollably.

"Pu~aah!" Liz parted her lips. The contrast between her glossy lips and the wetness of his member was incredibly erotic.

Her saliva dripped all the way to the underside of Desmond's balls. Compared to the cill air that touched his skin, the part that had been stimulated by her was incredibly hot.

"Kuh... Liz..."

"...fufu. Darling ❤"

As Desmond gave her a yearning gaze, a sense of joy surged through Liz. Her droopy eyes held an enchanting and sadistic allure. Her mouth twisted in pleasure, and Desmond couldn't help but shiver with forbidden sensations running through his spine.

"Don't worry. I'll make you feel even better."

Liz, unbelievably, enveloped his hot, throbbing rod while still wearing her bra.

"Fooh!" Overwhelmed by the sensation of being embraced, Desmond's heartbeat quickened.

In Liz's cleavage, his member jumped and throbbed, as if his entire body only exist below his waist.

That place was already moist and sweaty from her heat. There was no way Liz could have missed that. While she couldn't expose herself as openly as the rest of the perverted group, she could do it now...

His manhood was handled within Liz's drool-drenched cleavage. It jumped and twitched with delight, and the unending stream of lewd fluids increasingly tainted the gap of white mountains.

"Darling, it's so hot inside my breasts. At this rate, it feels like it's going to melt if I don't....."

Her pink tongue drips down the saliva. Liz skillfully adjusted the pressure from both sides, serving her beloved Darling with the utmost delight by using the soft and plump roundness of her breasts.

"Do you think I'll start producing breast milk if I keep doing this?... *Chu* ❤"

"Ah!"

A loving kiss was placed on the grotesque tip emerging from the white cleavage. She engulfed it, narrowing out her cheeks as she sucked, vigorously polishing him with her breasts.

"Haaa, Liz... That's... Uuu..."

Within the confines of her breasts, his member twitched and jumped, growing hotter by the moment. Liz was so absorbed in Desmond's yearning expression, his hardness because of her breasts. —She didn't even realize that she was staring at him with her hot stern eyes.

"...Ooh, uuu..." Desmond's sweaty body trembled.

――Darling, hurryhurry. I know Darling can ejaculate multiple times.――and it won't stop once you're aroused... ❤ Pour it into me and f●ck me until I get pregnant. *sluuuurp*

"Jyuruuu..."

"Ooh, ouuuuuuuu!! I'm cumming~~~~!!"

Desmond exploded within Liz's vacuum suction. She clung to his thrusting hips, catching the semen with her mouth. With every twitch and spurt of the milky fluid, her melting eyes grew even more intoxicating as she gulped it down audibly, moaning in pleasure.

――Ku ah, I'm being sucked by Liz... by this erotic official!

Desmond became even more aroused, releasing his desires uncontrollably. Liz, in a state of bliss, eagerly swallowed it all.

――glup❤

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

4-3) The indignation of the parliamentary official

"Mmm... Nku... Haah... ❤"

Her eyes, originally supposed to be stern and scary, were now flushed with excitement. Her pale and smooth skin was smeared with Desmond's fluids and her own saliva, creating an obscenely lewd sight. As his essence permeated her throat and seeped into her, her body trembled uncontrollably.

She falls in ecstasy.

--Darling's seed... Even though it's bitter.....and smells unpleasant... my body feels so hot... Haa, ah...This body has been transformed by Darling. I'm just like those shameless girls... It's all Darling's fault.

Liz knelt over him,

*Zip*,

and unzipped her shorts. She was wearing an official uniform that resembled a girl scout. Indulging in love for her lord could be considered part of her duties in a way.

The gap revealed her cute matching panties and bra. Desmond's "enhanced" blue eyes didn't miss the wet spot on there. Liz inserted her finger into the gap,

Desmond didn't miss the lewd nectar that clung to her finger. The innocent and pure petals trembled with lasciviousness that contradicted their appearance, yearning for the male organ.

Liz lowered her hips. With a lusty voice, "Oh....."

"Hmmm....." She twitches and shudders with a lustrous expression and rubbed the tip of his organ against her pistil. Rubbed it against her bud, smearing herself with his essence. She painted her dripping nectar on his stamen, and...*schlup*

"Ah, ah...it's entering... it's entering..... Darling's seeding rod... Ah, n... ❤"

"Ohh... amazing, Liz..."

The hot and hard flesh spear penetrated into the hole as far as it could let him.

"Fuu... I'm so happy, thank you, Darling... Fu~ah.... I love you..."

"Ohhh....."

Her sopping-wet female flesh enveloped the male organ, dripping with lascivious honey. The wriggling folds tightened around him, welcoming him deeper and deeper, conveying the love for him.

"Ah... All the way...so deep, Darling is knocking... the baby's room... Nnn, fuu..."

The overflowing juices soak Desmond's cock. The contracting pleasure hole writhed, bringing pleasure to her beloved male.

"Haa, uuu.... Darling, Darling.... Nn, nnuu..."

Liz's hips sway. Honestly, compared to the other members of the harem, she's a bit clumsy. The girls in the knighthood are better at squeezing up too, although her makes up for it.

"Aah, Darling... inside my vagina, Darling... ahh...❤"

――Kuh... Normally I can endure it, but my dick is already freaking out, I'm about to cum...

"Ah... Darling is twitching inside me... ah..."

――Stop it! Don't look with those melting eyes! "Ooh..."

"Aah, Darling, Darling... auuu..."

Liz's lips dripped with drool, lost in ecstasy. A peculiar gleam emanated from her single eyeglass on the right, giving the impression that he was being recorded.

――I feel like something important is being taken away from me...

But, that's fine too! "Aah♪"

Desmond removes the raspberry-colored cloth, revealing plump and succulent flesh that spills out. The tip is already adorably and obscenely swollen, trembling with a sense of longing. There's no way Desmond can't catch it. He skillfully handles the fullness of her flesh and her erects nipple. The bud, filled with lust, feels a sweet and tingling numbness from the man's fingers.

"Fuuuah, Nnnn, Darling, Darling... Aaan...♪"

"Don't make such a cute voice." ――It makes me want to just fuck her all out.

Desmond is a man who can handle Teresa, Charlotte (and a dragon). Even if she's a capable government official, there's no way she can withstand the full strength of her Lord. Desmond teasingly plays with Liz's lustful protrusion and rubs himself against her honey pot.

"Aah... Nooo... Darling... I want to embrace you..." Liz's feminine body twitches with pleasure.

"I see, in that case..."

Then, Desmond pulled Liz towards himself. With a squish, her large fruits were crushed against his chest. Liz let out a voice like a small kitten.

"์Now hold me like this."

"I'm about to.....❤ nnnn....."

*kiss*, *smooch*... the wet lewd sound reverberated within their mouth. "Pah... mmm..." The mixed smell of each other's sweat further aroused the lust of the man and woman." Nngh..... " Tongues twirling and sucking each other, Desmond moves his hips and Liz undulates hers as if to pamper him.

The lewd mating sounds never stop coming from the top and the bottom mouth. The hard, pointed, swollen meat spears churned up Liz's insides. Her descending uterus begged for more Desmond's presence. The tip, which now trembling and leaking pre-cum, was sucked into her cervix. Both top and bottom mouths joined, their body heat rubbing against each other as they fell into debauchery.....

"Fu~nyaan...... darling, darling....."

Her sweet voice is irresistible, and Desmond plucks up her flirtatious nipples as she rocks her hips on him, sinking his fingers into the meaty flesh. While making her body bounce up and down He sucks her nipple into his mouth, with her lovely charming voice as an accompanying treat, he's making a disgusting wet sound that's totally not what one expects from a baby.

"Ah, ah❤ Darling, I'm still.... nnnn, I still can't...Darling is sucking our baby's share... ah, ah ❤ "

The woman's sweat-soaked body held the man's head in her arms and pleasured him. Desmond moves his hips, toying with both of her breasts with his fingers, lips, and tongue, the columns of his flesh swell with desire, the writhing and twisting folds of her vagina undulating with lustful pleasure.

They are still clothed and sweating as they seek each other out. The sweet and passionate voices of the man and woman intertwined like snakes, and all they can think about is seeking each other.――No, I can't do anything but feel it. A dense, intoxicating scent of debauchery.

The baby batter was boiling inside his testicles and rising up into his urethra in an attempt to impregnate her.

"Hah...... Liz, I love you."

"I feel the same way, Nngh, haaan ❤ I love youuu..."

"I'm going to cum right now, I'm going to pour it into Liz's vagina."

"Ah... you struck so deep inside... Nngh ♪... Yes, deposit lots of baby in my womb..."

There was a hint of loneliness in it, and Desmond felt sincerely sorry for her. That is why, even though he is not allowed to plant a child in her womb right now, he fills her womb with his white fluid, seeking temporary satisfaction for now...

"Oh, I'm cumming! Liz, take it!"

"Yes, Darling, in me, in my vagina...... aaahhhhhh~~~~ ❤❤❤"

Liz squeezed his head to her chest. The quivering, swollen meat rod poured the male's lust into her and into her womb. Liz could feel it in her climaxing state as her womb lovingly swallowed it.

--Fuuuh, ahhh.....sho...shomuch, like always......I-It's still coming out...... my womb, so full.....ah...... Darin, I'm being dyed from the depths of my body...... hmm, ahhh....."

She trembles and clings to her beloved Desmond with her half-lidded eyes. Desmond gently pats the back of Liz's head and caresses her with a tender touch, comforting her.

Liz chirps sweetly and her vaginal wall tightens. Desmond shudders with a prying pulsation and pours in more and more thick, sticky burning heat.

"Funyaaaaaaa~~~~❤❤❤"

Liz, who continued to cry out, was made to cum several times during his climax.

After that, Liz was fucked again and again.

From the back with her Parliamentary official uniform on, or stripped and in her underwear.

They were both naked and sweaty and entangled with each other, exposing every inch of each other. He poured himself into her over and over again, and her womb became inflated, and although it was more bearable than it had been when they first made love, after the first few times she was already dazed and just crying mindlessly as he fucked her.

Her body was covered with cum, not to mention her insides.

Although her true desire has not yet been fulfilled, for the time being, this is all she needs..... for now.

◇

*scrach* *scrach*

In the morning, in Desmond's office, Liz's pen moved briskly. However, it wasn't the only sound in the room.

――Unfortunately, it wasn't from the master of signatures, the Lord, either.

The source of that sound was...

"Parliamentary Secretary, please check."

With a cool voice, Liz received the documents. She scanned them with her intimidating eyes and her right eye's monocle emitted a sharp gleam.

"Excellent work. Keep it up."

"Yes, thank you."

With a cool response, the documents were passed to the signer, who reluctantly read through them.

――Um, outstanding. I guess I'm that useless.

He slumped.

*scrach* *scrach*, Desmond Damwead.

And he signed.

"Next, please."

"Ah."

He tried his best to hide his inner turmoil, but the sight of all those documents piling up for his signature, even with two people working on it, sent a shiver down his spine.

Glancing sideways, next to the capable parliamentary official at the desk, there was the blue-haired vice-captain.

Mort Ice Rock. ――The Marquess's daughter.

She said that she was involved in the management, foreign affairs, and operation of the Knight Order within the Platinum Knight Order. The Platinum Knight Order had many noble young ladies and their activities included overthrowing corrupt lords, attacking corrupt merchants, subduing noble and fallen knights turned bandits, and more... Their Commander, no matter how strong and respected she was, she's not good at dealing with the aftermath and subsequent adjustments and were handled by those skilled within the Knight Order.

Even if their captain might be indifferent to or care about breaking the rules, it was rumored that there would be no trace left when the Knight Order passed through, not even the grass and trees. It was a source of pride for those who admired her. Well, there were also a few individuals like that red-haired girl who was indifferent to such matters. However, if by any chance she were to be declared as a rebel, and the nobles from different factions formed an alliance to bring back the runaway daughter... even if she's unmatched in battles, it would still be a huge hassle.

That's why the blue-haired girl took the initiative in governing the rational aspects, and it was largely thanks to her group that the Platinum Knight Order could still be called a "Knight Order." even though it was ridiculed as a "Mercenary group." However, it was still due to their leader acting that way that they were still called "mercenaries." and there was no that even this blue-haired girl was one of those who admired such a leader.

It was said that before her hair turned blue, she also frequented social circles filled with intrigue and scheming as a proper noble daughter, --unlike a certain lord.

That's why she could be entrusted with exchanges between nobles.

There were also children of big trading companies within the Platinum Knight Order. Despite being women, they received education and often served as their parents' ornaments, some kind of commodity. They had seen various cunning and ruthless merchants trying to devour nobles in business negotiations. Unlike the certain third son of a viscount's family who was being devoured like helpless prey!

They could be entrusted with both internal and external logistics.

If these girls, who have now become the Aldora Knight Order, were further trained, it wouldn't be hard to imagine that Liz's burden would be reduced drastically. But to be honest, with <Ero elf's Blessing>. conceiving a child by a certain signer is not a problem at all during a time of peace like this. But for Liz, owing a debt to Charlotte is...

――Dammit!

Of course, if she were to carry his child, Charlotte would bestow the Blessing upon Liz for his sake. That would be acceptable. However, pride would not allow her to conceive under the "Ero elf's Blessing" effect. It was a line she could not cross as Liz.

With her stern eyes, Liz stared at the first wife, who sipped tea on the sofa with a composed expression. But she didn't stop her hands. Unlike the signer who was amazed and stopped his hands while watching the scene.

"My lord, the next document."

She carried out her duties.

"Yes." the lord responded, a little flustered.

"Parliamentary official, please check this."

"Yes, okay. My lord, next one."

"...Yes."

Currently, only Molt helps Liz, but what would happen if other girls joined in?

The Lord had a distant look in his eyes. ――And during this, the next document was placed in front of him.

Next...

And the next...

――The Aldora clock ticked steadily but surely urging the lord.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

5-1) Let's go! Aldora Knights! (Part 1)

Darkness enveloped the depths of the earth, a prison within a prison...

That being said, although "there" is in the depths of the earth, it was brightly illuminated by magical devices, and despite being a prison, "there" was not a prison for him and the girls.

It was a space in the basement of Aldora that resembles an underground arena, surrounded by a wooden fence in the sandy ground.

...There", lying on his back, was none other than Lord Desmond, surrounded by women.

It was just like any other day.

A large circular bed was brought into the underground arena. He lay on his back, with a red-haired female knight straddling his hips.

She was dressed in the official attire of the Aldora Knights, which was a daring leotard that accentuated her figure. However, compared to the previous design, it revealed even more of her back, which was quite indecent. The one she currently wore was even an extra thin version for practice...

"Ah, aaahhhn! Amazing... Deeper, uhh, It's rubbing me... fuhh❤ Haaahhhn..."

*Squelch Squelch*...

The lascivious sound of the male and female rubbing against each other continued from her crotch.

"Ah, ah, ah... ❤ Oh, it feels so good..."

―― Red Demon(Oni), Aira Burn.

Formerly Platinum Knight vice-captain and the current Aldora Knight vice-captain...

"Ahh, ahhhhh......❤ Huh, that feels good......."

She had been penetrated deep into her womb by his sword, to which she devoted her own sword and to which he had granted it to her. Deeply plunged to the root, the mixed male and female lewd fluids bubbled and smeared an obscene mucus on her disheveled leotard as the wet sound echoed.

The swollen meat shaft fills her vagina, pounding the child's room with its tip, teasing with its girth, and gnawing at her folds with its veiny texture. Needless to say, Desmond's use of his hips was masterful. While being straddled, he undulated and rotated his hips, relentlessly rubbing against the weak spot of the <Red Demon>.

"Hyaaah, no, this is bad... ❤ Ahh, it feels so gooood ❤" Her dignified face filled with pleasure, her eyes rolling back, and drool dripping from her mouth.

Every day, faced with the fearless and dignified figure of their vice-captain, the female knights couldn't help but feel somewhat disheartened — and rightfully so. It was not just the vice-captain who offered her service to Desmond and was pierced by his flesh sword... And the one currently being pleasured was not just her alone.

"Ah, uuun...being licked like this.....This is not right... Ahh... ❤"

*Chu, lick*...

The lewd and indecent sound didn't come from his crotch alone, but also from his face.

"...Uaah... Nn, ahhn... ❤"

Her provocative blue training leotard tightly wedged into her ass. Exposing her feminine essence through the gap which is being licked by the lord. Her slender body, tightly clinging with sweat, writhed. No longer maintaining her cool beauty, she could only let out charming cries with a lascivious expression.

""Hyaaaaaan ❤❤""

Straddled by the two esteemed vice-captains of his territory, the lord was unusually — no, usually, in great enthusiasm. Slurping and sucking on the blue hair girl's nectar, relentlessly thrust and rubbed inside the red hair girl's vagina, with a wet, sloppy sound.

――However, the two women are not the only ones that are getting their fills.

"Ah, ahh, ungh... Your fingers... feel so good... But, as expected, not as good as the lord's... d-dick... Ungh, yaaan ❤ It's so tight and squishy there... ❤"

"Ah, ah, my... clit....it feels so good..."

*lick* *lick* "The lord's nipples can get erect too... hehe, they're so adorable."

"My side is much harder, you know♪"

"Fuaaahh! Using feet like this... it's so humiliating... But why does it feel so... Ahh, ahhn ❤"

"No, stooop~... Don't tease my clit with your feet~ ❤ I'm going to~ ❤❤ I'm cumming❤"

"Fuhahaha! As expected of Desmond! Even when faced with a team of my subordinates, you are unmatched! Truly a heretic, truly an enemy of women! My own crotch is getting all wet and sloppy, longing to be filled by you! Fuhahaha!"

The source of all evil let out sinister laughter, Desmond found himself engulfed by the dual mounting of the two vice-captains on his crotch and face. He used his fingers to stir the wet caves of the girls on each side, while being pleasured by getting his nipples licked and teased from both sides. He slipped his toes between the legs of the beautiful girls that spread their legs in an M-shaped and continued to bring them pleasure, making them moan in delight.

The intoxicating scent of these women's lasciviousness mingles with the sweet and sour smell of sweat. An orchestra of overlapping charming voices. If he had been a weak-minded virgin, he would have died in less than three strokes. ――The young master is truly magnificent.

――Oh, I'm drowning......., I'm being drowned by these girls.......

Desmond thought, but he kept moving his tongue and fingers, feeling the tongue and lips crawling on both his nipples and thrusting his hips up.

『Ahhhh～～～～❤❤❤』

He cum inside the red girl and does not seem to wilt in the least bit, neither in his determination nor in the throbbing of his manhood.

/

"Desmond, you must train with the knight order!"

While engrossed in growing passionate sex with Charlotte, Desmond was suddenly invaded by Onee-sama in his office.

Onee-sama possessed beautiful tan skin. Despite her mature age... she wear a leotard that tightly hugged her dynamite figure—a high-cut leg that emphasized the provocative curves and exposed her captivating groin area. Her straight blond hair flowed smoothly, and her emerald eyes, resembling large, precious gemstones, reflected the scene of daytime affairs of the lord and lady.

Having finished his official duties as a professional signer, Desmond remained seated in his office chair while his beloved wife straddled his lap. Whether he was the one mounting or being mounted was no longer a concern. Both still clothed, their intimate areas concealed beneath Charlotte's elegant skirt, they embraced each other, their lips locked, tongues entwined, cheeks rubbing against each other as they leisurely moved their hips.

"Fu~aah... Desmond-sama..." Her younger sister, now almost thirties, let out sweet, affectionate moans in front of her sister. Her eyes, large and emerald-green like her sister's, melted with a dazed expression. Her platinum blond hair was wavy... She tightly clung to her beloved husband and pressed her large breasts against him, asserting that he belonged to her. Desmond, with his charming yet somewhat disgustingly handsome nobleman face, held her in his arms, feeling satisfied as he penetrated her.

"Kuh! Sister, that's not fair! You're already pregnant, but I'm not!"

As the sister shouted,

*hug*

a surge of strength filled her arms wrapped around her husband. At the same time, her vaginal muscles tighten against his flesh.

――Tsuu... Oh, Charlotte-chan's possessiveness is acting up again, just that alone is enough to make me cum...

"Aah... Even though it's embarrassing if it brings pleasure to Desmond-sama... then that's enough reason for me... ngh... haaan... ❤"

Desmond ejaculated inside Charlotte's vagina. "Faah... Ahhhn... ❤" "...Ohh, oh..." Both of them enjoyed themselves in front of their older sister. "Hey! Why you two are always like this!"

――Onee-chan whines cutely.

But if they were to allow her to join, the conversation would undoubtedly take a different turn who knows how many more times.

""So, what do you mean by training with the knights?""

"Don't harmonize!"

In the afternoon in the office, while still connected as a couple, they were scolded by Onee-sama.

"Desmond, you said you can use 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】, right? And as long as you channel your magic, your manhood won't wilt or break. ――Hm? That last part doesn't sound, right? How about this, I'll break your penis within my vagina one day! Fuhahaha! ―― What? You just get erects within my little sister's vagina just now? Fuhahaha! Your energy spirit is remarkable!"

but...

Desmond's 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】—in reality, it was just magic he used, but it differed from the magic commonly known in this world. When he was young, he played around with magic and manipulated magic power in his body to the point where he became unable to use regular magic. He was limited to using a pseudo-magic that only defined aspects.

That was his "understanding ."

However, even if one lacked intuition, it was evident to anyone who experienced his magic up close that something was off. Indeed, he couldn't use regular magic as commonly practiced. However, in terms of scale, output... and versatility. It is not enough for commoners to realize this. There was already a gap in their understanding between them and the nobility who could use magic. All they could understand was that he was incredibly skilled. Even among the nobles, most couldn't grasp it. This was because Desmond had been labeled as a weakling who ran away during his first battle and was sealed away on the outskirts land without uttering a single complaint. ――But now that label had changed.

But that's beside the point.

By the way, Grandpa had never intended to teach him in the first place. Although he may help.

Incidentally, Charlotte has no idea how to utilize Desmond's "power". Even if she is able to use a lot of his knowledge.

No one else dared to speak up about it.

That's why the ones who really saw Desmond for who he was were the only ones interested in his applications...

"Your magic is strange."

――Said by a rule breaker!

Desmond's eyes rolled back as he held Charlotte in his arms, still engaged in the act.

Perhaps it could be said that because he understood what was considered normal and conventional, he became a heretic. One who knows he is inclined yet continues to lean, the true heretic, the breaker of norms.

"It's weird that you think you can only use magic in one specific way. I mean, even if you're talking about "manipulating the ground" isn't focusing too much on the direction a bit too limiting? If that's the case, couldn't you just manipulate it to go up instead of just one way?"

Didn't he realize that?

As if to emphasize this point, when Desmond was told this with seriousness instead of the usual quip, he couldn't say a word. The logic in this breaker's argument had an impact greater than a delinquent picking up a stray dog.

However, Onee-sama sister quickly followed, "Fuhahaha! That's why you should use 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 more effectively and train your knight order!"

With a ferocious and smug face.

――And that's basically why things ended up like this.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

5-2) Let's go! Aldora Knights! (Part 2)

"*chuu*, *chuu*, *lick*... my lord, does it feel nice? *chuu*, *chuu*"

"No, isn't it? I am far better than her, right?"

"N-No, you're both wrong. I'm the one who feels good, oooh...!"

As the girls licked each of his nipples, a noble young lady that is getting plunged between her legs, let out a voice of pleasure.

In the underground space of Desmond's mansion, reminiscent of an underground arena, an orgy disguised as training by the Aldora Knights was taking place.

No, seriously.

Desmond was told by Teresa, the leader of the Aldora Knights to, "Use 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 and make sure you can feel pleasure without succumbing."

In other words.

Could it also can increase endurance against pleasure?

"And to order to reach your limit, you must use magic in the same way as you do. Besides, with that, can't you make women fall faster? You must circulate magic power just like you do."

Is there any other method of magic or magic power training that doesn't rely on such things? No, there isn't!

Fuhahahaha!

That was her argument.

"Ugh, uwaah...I make him ejaculate, M-master's... penis is inside my vagina...splurting out, ah... fuuaaa... I-It's still coming in, it won't stoppp... ❤"

The "Red Demon" straddling his hips was bouncing and drooling with her eyes rolled back.

――No, that's not it.

He wasn't made to ejaculate. He ejaculates himself. Onee-sama also said so. He can enjoy it. That's why Desmond thrust his hips up and pressed the muzzle against her core and then Fire! Fire! Fire!

――Overkill.

"Uhii, A-aah....impregnated... I'm getting impregnated......"

*splash*,

And,

Spraying out her liquid, the "Red Demon" was in a state of ecstasy.

"Aaaahh! Ahh, like that, ah... Lick inside me... Ahh, what a tongue movement... Hiii~uh! Ahh, something is crawling inside... So this is the Lord's magic... Kua... No, I am... being corrupted... Kuhiiiiin❤❤"

The "Blue Demon" straddling the Lord's face convulsed.

The calm, beautiful beauty melted without reserve as he continued to suck her honey pot, rubbing her folds while getting refills.

"Aah!, please stop your fingers! ❤" "How can you do this with just your toes..." Hii! Something is crawling in, why is it so hot.....all the way to my uterus... Fuhiiiin❤❤"

He poured magic into the partner whom he brought to climaxes with his fingers and feet, allowing them to experience not only his skills but also the pinnacle of pleasure.

"Fuaa... Even though I'm the one licking his nipples, why... My head feels so light... Nhih... Eh, why, why, wait... Wai-, wait... I-I'm... coming❤❤"

""Hiiiiin❤❤""

He even brought a girl who was just licking his nipple to climax.

"...Fuhaha, I never expected it to go this far..." Even Onee-chan was a little surprised. "But! That's Desmond for you! My sister's husband and my husband! Fuhahahaha!"

――She won't feel discouraged at all.

"Fuhyaahhhh❤❤"

The women who had gathered around his body were all brought to climax.

――Somehow, I feel like I'm no longer human.

"It's just your imagination."

The Ero elf wife, who inherited the blood of the Ero elf and bestowed blessings upon him, said through a "heart communication" .

Maybe the Demon has released something that should have stayed dormant...

／

"Hhhhhh, nnghhh, aaaahhh...... nghhhh......."

Obscene wet sounds intertwine with the sweet gasps of a lovely girl. The girl, on all fours on the bed, raises her cute buttock, enduring the relentless attack from the man behind her with clenched teeth. The practice leotard that clings to her sweaty young skin reveals the girl's still immature body.

The man - of course, Desmond - grabs the immature hips of the gray, shot-haired beauty, who still seems to be in her mid-teens. He's cupping her immature buttocks in his hands, rubbing them gently and tenderly, and kneading her vagina with his hips moving in an obscene way.

Rubbing her curved underside to her torso, then sliding down the back, he pokes the depths of her twitching and budding body.

"Ah, ah, mmm... ugh, uunnnghhh..."

The young girl grits her teeth, saliva dripping as she desperately endures.

As her leader instructed, she tries to circulate her magical energy―― but she doesn't know how to do it as he described. That's why she relentlessly resists the invading sensual that penetrates her from within, throbbing and eroding her.

"Ah, ah... uuuhhh..."

*Twitch...*

As the girl's body jerks, her liquid, the proof of her endurance overflows and drips from the joining. Desmond slowly rotates his hips, sending his violating magical power into her gradually.

"She got some potential. Even though she's a bit clumsy, Maybe you should use your magic to complement the skill..."

Desmond, with a squelching sound, thrusts inside her...

"Ah, ah... ughhh..."

The beautiful girl grips the bedsheets tightly and endures the movements of the man thrusting behind her.

"Are you about to climax? If you want to climax, go ahead and do it, Rosie."

*Squish squish*...

His rod, piercing through her passage, stirs her folds.

"...Fugyu ❤...no.. Fuhaaan ❤❤"

Her cute and innocent reaction made Desmond forget that in a previous life, this would have been a crime scene,

"A, Auu... Nn, I can't lose❤.... Nn! Nnnnnnn ❤❤"

The young girl tightly clenched with lascivious drool dripping down, she tried her best, but the lord is...

――Oh no, this is getting fun.

"Fyaaahhhh ❤❤"

and,

He pulls back. The folds ripple with his dick and she still clutches him, shuddering as he draws out her nectar. Desmond doesn't pull it all out. He pulls out and rubs the girl's swollen pedals. Only the tip remains buried in the girl. The flesh rod that is torturing her, full of veins, is like the rod of the devil.

"Hhhhh, hmmm ❤ nyaaaaaaaaahhhh ❤❤"

She jerked, arched her back, and raises her hips as the pleasure rubs against her. It was like a bitch begging to mate. The corrupt rod spreads the girl's entrance and imprints the pleasure of sex into her.

"Fah, ha! Hii, nnnn~ ❤"

――Well then, shall I deliver the finishing blow?

Desmond couldn't suppress the lewd grins.

*thrust*!

"Fuhiiii~aaaaaaahh! ❤❤❤"

She recoiled as the spear thrusts deep within her. Her leotard, even with its small-fruited yet firmly erotic protrusion of her chest, made a splendid sight. Her flushed and heated female body, finally surrendering to the strong male that embarked on its conquest,

―― Ahh, aaahhhh... No, my body, it, it wants to get conceive, it wants his noble seed, it wants to be impregnated... ❤

Her cute ass shook as the sound of flesh slapping more intense. The hard, swollen meat root pierces the beautiful girl's vagina and pokes deep inside."...Ahhhhh ❤"

Rosie was already on the verge of giving in.

"Oh, ahhh......❤"

In the first place, it was thanks to Desmond's skillful adjustments that she was able to endure being ravished to his degree. Teresa's remarks, weak as they were, actually had some validity when it came to her ability to resist his magic. You could even say she was proven right. After all, she was the leader and has a keen sense in an unexpectedly peculiar way.

"Fuaaaahhh! ❤❤"

He is more and more aroused by the sixteen-year-old beautiful girl who is acting this lewd and promiscuous even though she is still an innocent girl. He shakes his hips harder.

"Faaaah, Hyaaah, Nnghh, Hiiiinn! ❤❤"

*Squelch, Squelch*

The lewd and degrading echoes sink into the girl's body, and yet the man's strong pumping does not cease. And even though she hasn't fallen yet ―― but that's a matter of time. Because of her resistance and Desmond's adjustment, slowly, his magic was invading her body. ――She was no longer passing through the matter.

Rosie sensed the change that had happened to her.

――W-What is this...? My stomach... Ngh, it feels strange... Something is... coming out...? But the lord didn't ejaculate inside me yet... "Ah! ❤"

At that precise moment, she ovulated.

"Ah, aaahhhh!"

"Uoooh! What's happening? Why is it suddenly tightened so much...?"

The flesh hole, which should still belong to a girl, was undulated and clamped down on Desmond's tool.

――What is it, what? I'm getting sucked inside? Oh, ugh!

Desmond was about to fill her vagina, and he squeeze his ass muscles. It jerks and quivers inside Rosie, rapidly on the verge of exploding. Is it because of Desmond's desire sinking into Rosie, or is it the counterattack of an abused female? The folds of Rosie's vagina undulate, squeezing him,

――I'm going to cum!

"Fuhiiiiii! ❤❤❤"

*splurt*, *splurt*...

"Faaaahhh... I'm being ejaculated inside, inside my vagina, by the noble lord... ❤❤❤ Fuahh, Ahh, I'm cumminggg..."

*splash* *splash* *splash**splash*...

Golden liquid leaked out of Rosie. Desmond ejaculated into a beautiful girl as it is. Her vaginal flesh wriggled, squeezing him lovingly, sucking the muscular male's seed deeper and deeper into her.

――Ohhhhh, that feels so good.......

The foolish man, rubbing the girl's undeveloped ass and seeding her with a blissful look on his face, does not notice the reaction of her body, and the somewhat useful "chicken sense" is not doing its job as always.

――Accidents can happen during training.

The seed Desmond swims into the girl's womb, and ――""Ah!""

They say the practice should be like the real scenario as much as possible, but this was unmistakably "the real scenario".

"..........."

"...........❤"

Quietly, Desmond couldn't stop his cold sweat as he met the beautiful girl who looked at him with her moistened eye.

"Desmond?"

from behind?

He sensed the presence of a demon. Teresa didn't specifically forbid Desmond from impregnating female knights like Charlotte. In fact, she even encouraged it. However, Desmond himself stated that he wouldn't actively impregnate them even if he fuck them, as this was merely magic training. He, who receives the Ero elf's blessings, shouldn't actively impregnate anyone without their consent.

――And above all, Onee-sama still wasn't pregnant.

"I need to tell Liz that her workload has increased."

*step* *step* he think he heard the heartless footsteps of his wife growing distant.

"............"

Gently, Desmond withdrew himself from Rosie's tight pussy. Along with her lovely moans, the spray of her desire splattered, and the impregnation rod bounced up. With obscene sounds that made Rosie want to plug her ears, the defeated remnants of the soldier that couldn't impregnate her overflowed from between her legs.

He turned towards Onee-sama.

――Huh? She's smiling?

She smiles like she's the man who impregnated the girl herself.

"Fuhaha, Desmond, it seems you need to improve your handling of magic first. Of course, you need to make sure to impregnate me too!"

"Eek!"

After that, Desmond was trained in one-on-one sessions with the commander. And also with the other female knights.

His stamina was inexhaustible as long as he could use magic. But when it came to his hit points...

He was reduced to pure white ashes.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

6-1) Victim of Reincarnated Lord's Sexual Technique: Case 2 (Part 1)

"Desmond-sama, I understand that it's an unreasonable request, but could you please violate my wife, Maia?"

Just like that, he, a well-built husband, bowed his head to the lord at an angle of more than 90 degrees.

――Why?

――How did it come to this?

What should I do? I, as the lord, am in a big pinch. No, it's not exactly a pinch, but...

I ran away from the ――cough intense training of the knight which was getting more intense day by day. Liz-chan's eye, which became even sadder as she wrote a letter reporting her pregnancy, was unbearable so I escape ――cough, no, I mean, as the lord of Aldora, I went out to inspect the life of the commoners.

It was getting a bit humid in early summer at Aldora. It was a perfect day for outdoor activities, so I quietly went for a walk, being careful not to be spotted by the other knight order members. Nevertheless, I couldn't resist holding Charlotte-chan's hand ever so gently...

And it happened at that moment.

――I slept with his wife, didn't I? What should I do? Will he forgive me if I offer him a tax exemption for a million years or something? Or maybe he'll beat me with that hoe, yeah. Allow me to use the non-(sex) version of 【Physical Enhancement】just in case.

"Then it won't be much of a punishment at all,"

――Oh, that's right, wasn't you who instigated it?

"Later, Maia's husband is also in it too."

".................."

While having such a conversation with my beloved wife, I silently hid Charlotte-chan behind my back. I won't let my wife be stolen even if I steal someone else wife's! "Uuu... You're so shrewd." Charlotte-chan tightly grabs the hem of my clothes. I thought she was certainly shrewd enough herself.

Well, it's true that Charlotte is right. Maia and her husband agreed to it... Wait, why is her husband coming towards us with such a determined look on his face and shoulders tense?

He sniffed with his nostrils, and his cheeks slightly flushed... Huh? His cheeks slightly flushed?

"Ohoh~♪"

Stop joking around, Charlotte.

As I prepared myself, he stood in front of me, lowered his head with momentum as if he were about to headbutt me, and spoke the aforementioned sentence.

――My eyes bulge.......

"I tried to violate Maia, just like Desmond-sama did."

He began.

――But, um, I know that there is no eroticism in this world, but can't you find a slightly less direct way to say it? Saying "violate" is too strong or, well, what should I say... And when we say "violate" even between husband and wife, it gives off a naughty feeling and strangely excites me. Am I the only one feeling this way?

And, I did that! Um, you know? You know what I did to your wife, right? And you're not angry, but rather looking apologetic.

Even though I'm dull, I somewhat understand the direction this conversation is going and who else is involved!

Surely it went something like this,

"Maia, you should do it more with your husband." (Charlotte)

"Please husband, more, more..."

"Nooooo..."

Or something like that, I guess.

"You're a lot sharper than usual, I didn't think it was possible coming from you."

That's harsh, Charlotte!

But I am not aware that...... such a thing happened.

.................

――I'm sorry!

I was about to prostrate myself in front of the husband in front of me, but as the lord, I can't do that. I can't do such a thing so brazenly, as it might start another ridiculous cultural trend.

――Another ridiculous cultural trend?

This situation has reached a point where having an affair is just a part of everyday life! Moreover, the other party is the lord, so there's absolutely no objection needed. Who is responsible for this situation?!

"It's a collaborative effort."

I can't deny that...

"But I still couldn't do it like Desmond-sama......."

And the sturdy husband of Maia had a distant gaze.

Of course, right? I am a noble who regained memories of my past life and can use magic. In this world, where men don't get erect without using lube and don't feel lust, it's impossible for them to compete with me. Literally, the differences are worlds apart.

Maybe she said something like, "Desmond-sama can do it way better..." If someone were to say such a thing to me, I wouldn't just lose my erection, I might even lose my will to live!

I seem to be on the verge of having a case of distant gaze as well...

"You can't compare yourself to Desmond-sama, who can please multiple women multiple times a day."

The maid casually replied, of course, she had also been accompanying us on our walk. By the way, Ephemera was with us too....and did you provide unnecessary information? It was you, right?! And you interrupt us while we're talking――even if it's Maia's husband I'm talking to, so it's just barely acceptable――you seem to really want some punishment.

It must be all according to her plan.

...Really. ――Gufufu

But I can't simply laugh at the current situation.

Because as I meet the husband's gaze, his eyes penetrate through me as if saying,

"Doing things that I (we) can't do and pulling it off so calmly! I am in awe! Let me worship you!"

"I apologize for the rudeness, but please, Desmond-sama, please violate my wife and satisfy her for me."

His eyes were now clear.

He feels ashamed that he can't satisfy his wife, and he pleads with me, giving me his utmost respect――worship, perhaps? There are not any NTR elements involved, nor does he feel any disgust about his wife being embraced――but maybe it's just my imagination, please say it's just my imagination, please!

"You're not the kind of lord who ignores the pleas of your people, right, Desmond-sama?"

My beloved wife delivers the final push.

◇

"Haaah!?!" Maia's frantic voice echoed through her house. "No, you, what...?"

In front of her stood her triumphant husband, me trying desperately to stifle an embarrassed look, composed Charlotte, and nonchalant maid. There's also Ephemera in my shadow.

Surely her husband, filled with pride for having requested me for Maia's sake and being accepted. In front of such a husband, Maia's face reddened, her mouth open and close in surprise. She had large breasts and just like a farmer's wife, she had broad shoulders and a sturdy, childbearing physique. With her flaxen hair in braids and dressed casually in a blouse and pants, Maia seemed to have gained a certain allure. Such a reaction from her makes me...

――Un, so pretty "Did you get a boner?"

"............ Let's restrain ourselves, Charlotte."

"On behalf of Desmond-sama's lack of self-control?"

"No comment."

"How stupid of you..." Maia squeezed out her words towards her husband. She glances at me, apologetic and something else.

"How is that stupid? Besides, I'm not doing this for you. It's for Desmond-sama's child growing in your womb. Isn't it better if you're satisfied?"

――Who said that?! Who spouted such nonsense? It must be one of these two here! Or maybe there's another mole? or a new type of tsundere?

――"W-well...I am.. satisfied..." ――Um, Maia's blushing face is so refreshing.

"I could eat three bowls of rice with that."

"Totally"

""Yay!"" ――Charlotte and I exchanged a virtual high-five in our minds.

"You're not satisfied, are you? You always wanting more and I always end up being unable to keep up..."

"Ugh, uuu... how can you say such things in front of everyone..."

Maia's mouth opened and closed again. She's so easy to read. Hoho, Maia seems to be sexually frustrated. I don't know the specifics of what's happening, but it appears that Maia, who has been embraced by me, has awakened to sexual desires, and her husband is struggling to keep up. So, he wants the insatiable lord to satisfy his insatiable wife...

Well, I don't mind that.

"And you, you can make fun of me, but are you going to waste the favor of Desmond-sama who already agreed to this? I'm terribly sorry for this, Desmond-sama."

――Hey, don't look at me with those apologetic eyes. Because I'm starting to feel guilty and avoiding your eyes. And why are your eyes so passionate? I can somehow tell that the husband is also one of those fanatics, but just so you know, don't you dare start saying that you want my favor. Absolutely not, got it!?

"And does Maia not want to be violated by Desmond-sama?"

――Hey, should a husband even ask his wife that?

"..W-Well..."

Please don't look at me with those eyes. It makes it hard for me to avoid making mistakes.

"...C-can I really?"

――There's no other choice but to make more mistakes.

I was led by Maia to their bedroom, where her husband, my wife, the maid, and even Ephemera in my shadow were also present.

What is this, a class visit!?

"U-Um..."

Maia looked around shyly.

"Don't mind us."

"Same here."

".................."

Charlotte, Katherine, and Ephemera in the shadow. Maybe I should consider changing the name Ephemera to something less reserved. And why is her husband staring at me instead of Maia? I'm really scared to get butt-naked in front of everyone. Maybe this is what he really wants from me? Um, let's stop thinking about it.

By the way, Maia's children were also here. Eleven-year-old Hannah-chan, seven-year-old son, and six-year-old daughter...

――Hey, let's not do this, okay?

As the lord, I strongly believe that we shouldn't try to establish this as a culture. Making adultery a culture is unacceptable, right? And since the main participant is the lord, we don't need any Aldora Rules like "It's okay because it's the lord." right? ――Well, above all, it's too stimulating... having the lord violate the wife in front of her husband and children is definitely a case that requires immediate persecution...

"Desmond-sama, I want to use this for future reference if you don't mind."

"...... Oh."

I could only nod to her husband.

"And I'm sure everyone wants to see Maia's beautiful figure in bed, don't they?"

I think the "I wanna see!" U●tra quiz style is a bit too much for kids in this situation, Charlotte-chan...

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

6-1) Victim of Reincarnated Lord's Sexual Technique: Case 2 (Part 2)

She wonder how it came to this. ――It's all because of my foolish husband.

... But it's all because, for her sake,...

Maia felt warmth filling her chest. At the same time, the passion within her womb...

Unable to satisfy herself, he turned to Desmond, who impregnated her and awakened her desires. ――Is this...is this really proper?

Certainly, with Desmond-sama, who taught her such decadent sensuality, and even though he might be a lord or nobleman, regardless of the first night right he would embrace her with delight, no doubt.

In front of her family as that...

――Ugh, honestly, that's...

Though she thought that, she will get violated by Desmond-sama in front of her husband and children. How she was violated, how he impregnated her, how he made her cry as a woman...

*Shiver*

... Somehow, she feels like she shouldn't look at him...

The woman impregnated by Desmond, who taught her the ways of eros, he is going to violate her again in a place where her husband and children could see. She couldn't resist the temptation of being with him again. Maia didn't listen to any logical reasons against it, and then...

"Um..."

Embarrassed and throbbing with excitement, stealing glances at her husband and the children. The heart was racing with inappropriate feelings within the chest of the married woman.

When she looked at Desmond, she could tell that he was different from commoners with his refined and sweet handsome noble face. He was an existence far above her. Yet, he is still friendly and interacts with her, her family, a commoner. But Maia could sense that he was hiding something behind his composed appearance, trying hard to keep up a front. She couldn't ignore the fact that something was bulging in his pants.....

Desmond-sama, how charming...

Feeling all flustered and excited, her heart was pounding with inappropriate emotions inside her married self. Maia couldn't resist and blurted out."

"Desmond-sama..."

Her voice sounded surprisingly sweet and flirtatious. "It's alright. I want you to embrace me."

She wrapped her arms around his back, pressing herself against him. She pressed her plump, voluptuous feminine pillows against him that used to raise the three children, the same ones that were going to nurture his child.

She was aware that she was doing something terribly impropriate.

However, her awakened female nature inside her wouldn't stop.

Surprisingly, she was way more frustrated than she thought. And the only person who could satisfy that desire.....happened to be the one and only in this whole world.

"Desmond-sama..." She couldn't help it, her eyes softened uncontrollably. Her lips slackened, and she descends, not just that of a wife or a mother.

Her womb throbbed.

Why... Why is it like this?

How could it be like this?

She couldn't believe it. But this sweet, tingling ache would not let her.

In front of her children, Maia embraced Desmond, wriggling her hips as she rubbed her ample breasts against him.

―― "Ah ♪"

She felt his hard, swollen thing. Her womb tingled with excitement. She pushed her hips forward, feeling his hot thing between her legs.

――Ah, this child already knows who her father is, even though her belly hasn't swollen yet...

"Haah... *kiss*..."

Unable to resist, Maia licked Desmond's lips hotly.

"Ooh, Maia is licking Desmond-sama's lips....."

"Dad, what is Mommy doing?"

"It's something naughty," Charlotte replied.

"Ah, haa!" Maia gasps. "*Chu, chu*"

She sucked and nibbled on Desmond's lips, biting his upper lip, nibbling, sucking, and licking his lower lip, slipping her married tongue into the gap between his upper and lower lips. "Nngh... nn....❤"

She tasted him.

She licked his teeth, gums, and although her real husband might have shown some resistence, Desmond take her like a champion. He allowed her to indulge. And...

"Nfuuh! Mmmm, oooh.....❤"

Welcoming her into his mouth. He accepted her tongue and pulled Maia's tongue into him as if dragging her onto a bed. "*Chu*, *kiss*...""Nfah... ❤"

From the lips of the delighted married woman, drops of sin dripped.

The lewd sounds echoed. This affection was on a different level than her husband's hesitant lovemaking.

"Nh... ❤!" Her tongue was sucked inside Desmond's mouth. It curled around her, it was wrapped in saliva, all in front of her husband and children.

Desmond pressed his hardened crotch against her. It was no longer Maia who pushed against him, but Desmond who pushed and rubbed against her. She, too, was losing it ―― "Nnnhhh ❤"

Desmond's finger dug into her well-proportioned buttocks. He grasped the matured flesh, pulled her closer, and rubbed his male member against her.

"Nnn... Nnn..."

The numbing Maia swallowed Desmond's saliva. Her tanned farmer's throat kept swallowing. His tongue was rampaging inside her mouth, feeding her saliva like an aphrodisiac.

"Pu~ha... Ah..."

Both their lips revealed the red tongues, seemingly reluctant to part, connected by a silver thread of sin.

Maia's eyes were glazed and moist. Her tan skin took on a faint blush, like a ripe, mature fruit.

Desmond holds the married woman's ass in front of her family and rubbed his hot, throbbing member against her. Using his hips, he pressed her down onto the couple's bed.

◇

"Mmm, mmm, ahh... Desmond-sama... nnn❤!"

I pushed Maia down and showered her tanned skin with kisses, over and over again. In the bedroom that belonged to her and her husband, I pressed against Maia, entangling our tongues while fondling her ample breasts. The slippery, hot, sweet married woman's tongue tastes delicious.

"Ah..." I left a red sinful hickey on her neck, right in front of her family.

Intentionally making more lewd sounds, I licked and teased her fragrant and soft body.

Hmmm, I feel less guilty than last time, I wonder why? Is it because I've grown more accustomed to being the Lord or because Maia has undergone a class change to a frustrated wife this time? Or maybe because of her husband's consent...

"Hu~ah....." Sweet married woman's charming voice.

Well, I shouldn't think about it too much. If Maia and her husband want this, and I have a big hard-on between my legs, then I'll just do what needs to be done.

"Ahh!"

As I harvested the ripe fruit, Maia arched her back and it bounced ――Gufufu. Suppressing the urge to laugh, I unbuttoned her blouse with excitement.

*Boing*...

Two fruits wrapped in the bra now exposed. ――Oh, they're ripe to perfection, madam.

――Gufufu. As I play with her plump breasts, her embarrassed yet anticipating sweet voice trembles.

"Oooh... Desmond-sama..."

Her face was tanned, but her fruit was white. I buried my face in Maia's slightly sweaty fragrant tits and thoroughly licked and fondled them as much as I wanted. ―― indeed, no regrets at all.

"Daddy, why is Desmond-sama sucking mommy's breasts?"

"Well, he's checking if Maia's breasts can properly nurse the baby. Besides, Maia said that it's good for her to feel pleasure, it is beneficial for the baby."

"Wow, thank you very much, Desmond-sama. So, please make mommy feel good."

..... *stare*

I looked at Maia and she looked away..... she had a red face and avoided eye contact. ――I can't hold back any longer!

"Nn... mmm..."

I exchanged passionate kisses with Maia. Our red tongues entwined, and I continued to unbutton her blouse while squeezing her breasts. Her chocolate-colored nipples and large areolas were already swollen with arousal.

There's something about her nipples that makes me so eager ―― no, it was eager to be taken? - Maybe it's because she's already raised three children with it? ――It's wonderful.

But it doesn't need to be this swollen for breastfeeding, right? Well, it doesn't matter. ――Gufufu.

"*Chup*, *chup*..."

"Ahh... Desmond-sama..."

Oh my, what a sweet voice. Will she make such sounds even during breastfeeding? "*Chupchup, slurrrrrrrp... gulpgulpgulp...*"

"Haaa, yaaaah.....❤"

Though she may not produce any milk yet, Maia's nipples, sweet and sour with sweat, are addictive. Sucking and nibbling with soft lips, rolling around with my tongue, I delighted her thoroughly.

"Ohhhh....."

Massaging and kneading her breasts, I sucked on her nipples like I was brewing mother's milk.

I wanted to bury my face in her armpit hair, but that was out. Because everyone is watching.

"That will be for another time then" came the message from Charlotte.

"....."

"Are you telling me that you're not going to embrace her anymore?"

"Like hell I won't."

"Anh ❤!" I bit her nipple and she let out a charming cry.

"That's Desmond-sama all right."

I gently caressed the married wife, Maia, as I listened to her somewhat hesitant remarks. "...Ah, Desmond-sama..."

Her voice, filled with anticipation, embarrassment, and anxiety, only fueled me. I couldn't resist exploring her moist lower abdomen and loosening her pants to create an opening and then..... into the space between them.

"Hmm..." ――Gufufu, so soft and slippery.

*Squelch ❤*

"Ahh ❤" Maia's body jumped. I was enjoying the wet and slippery sensation of her writhing while inspecting her texture.

I rub the fluttering flower petals and stealthily slip into the married woman's depths.

"Ahh, Ahh, Desmond-sama... ❤ Ahh... ❤❤" ――Oh, my, you're already so wet. Looks like you've been holding back quite a lot. ――Gufufu.

I explore the married woman's folds that have become soft and inviting, making squishy sounds...

"Ahh, nooo, Desmond-sama... Ahh, it feels good... ❤❤"

Her wet and tender voice was accompanied by a squelching sound. Her flaxen hair, tied in braids, was in disarray as she writhed on the bed. ――Right in front of her family.

"Mom, you're so beautiful..."

"Indeed, it's Desmond-sama after all. While it's natural for Maia to act like this on her own, making her lose control like this... Impressive..."

"Mmm, Ahh, nooo, Desmond-sama! It's... It's coming... ❤ Ahh, I'm cumming... Ahhh ❤❤❤"

I could tell from my thrusting fingers that her love juices were flowing. Maia arched her back, her ample breasts bouncing vigorously. Her gasping throat made me want to bite it. The sinful kiss mark on her neck was truly arousing.

As I pulled my fingers out, the sticky threads of her desire clung on...

When I reluctantly withdraw, the tightness of her moist and hot flesh clings to me like dirty magma.

"Maia..." I lowered her pants right in front of her family. I hooked my finger into her panties ―― squish! The crotch was soaking wet, and her moist flower petals were wide open, indicating that she was ready to receive the male.

"Desmond-sama..." Her moist and lustful gaze was accompanied by drool dripping down her trembling lips. Like she whispers that she wants me so badly.

――Ahh, I can't resist any longer.

I unbuckle my belt and ――*boing*!

"So that's Desmond-sama's penis... so impressive..."

――Hey, why does the husband's voice sound so feverish?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

6-3) Victim of Reincarnated Lord's Sexual Technique: Case 2 (Part 3)

"Maia, spread the place where you want to accept me."

"....Y-Yes, understood..."

With a tanned and almost fearless feature, she, who should naturally have an elder sister's disposition, obediently nods. She was moist and sweaty.

My cock doesn't bow down and point heavenward.

As instructed, she kneels down, holding her thighs, and reaches her fingers towards the seam. *Squelch... ❤* Even though she's an experienced woman, her innocent is still captivating. Even though she seems to spend a lot of time with her husband these days, perhaps women in this world are eternally innocent like fantasy, even when they play around.

Just by watching her, the female charm lures the male. Though it looks pink and innocent, the way her honey oozes like drooling, she's undoubtedly a carnivorous beast. Well then, I guess I'll obediently indulge myself. ――Gufufu.

I, too, was drooling from the tip of my deadly, hard crimson flesh spear, throbbing with blood. I rub it against her entrance right in front of her family.

"Haah... ngh... ❤"

Rubbing her juices on my underside and coating her lewd bud with my liquid. *squish, squish* Her desire overflows, making everything wet. I withdraw, leaving only the tip in contact with her...then...

*..thrust*

*squiiish❤❤*

"Ahhhhh~ ❤❤❤"

I penetrate her all at once. With my lordly member, I fill her deepest depths. "Ohhhh, Desmond-sama's penis is, all the way inside... Ahh... ah...!"

She squeezes me, and her nectar overflows, soaking the sheets. I press the tip against the back of the pregnant woman and rubbed the married woman's inner walls.

"Ah, ahhh, hiiiiiiiiiiiingg ... ❤"

*thrust, thrust* She wriggles her hips while eagerly accepting my manhood. "Ahh... nnnnn... ❤"

Her ample breasts bounce and sway. The fully erect nipples draw a seductive trail. The mingled juices of man and woman froth up white at the connection.

――Haah, Maia, feels good. Maia's pussy, so tight.

*thrust, thrust* The rhythm of my thrusts gradually becomes a pounding as if carving myself into her, forceful and intense...

*thud, thud, squelch, squish*

My hips move powerfully, and as our private parts meet, our liquid overflows, her nectar spurts, and our pelvis collide, "Aaah, ahn! Desmond, Desmond-samaa ❤!"

The sound of our hips smacking fills the couple's room. Maia clings to me in front of her real husband, twisting her body. ――Kuah... Maia, you are getting better at using your hips. A shame that your husband can't satisfy you. I let my sense of superiority swell, moving my hips. I plow her womb, embrace her, suck on her lips, intertwine our tongues, and exchange saliva.

"Mm, nn, nnn, nn... ❤"

Maia gasps, but obediently swallows, offering me her saliva. I knead her exposed breasts, teasing her sweet nipples with my fingers, and rub her folds with my glans. Her arms and her legs wrap around my back, clinging tightly....

Performing a 【Great Daisuki Hold】 in front of your family, isn't this too much? ――Gufufu.

"Unn, fuu, nn, guuuu!"

Despite the tightness, I adjust the depth and angle, stimulating her sensitive areas. Skillfully manipulating my rod, "Ahh, ahhh ❤❤"

I go from shallow to deep, driving her body gently but firmly stimulating her G-spot.

"Ahh, ah, ah..."

Her pussy, and the grip of her arms and legs tighten, all tell me that I'm hitting the right spot. "No... Desmond-sama... Ah, ah, ughhhh ❤❤"

Bouncing and writhing, the married woman shows how pleasurable it is. Her lower abdomen, pressed against mine, pulsates and splatters with excitement from our union.

"Ohhh... Maia, to see you making such a happy face... Desmond-sama is truly amazing. I could never make you feel that way..."

Amazed and envious, her husband's voice makes me twitch inside Maia even more. "Ahhhh ❤❤" She climaxes again. However, far from relaxing, her tightness becomes even more intense...

――Gufufu. Well, then, it's about time to end this...

*thrust, thrust, thrust...*

"Ah, no, there... If you keep rubbing there... Ahh, Desmond-samaaa ❤"

"Is it good, Maia? Do you enjoy something that your husband can't do?"

"Ah... Desmond-sama's penis feels so much better than his... Nghh, ahh ❤"

"Of course, it's absurd to compare me to Desmond-sama in the first place."

Her burly husband nods with a satisfied expression.

――What's wrong with you? And with that proud look too?

But then again, if you granted me permission to take her away, then I...

"I see, so Maia enjoys it very much. Do you like my penis more than your husband?" With a fully erect flesh spear, I prod, and her lower mouth responds by tightening even before her upper mouth moves.

"Ah, haaaahhh..." writhing and squirming, the married woman responds.

"In that case, Maia, I'll ejaculate soon. I'm going to inject your womb with the true father's sperm for your child."

*Thump ❤*

Her vaginal walls contract, embracing my glans. gulp

"I'm going to cum, Maia."

*splurt ,splurt ,spluuuuurt, splash ❤*

I ejaculate inside the already-impregnated married woman. In her clenching pussy, I keep ejaculating, *splurt ,splurt*

The cum that he couldn't contain overflowed.

"Ah, ahhh ❤ He's ejaculating... He's impregnating me... ❤"

"Wow... So much is coming out... As expected of Desmond-sama..."

The husband gasps in admiration as my milky fluid overflows from his wife while I'm still inside her.

"Ahh, ah, ah, fuaaaaaa ❤"

*smack, thump* The sound of the man's thrusting continues to echo in the bedroom.

The first round has ended, and the children have left the room, so we begin the second round.

Maia gets on all fours on the bed, and I, with my still erect rod, mercilessly penetrate her delicate flower. Her undulating birthing hips are irresistible. Her supple waist becomes sweaty, and her arched back looks erotically enticing like a bitch that is ready to be mated. I grab her plump buttocks, digging my fingers in, spreading her cheeks wide open.

Her adorable rosebud flinches shyly, fueling my unstoppable arousal.

I press, squeeze, thrust, and plow her hips like cultivating the land.

"Aannn ❤ Ahhh... amazing, amazing, Desmond-samaaa..."

Maia must have been quite frustrated, or maybe it was her stamina of a farmer's wife. She actively moves her hips along with my thrusts, indulging in pleasure. There's no way I wouldn't be delighted by that. I rub her flesh with my engorged underside, sliding it along the backside, poking deep into the back, repeating the piston motion, reveling in the sweet sensation of debauchery.

As her butt jiggles, splashes her arousal around. The bed creaks like it's screaming. Unable to resist, I find myself licking her sweaty back.

"Faahh... ❤ Nghh, ahhhh..."

I succumb to her affectionate moans while thrusting vigorously like a dog, cupping Maia's breasts from behind. When I pinch her erect nipples and tug them, Maia twists in pleasure.

I lean in to suck her ear. Her body jumps in response. I fill her vagina to the deepest part, I bend her neck back to let her tongue out, and I suck it.

"Huff, huff, nghh, nghh ❤"

We rub our tongues together, savoring each other's saliva.

With a tight squeeze, I ejaculate in the depths of her vagina again.

"Ah, ahhh... You're cumming again, ah... It's still so much... Ahh, it's hot, so hot..."

Her body trembles and convulses, and I pour myself into her mercilessly.

——In front of her husband who still stayed in the room.

By the way, Charlotte and Katherine left with their children. As for Ephemera... let's keep that quiet for now.

"Haa, haa..."

After pulling myself out from Maia with a lewd pop, who breathes heavily and sensually, her shoulders trembling, my manhood still erects, and my desire spills out from her.

"Desmond-sama's penis is still standing tall, it's amazing, so amazing..."

Hey, husband, I told you to stop giving my penis those heated glances. Let's change your wife to the next position, so I can hide my penis inside her vagina.

"Maia, can you handle more? Can you take Desmond-sama's penis again?"

――Why are you?

"Haa..nn..." Maia nods slightly. But it seems better for her to take a short break.

So, I bring my member closer to Maia's lips. "...Yes *slurp*"

Then came a delightful sensation that makes my hips jerk. *slurp, slurp* *lick*...

Her tongue, sticking out from her lips, licks and sucks my erect flesh. Ahh, it feels so good... I guess I'll think about the next position after I cum in her mouth. *slurp*, *slurp*... In front of her husband, she takes my manhood into her mouth, her cheeks puffing as she slides her lips along my flesh.

I uncontrollably bounce and indulge in pleasure. In the hot and moist depths of this woman's throat.

"Taking Desmond-sama's penis in your mouth..."

Well, let's ignore that outsider voice for now. Although he is part of the education as well.

*slurp, slurp*

――Ohhhhhh... Maia, exactly as instructed, teases the glans with her tongue... Mmm, excellent.

"Maia, I'm going to ejaculate. Receive it in your mouth."

"Mmm ❤"

She hollows her cheeks further, preparing to receive the ejaculation in her throat.

I ejaculate relentlessly into her mouth.

"Nngh... Nnn ❤"

Maia diligently swallows my lust into her throat, trying not to spill it.

Her husband watches it all with a feverish gaze.

――Oh, it's gotten to the point where neither they nor I can go back.

Let's make sure to satisfy this frustrated married woman properly.

Geez, I've really turned into a troublesome guy.

... Seriously!

Nevertheless, the ejaculation in Maia's mouth doesn't stop. It bounces and pulsates and I mark myself in her.....

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

7) Your Nickname is...

"Oh my, EphemeraGrumpy-sama, you finally came out of Desmond-sama's shadow now, I see."

"Ah, I also want to sneak into Desmond-sama's shadow like EphemeraGrumpy-san!"

"Fufufu you seem quite composed today, EphemeraGrumpy!"

"What's wrong, EphemeraGrumpy-san?"

"............"

The nameless《Grumpy》Ephemera woman exchanged a tired smile with Sophie as they passed each other in the corridor.

I'm not upset or anything. It's just that I need to be in his shadows all the time to protect master...

Ephemera tried to justify herself. She willingly hides in his shadow, not because of the mission that the Swift family has given to her to infiltrate Aldora. Randolph Steiner the《Grey hound》 had deployed his powerful hound, with an espionage network stronger than the capital city, and plus《Platinum Breaker》 and her Aldora Knights are also stationed there. There's also a renowned Dragon that is considered the strongest creature...

Furthermore, even Desmond himself was sensitive to any real danger, thanks to his "Chicken Sense" skill. A pitiful soul who fled from both the Platinum Breaker and the Dragon.

Whether intentional or not, harming him within Aldora was nearly impossible for outsiders. In other words, if he were to be harmed in Aldora, the main suspect would naturally be from the inside.

"Surely, no one would dare betray Desmond-sama ――Hou, so Miss Teresa wishes to test how much damage Desmond-sama can withstand ....――kukku interesting."

"Desmond-sama, I need more of your semen. Eh? You've already been with the Knights three times and with Onee-sama? That means there won't be enough for me today."

"Fuhahaha! I'm back! I won't let you sleep tonight!"

The sooner they deal with their people, the better. But that doesn't mean that Ephemera lurking in his shadow won't help. What she can do by staying in his shadow is to be a witness to tragedies and licentious acts...

――Maybe I really am Grumpy about it.

No, no, that's not it. That's not why I'm peeping. Sure, there are times when I find myself watching from within my master's shadow, but it's purely for protection, not voyeurism...

As she repeatedly denied it, she remembered the countless obscene scenes she had accidentally glimpsed, causing her cheeks to flush red...

"Hmph, huff... It's because Master is so flirtatious...It's all his fault...."

Ephemera plops down on her bed, reaching down between her legs. She was a beautiful woman with white hair dressed in men's clothing with pants and a shirt. Today, she had some time off from being Desmond's guard. It's not like she escaped to her room because she was called "Grumpy" or anything, ――because.

"No bullies allow." (said by the Lord's wife)

She already declared it loud and clear.

"Nng, n... Master..."

She, moistened not with tears but with love fluids, cannot be bullied. She modestly lifted up her hip, and buried her face in the sheets, rubbing her intimate area with her fingers, trousers still on. And of course, she also bought a helping hand――She had secretly borrowed Desmond's shirt and buried her face in it.

"Huff... Fuu... Master's scent is fainter than usual, but this will do... Haa..."

She usually lurked in his shadow. So, it was only natural that she constantly basked in his scent. Being teased as "Grumpy" is probably unavoidable for her. But there must have been jealousy involved. If only she had clearly stated that "It's a special treatment!" then, even if they envied her, at the very least, they wouldn't have called her "Grumpy."

"…Mm, ah... Master, I am your bodyguard, attacking your bodyguard is just... Nghh, no, you can't~, even if it's in the shadows... Nn, aahh... ♪"

Her fingers slipped into her damp trousers, and she lifted the hem of her shirt, gently kneading her modest breasts.

"Huff, nghh, nnghh, n... ♪"

As she bit down on her shirt, her saliva stained it.

――What if, he just wearing it as is...?

Her imagination began to run wild. "Ahh... Anh..." She scratched her stiff, pointed nipples, flicking her womanhood that had been penetrated and rubbed by him countless times. Three fingers are already inside.

*Squish, squelch...*

"Aaah... No, Master, I-I'm... fuu... nnnn..."

Blushing red to her ears, she indulged in self-pleasure with lustful imagination. In her fantasy, it was Desmond...

"How cute, Ephemera. The composed assassin just melted under my fingers like this."

"Ugh... Don't say... that..."

"Cute? or do you mean naughty?"

"Hyuuh❤" As she tightened and squeezed, she learned that she was really enjoying such fantasies herself. It felt as if she was blaming herself.

"Do you want to be teased by me more than by yourself?"

"Such a thing, I can't answer... ngh!"

With a slight pull, she tugged her nipples at the same time as she rubbed her private parts, her sensitive bud was stimulated. "Ah... no, this is bad, I'm going to , I'm going to... cum..."

"Good girl, cum with my fingers, my cute Ephemera. I'll keep making you feel good like this, making you cry, and keep you as mine. I'll make you pregnant, make you give birth as many as I want."

She feels a tight sensation inside her "Kyuuh."

"Ah, I'm g-gooing to I'm cumming, ❤❤"

Trembled and shuddered, feeling his scorching heat pouring into her vagina.

"Fuwa~... Aahh..." ――Just like this, someday, I will be impregnated too...

"...Fufufu."

Unconsciously, her face relaxed.

In this situation, Anyone wouldn't be able to think that she used to be a "shadows" She could just let go, relax her face, and feel the joy of being a woman. Finding hope for the future became so much easier, ...all of that were given to her by him. It all happened because of her meeting with Charlotte.

"Ah..."

As she pulled her fingers out, she felt the slightly sticky and embarrassing residue. With a slight smirk, she spread it on his shirt... "――You're really《Grumpy》"

"Hyaah!?"

◇

《Grumpy》let out an unexpectedly cute cry that didn't match the image of 《Ephemera》.

――Mm, she must be 《Grumpy》and not 《Ephemera》after all.

As Charlotte said, there was no bullying in this territory.

"Desmond-sama, will you please come with me?"

I was escorted there by my beloved wife and found the former assassin masturbating in her room. I know this sounds crazy but it's exactly what it looks like.

And can you believe that she didn't even notice that we, amateurs, had come in? This girl used to be an assassin that got sent to kill us, right? However, to think that she was masturbating while sniffing my shirt and even marking it with her own love juices... She truly seems to be an assassin after all.

Desmond's self-control score has reached zero.

Really, absolutely splendid——utterly shameful!

I pull out my assassin slayer sword (sex).

"Uahh, Master, wait, I just climaxed, I can't move..."

She flustered, and her slender hips trembled. - Hmm, what a technique. I might get killed just like this.

I swiftly pulled down Ephemera's pants, "Oh, today's panties is quite cute, aren't they?" ―― "Don't look, please don't look..." ―― "Could it be you changed into these for masturbation?"

"Don't say that!"

"Then it would be a shame to take these off."

As I pressed the flooded area, it was so slippery to the touch. I squeezed and fondled her soft mound, "Mmmm, nnn... Nnya..."

――Gufufu, she's not running away, not resisting, not cursing. Instead, Ephemera enticed me by swaying her buttocks.

"Tch, no... mmmm, please don't rub it like that... fuu... ❤"

――Um, 《Grumpy》.

In that case, it's best not to take them off after all. I handled my fully erect meat sword and, using the tip to traced around the crotch area of her panties.

"Ugh... You-you're such a deviant!"

"I don't want to hear that from you. Comrade."

"Stop it!...Fu~ah ❤" I rubbed against her slit. It was already slimy and wet. I'd like to keep rubbing it and cum a shot or two on these adorable panties ――oh, her little bean is reacting. "Aahh, ah... ❤"

"I'm going to insert it, Grumpy-chan."

"I'm not, don't say it like that..."

"Hm? So you won't admit it? If you don't, I won't give it to you."

Now in a prick mode. I targeted the little bean with the tip, I rubbed her sensitive petals, thoroughly savoring her trembling and wetness. It would be sad if she didn't fold but if that's the case, I'll make a mess of her panties instead.

Gesmond Geswead swells with beastly lust. Gesgesgesges (laugh)

"Alright, Fine. I'm Grumpy. So, please, quickly, insert your... thing in me..."

Hey, was Ephemera used to be an assassin a lie? What kind of illegal criminal would fall so easily? Well, either way, she's my girl.

"Understood. I'll insert it. My cute Ephemera."

*Squish!*

"Faahh, ahhhhhhh ❤❤"

She climax the moment I entered her. Trembling and convulsing, her slender body emitted spurts of joyous spray from our union. Not only that, but her irresistible tightness cling on my pole――"Aahh... Good job, Ephemera. Buy your little Your Muttering's big member wants to ejaculate."

"Idiot, idiot ahhhh❤❤❤"

Even though she resisted, her tunnel tightened around me as if refusing to let go, making a cute little anal clench and twitch. "Ugh... I'm still cumming, so don't rub inside me... Nnh, nnnoooo ❤"

Alright, let's climax together just like this.

"Hiiiieeeeee ❤!! I'm getting ejaculated inside... Ohhh... It feels like a finishing blow... Hah, I... I'm going to get pregnant... ❤"

Desmond thought she looked incredibly happy, this Grumpy girl.

"That's right. Now, Desmond-sama, I'll take it from here. How dare you take Desmond-sama's shirt that I was eyeing. Monica already took one away from me Last time !"

Oh, I see. I noticed my clothes and belongings disappearing recently, so everyone was taking them. Could it be that I'm the one being bullied? What else did they take...

"You can take that anger out on this grumpy girl!"

Hey Charlotte, didn't you just blatantly change the subject?

"Come on, come on!"

Oh well, I'll interrogate Charlotte-chan's body with plenty of questions later,

"Oh no, I'll get broken ❤"

It's like everything is going according to her plan!

――Cough

First, I'll show my gratitude to this grumpy girl and treat her well.

"Hey, Ephemera... It's time for a thorough punishment."

"Fuuaa..."

As I whispered in her ear, Ephemera trembled with joy.

Geez, aren't there too many punishment enjoyers around me?

Seriously.

――Gufufu.

And so, in the middle of the peaceful afternoon in Aldora, I continue to exercise my hips as usual.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

8-1) Added Attribute

At the Aldora lord's mansion, the bedroom was once again filled with the alluring voices of beauties.

"Mmm, ah, aah... haaah..."

On the edge of a large bed, three superb asses were presented to him. Plump and firm, they swayed lasciviously, seeking the affection of their beloved lord—or rather, threatening him to give them more quickly.

*Thump, thump, thump, thump.*

The sounds of flesh slapping rang loudly as the large butt in the middle was being vigorously pounded. With every powerful thrust of the man's strong hips, the woman's pleasure intensified. Every time the man's rod slammed into the lustful embrace of her flesh folds it was met with joyful fervor inside her moist passage.

"Ah... Yes... Master... Haa... Aah... ❤"

It was Katherine who was being ravished by Desmond. On her left and right were the Terrace sisters, Charlotte, Desmond's beloved first wife and Katherine's half-sister, and Teresa, her older sister. Sandwiched between them, she was being pleasured from behind by her master.

――Haa... Is it really okay to be this happy? Mm... If only... I could be taken from the front and back alternately .....more.

"Ah... Ah... Master... It feels amazing... Nngh... ❤"

*Squish, squelch...*

And from her left and right, the lewd wet sounds are also getting louder.

"Fuaah... Desmond-sama... Your fingers feel good... But... I'd love to have your penis even more... Nngh... Fufufu... ❤"

"Fuhaha... Even though I'm a big sister... to think you'd satisfy me with just your fingers and do it with my sister... Nnaa♪ This is so wrong... But, I'm the only one who's not pregnant here... Ngh! Desmond, why did you..out of a sudden... Ooh, yes, right there! ❤❤"

On her left, Charlotte's mature and pale childbearing hips twitched, and on her right, Teresa's tanned lips drips with pleasure. Charlotte's wavy platinum-blonde hair danced, while Teresa's straight platinum-blonde hair swayed gracefully. Meanwhile, the youngest half-sister, with her reddish-brown up-tied hair, adorned with a maid's white brim, bounces with delight.

White Brim is for the maid, Maid is for White Brim.

It was a privilege reserved only for Lord Desmond in this world where there is no eroticism. And it is only because only Desmond can deal with these women at the same time.

"Aahh❤"

Skillfully using his fingers, he drove them to climax.

Intertwined, teased, and stimulated their weak points until they could take no more.

"Haah, ah, ah, ah... I'm... I'm going to cum, Desmond!"

"Aaah❤ I'm... I'm cumming, Desmond-samaaa, my clit... feels so good, I can't hold it anymore❤"

"Haah... Master... I want you to have me one more inside my ass. Nngh... Haaaah~❤❤❤"

『Aaaahhhhh~❤❤❤』

Desmond ejaculated deep inside Katherine. He poured his desires into her, and while his fingers were tightly embraced and sucked by the two Terrace sisters' folds, sprays of joy flew from all three women.

Desmond released himself inside Katherine's vagina

――It was the usual scene.

Even while they were caught up in their debauchery, this was their usual daily routine. However, even in their everyday lives, things were about to change...

◇

"Katherine? Are you sure you're not getting carried away?"

"No, not at all."

Katherine responded while letting out a passionate sigh with the male juices poured into her. She was beautiful. The only thing indicating her role as a maid was the white brim on her head, as she's now completely naked.

"Hmm..." The twenty-nine-year-old madam stared at Katherine with large emerald eyes.

Despite being twenty-nine, she had a girlish and beautiful appearance that made her look no older than twenty. However, after being intimate with Desmond and bearing his child, she acquired the allure of a graceful married woman. Her body was sweaty and glowing from his caresses, and her fair skin turned a tempting peachy hue.

"Chu."

Charlotte kissed Katherine on the lips. The pink lips of the two women softly pressed together then parted.

"You don't taste like you're lying."

"You can tell?"

"Oh no, I'm just joking." Ufufu―― Charlotte laughed innocently, but she still stared at her with a fixed gaze.

"You receive Desmond-sama's attention and even accept his first load inside, yet you still desire more....it's not fair."

Charlotte wasn't really blaming Katherine, though. To the endearing "gunununu" mistress, the maid remained composed.

"I apologize. If I am to be punished, so be it."

"That would only be a reward for you, wouldn't it?"

――Sulking.

Of course, Charlotte had no intention of really punishing Katherine. and then,

She came up with an idea.

"Ufuufu... Ahh, Desmond-sama ❤"

Charlotte squeals with delight as she was flipped over by her beloved husband. The bountiful fruit on her fair body bounced with excitement, and her bud, filled with lust, was perking up. Her cute eyes were filled with anticipation.

While lecherously grinning, Desmond used his erect member to stir and rub his wife's pubic hair then pressing against her slit, he coated his shaft with her slick, needy juices.

"Aah, Ohhhhhhhh❤ ... thrusting in all at once, how evil ❤ Nn, aah ❤❤"

Desmond leaned over Charlotte and moved his hips. With each thrust, her folds undulated and tightened, and Charlotte also moved her hips affectionately. The charming wife wrapped her arms and legs around her husband's back.

"Nn, n, aah... Dejumond-shama ❤"

Charlotte's lips trembled and shivered as she lost herself in pleasure, and she writhed her hips against his sweaty body, clinging to him with all her might, "Nnah, aahh... I'm cumming, I'm cuuuumming. Dejumond-shama seeeddd..."

With a blissful expression, she twitched. Charlotte eagerly accepted his hot spurts. Holding him tight with her arms and legs, tried to draw him deeper inside.

"Who said anything about being unfair again?"

Katherine's mouth slightly curved upwards.

"You have the nerve to take me last, Desmond!"

*pop*!

"Ahh, Desmond-sama..."

He was plucked from her, his beloved wife's voice filled with longing.

"Come on, go ahead and impregnate me already! ――Haaah♪"

Onee-sama skillfully began to sway her hips in a riding position. Charlotte and Katherine flanked Desmond on both sides as he lay on his back, showering his neck with kisses and flicking his nipples.

／

"Now, Katherine, lift your thighs and raise your buttocks so that I can get a good view of your anus.

"Understood, onee-sama."

It seems Katherine is in the little sister mode now. She obediently followed the instructions of her elder sister, Charlotte, and struck a pose that couldn't be expressed in any other way other than provocative. The white, milky fluid I poured into her was overflowing from the reddened petals, emphasizing the plumpness of her buttocks as the target narrowed tightly.

――Hm, quite a sight.

The lord's wife who made her take this lewd pose smiles alluringly nearby ――her private part carelessly exposed becomes moist and wetter with the combined juices of her and mine, and the tips of her big breasts become erect ――Hm, quite a sight indeed.

And what am I doing while grinning at them?

"Kuh... Fuu, ahh... So good, Desmond... All the way in... Aah ❤"

I was sitting face to face with the tanned big sister, holding her on my lap. "Faaa..." The fierce woman clung to me and writhed her hips while making seductive cries, I penetrate deep inside her.

*Thump*

"Kuh, hiiinn ❤"

*Thump*

"Fuaaahhh ❤❤"

*Splurt, squench♪*

"Higyuuuuuun ❤❤❤" Onee-sama clung to me while convulsing. She clung tightly with all her strength, I was desperately using 【physical enhancement】 to avoid turning into a gooey mess.

"Fuha, haah, aaah... ❤"

With a quiver, she released a satisfied, heated sigh. Both of us were covered in sweat. Her sweet fragrance permeated the air, my erect rod inside her never lost its vigor.

"Fuhaha ❤"

She clung tightly, rubbing her cheeks against mine, and cuddled me, ―― Hm, not bad.

Her plump mounds crushed against my chest, and the tip of her perky breasts scratched me sweetly. As I kneaded her soft, plump ass, I observed Charlotte-chan and Katherine.

"Now, for Katherine's punishment this time, we'll use some toys."

My beloved wife, who is acting all confident, is the best.

With one hand, she tightly held her ample breasts and pushed them up, then she inserted her other arm into the cleavage ――Boing!?

"Um, not this one, and not this one either..."

Like a certain blue tanuki's pocket - but in Charlotte-chan's case, it was her cleavage...*searching* *searching*

Wait, wait, wait, hold on. Charlotte, you aren't wearing anything under that, right? When her breasts were swaying earlier, it was indeed like I'm looking deep into that cleavage. Does that mean that if you squeeze them close together, the resulting cleavage connects to another dimension or something? The F●ur-dimension Breast Pocket. If I put my face in too deep, I won't get swallowed, right? ――Right!?

"....." "Hey answer me, Charlotte!"

"Oh, there it is."

The wife ignores her husband.

――Sigh.

However, what she took out from her cleavage was something that made me forget about all that...

"Nh, ah.... yaan❤"

That voice... you're making it on purpose, isn't it?

And wait, why does she have such an item hidden there? Does her breasts connect not just to the fourth dimension, but to my past life's world as well?

"I order it."

"Who made it? Please tell me about this mysterious and wonderful craftsman!"

"....."

――Sigh.

"Such things don't really matter. The important thing is to use this on Katherine now."

"I agree it's important to use it on Katherine, but I also think it's important to use it on Charlotte-chan."

"I-I would very much appreciate it."

"I love how you hesitate but then agree anyway."

"shut up."

――Gufufu.

As I smirk at my blushing beloved wife, Charlotte-chan gestures to me with her hand. I, the lord, obediently become a summer bug flying into the fire and letting her entice me while still penetrating her elder sister.

"Mm, faa... Ah... Fuhaha, only you can carry me around like this. Fuhahhh ❤"

"I'm afraid I'm next."

That's true, of course, but right now there's something more pressing to do, isn't there?

"You're right." "Nnn..."

Charlotte-chan doesn't hesitate and brings her face closer to the maid's buttocks, licking the wet and wrinkled folds. And then,

"You can't, madam. Please don't do such a thing. It's dirty... Aah..."

Normally, a loyal retainer would say something like this.

――But too bad for her.

"Oh... Charlotte onee-sama ❤ Please... more... inside me... ❤"

Hm, it's not good, not good at all, truly marvelous.

"Fuhyuuu, Desmond's penis is swelling inside me. Kuh, aah... ❤♪"

It's incredibly wonderful how tightly she squeezes my penis.

"*lick* *lick*, chuu~pu, chu, chu."

"Ah, aaah... Charlotte onee-sama's tongue, piston my anus... Oh, aah... It feels good, so good..."

While admiring the cold beauty and my beloved cute wife. I hold onee-sama in my arms in a hugging style.

What a blissful moment for the lord!

"Ah, you're kneading buttocks like that... Fuhaha, Desmond is playing with my body♪ Kufu! If you like rubbing it, you better impregnate me. ... Ah, something hot is getting poured inside ❤"

"Fufufu, Katherine's anus is twitching and tightening when I lick it.....lewd juice also spills from the naughty hole above...soaking another hole."

*squish* *squish*

Hmm, what a fantastic view, or rather, a tragic one?

"Heeaah... Charlotte, onee-sama ❤"

Look at this maid, so spoiled. She seems even more pampered when she's with me, making me feel conflicted.

However, the close bond between mistress and servant is a truly wonderful sight. I love it.

"Fufufu, as expected of Katherine's ass. It easily swallows my fingers... It could take even two at once."

――Umu, good stuff.

As Charlotte hooked her fingers and spread it open, a vivid pink flesh is revealed.

"*drip*..." As Charlotte lets her saliva drip onto the edge of the hole, the maid gives a cry of joy.

Charlotte then plays with something like а​​​​​​​​​​​zykո​​а​​ӏbeads she took out from the secret pocket a while ago.

"Charlotte-sama, that....you can't be serious..."

The melted expression on the maid's face shows a mix of anxiety and concealed anticipation. Even experienced Katherine didn't know this mysterious tool from another world. But the b​ӏ​zykօ​zykw​zykј​о​zykb-loving, аzyk​​​​​​​​​​​ո​​а​​ӏ-obsessed, lewd, submissive maid Katherine is not to be underestimated.

She knew.

The lord's wife's eyes filled with lust and her smile widen.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

8-2) Added Attribute

"hum, hum"

Charlotte humps innocently with her cute face.

...But,

――Can you believe it? She's trying to shove something into someone else butt?

The first bead pressed against the maid's butthole and...――*Schlup*.

"Ah, ah..."

The maid hugs her thighs, spreads her ass, and waits. I think I'm not the only one who feels that she looks like a baby bird waiting for food.

"That's why I'm giving her a treat."

"Ahhh ❤!"

Katherine's head cranes back. Her white neck is so tempting, it makes me want to bite into it. I want to knead those breasts while nibbling on them.

"Desmond-sama, stay."

"Yes, ma'am!"

"Ah, that's right. I've been turned into Desmond-sama's mama. ❤"

And while blushing, Charlotte-mama spins the pearl in the maid's аzyk​​​​​​​​​​​ո​​а​​ӏ. "Hoah, ah, ❤"

"It's not there yet, Katherine. I only inserted the smallest one."

"The smallest one..."

――Gulp.

I don't think that's the face of a girl getting something inserted into her anus.

"Second one, coming in. Should I do it, or do you want Desmond-sama to do it?"

"..."

glance.

Katherine looks at me that's still holding the brown-skinned onee-sama in a face-to-face position.

――Thud.

"Ukuu, Desmond is getting excited..."

The demon onee-sama has now become my horny detector. Teresa

While still holding Teresa, I say, "Well, if you say so."

"Hee ❤❤."

As I push the second one in, her perky breasts bounce up. "*Chu*" Charlotte kisses Katherine's nipple and playfully nibbles it.

"Ah, aauu..."

The joyful spring spouts from the hole above. I also accompany her other nipple. "Aah ❤"

"Then, together♪"

Charlotte and I work together to push аzyk​​​​​​​​​​​ո​​а​​ӏ beads into the maid.

Little by little, one by one, *nup*, *nup*,

We suck, lick, and roll her nipples, and by the way, I still bounce my hips against Teresa while holding her.

"Ah, ah, aah, aaah... It's coming into my butt... ❤❤"

"Oh, oooh, it feels like I'm being turned into a portable womb. Fuhaha, so outrageous! Fuhaan ❤" - onee-chan let out a cute voice.

Amidst the gruesome meat feast, Charlotte and I smile at each other, "Ah, hoo, too big... It's spreading my ass... ❤"

Impressive, Katherine-san. Her hole swallowed the pearls like an endless swamp.

――I'm falling in love.

"So this is the last one?" "Yeah."

Although we answer normally, to be honest, there was a lot of it.

Charlotte-chan, you are so merciless... But Katherine-san seems to be enjoying it so much, so maybe it's an appropriate amount? Azyk​​​​​​​​​​​ո​​а​​ӏ beads should be used correctly and in accordance with the recommended dosage. However, we won't accept any comments like The butt is not a place to put things in.

Finally, it's time to insert the largest Perl.

"Katherine, relax."

"Y... yesh, onee-sama... kuwa, nnnn ❤"

"You want it, don't you, Katherine?"

"Yeees... do as you wish, Dejumon-shama... Ahh ❤!"

Charlotte firmly pushes the ball in, widening Katherine's sphincter.

"Only I am allowed to call Desmond-sama that."

"I'm...s-sorry... oohh ❤❤"

The last ball enters Katherine's ass, fully spreading her inside.

"Ah, aah...it's....it's inside my intestines, all of it..."

" Oh, it is true, everything is really inside you."

Charlotte is patting Katherine's belly. But it's not the womb she's stroking, it's her bowel!

"Ahn, fuaa..."

"Ufufu, Katherine, you look adorable. Chu, *lick*."

"Charlotte-onee-sama... chu, *lick*..."

Umu, what a beautiful sisterly love.

Their tongues entwine lewdly, and I start to swell inside Teresa onee-sama's womb.

"*Chuc*, *slurp*." Teresa also twirls her tongue assertively. As we exchange saliva, then Charlotte joins in, then Katherine.

One man and three women mingle. FFFM, MFFF...

Our bodies rub against each other, mixing out sweat, heavy breathing takes away our words.

However,

"Charlotte-san, it's about time."

"Yes, you're right, Desmond-sama."

The аzyk​​​​​​​​​​​ո​​а​​ӏ queen is eagerly waiting.

I, we, grasp the end of something like eponymous аzyk​​​​​​​​​​​ո​​а​​ӏ beads that's occupying inself in Katherine-san's intestines. Together with my beloved wife it feels somewhat like cutting a cake ――But this is on a whole different level of nasty!

"It's okay, I already use 【clean】."

"That's not what I meant" ―― I'm sure she already knows what I'm talking about.

"Now then, Katherine."

My wife speaks. She gazes at her maid with big, emerald eyes.

"Are you prepared――?"

"Ah... ha... Prepared, what...?"

With sweet yet coarse breaths, the beautiful maid exhales. Her expression is a mix of embarrassment and pleasure, tinge with anticipation and anxiety.

"Fufu-fu-fu, Katherine looked so comfortable when we put it in."

Charlotte-sama's elegant fingers gently trace Katherine's belly, tracing the character "の".

"Aaah..."

Charlotte traces Katherine's belly and then moves toward the rear.

――knick

"Heee❤"

"Fufufu, Katherine, now that it's in, we'll have to take it out."

And then she tugs, just hard enough that the pearl does not come out.

"Ah, au... no way."

The maid's calm eyes widen. ――Um, just this is already too much for her to handle.

Yes, taking it out is so much more dangerous than putting it in. Katherine-san must have realized it even if it was her first time. Well, she didn't think about it until now, though.

――Gufufu.

"Well then Desmond-sama, shall we?"

"Yes."

"No, please wait..."

Do you think I'll stop when you say that, you cheeky maid?!

I, we, together grasp the foreign object that occupies Katherine-san's anus.

*schop* ❤

"Ohhhiiii ❤❤❤"

Katherine's voice is so vulgar and lovely, beyond what one would expect from her. As we pull it out from her, she shrieks in pleasure. It looks like she's laying eggs.

schop, schop❤

"Aaahhhhh!! Nooo ❤❤ This is, this is too much... Hoiiiiiiiiiiii~~~~ ❤❤❤"

Juices fly from the front hole, and Katherine writhes in ecstasy.

"Ohhh, this is quite intense..."

The demon Onee-chan is impressed by the depravity.

One at a time, two, then push, ohh~fuu ❤ pulls, pushes, and another.

*Nupupupupu* ❤

"Ah, auuu, aaaaaaahhhh~ ❤❤❤"

As we pull it out, Katherine convulses and trembles, her tongue sticking out, her toes curling, her anus still wide open.

*splash* *splash* *splash*

"A river."

"Uhm, it is."

""Yay!""

I high-fived Charlotte-chan.

And then, we popped the remaining pearls out.

"Hi... fuee..."

Even though she drools, tears, and snot, she still held her thighs and kept her butt spread wide open. Katherine's hole is gaping wide. It's almost as deep and dark as her true nature.

Now, should I dye that darkness pure white?

"Kyaa, Desmond-sama, what a beast you are♪"

――Well, I do think so too, but recently, I feel like I've become even more unrestrained. I'm doing things like this so casually, to the point where I'm starting to question myself.

"Then, onee-chan, could you step aside? It's time for me to do it with Katherine."

I asked as I creampied her to convince her.

Yeah, no matter how I try to justify it, I'm already a sex beast. I have come to think that I'm quite unsightly.

"Fuhaha... it's hard to refuse when you're pouring something so thick and hot like that into me."

Onee-chan is honest.

"Also—"

She says as she steps aside, from her tanned crotch, something squirts out....Huh? But compared to the amount I ejaculated, it's not that much at all...

"Now, it's our half-sister's turn."

She says.

――Huh?

"It's time for her to save her face after all that right? - No, in this case, is it her butt? Fuhahahaha!"

The way she 'Fuhahaha' with her brown, naked boy is so attractive that it's hard to decide whether I want to put it in onee-sama or Katherine.

But there's a bigger problem.

"Half-sister? Who, whom?"

"You didn't know? Katherine is my half-sister from a different mother, you know? Fuhahaha! ――Mm, both my little sisters are already pregnant, and I'm still..."

For some reason, she seems a little down when saying she's not pregnant yet.

――half-sister!?

Katherine is... Charlotte's!?

I glance at Charlotte, and she's gaping with her mouth wide open.

Mm, cute, so cute.

But, why, why now!? Why did she say it now!? There were so many better moments to say it, right!? Answer me why you said it now in twenty words or less!

"I don't think it's anything other than she just casually thought about it. It's onee-sama, after all."

I see, 'Somehow' is such a good word. It only needed seven characters.

But still!

When I look, her half-sister is waiting for me, spreading her butt wide open, her pink entrance inviting me.

...

What should I do?!

"You should just go on as it is. Even if Katherine is my half-sister, we will still be the same... nothing will change.....but really... Katherine is... my half-sister..."

No change! No change at all you say!?

But well, there's really no other option but to go on like this...

I, with Katherine that's still spreading her ass, press against her, and aim my rod at her...

"Nn, nnnggggggghh ❤❤"

Her rectum tightens in response, and I enjoy the movement of her bowels squeezing me. I continue to thrust in and out.

"Ah, ha, nnggghh, aaahhhhh..."

Katherine's hips sway, responding to my movements. ――Mm, even if she doesn't inherit the ero elf's blood, she has the reaction of one... I enjoy her inner muscles as I keep thrusting.

"Ahhhhh ❤❤"

I keep grinding my penis against her, and a murky and polluted white cream is poured into her.

"Me next!"

"No, it's me!"

"Mine!"

Katherine's arms and legs entwined around me.

With thumping sounds, I push my hips forward and pleasure the youngest sister.

"Fine, as you are our half-sister, but I won't give up next!"

"No, unacceptable! An older sister should yield to her younger sister!"

"Fine....after you then..." ――Big sister swallows her words.

"Ugh, aaah..."

Good. Charlotte-chan is as cute as always. However, she seems to have become even more mischievous... Well, it's good that they get along well.

"Aaaahhh ❤❤"

I vigorously ejaculated while rubbing my manhood inside their youngest sister's ass without holding back, pouring my cum in spurts of excitement.

"My turn!"

"No, it's mine!"

"Me next!"

Involuntarily, I found myself smiling.

――Gufufu,

And the show goes on.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Baron Desmond Damwead,

the third son of the newly-risen regional noble Damwead Viscount's family.

In his younger days, he was known as a prodigy of magic, but as he grew up, he lost the ability to use any "conventional" magic. He became a maverick who used noble magic, which was usually reserved for the privileged, to make the lives of commoners better. However, his concepts and effectiveness are undeniable.

Due to the danger he posed and his unbecoming behavior as a noble, he was exiled to the barren and remote land of Aldora, known for its ferocious magical beasts. At the same time, he was given Charlotte Terrace, the second daughter of the Terrace family, who was a sterile woman.

This arrangement prevented him from producing an heir to inherit his blood and made it unseemly for him to take a noblewoman as a concubine, as it might appear disrespectful to the Terrace family.

For a mere third son of a regional viscount, it would have been easier to find some pretext and pass punishment rather than take such a convoluted approach. Nevertheless, some people benefited from his use of magic for the improvement of commoners' lives, particularly the impoverished noble families in the surrounding territory. Desmond's "powers" led to an enhancement of their lives and an increase in tax revenue through improved production.

Despite any negative feelings some might have about their action towards him, there are many "righteous" nobles among the powerful and influential. As a result, they naturally choose to remain silent on the matter. The fact that they went through all the trouble just to seal the "Heretic of Damwead" in Aldora meant that some high-ranking nobles were interested in him.

Yet, eight long years had passed since Desmond's confinement in Aldora, and not a single noble made any effort to help him. Not the weak-minded nobles who feared the higher-ups or those who were interested in him...

Thus, eight years passed.

If she withers away in Aldora, that would be for the best.

And If he manages to survive in some disgraceful manner, some will eventually send in a child of some 'proper' noble as his adopted heir. That way, Desmond's legacy will gradually fade away.

That was the evaluation of Desmond Damwead, as well as the evaluation of Aldora.

――Or what should have been. Then――

Charlotte, who was thought to be unable to have children, is now pregnant.

Her ex-husband, Peter Swift, who tried to cover up the pregnancy, was met with a counterattack. ――It was a literal counterattack (physical, with magic involved).

There were those who shamelessly referred to him as "undignified." "a disgrace to the nobility." or "the weakest in all factions." However, when Desmond sent him flying, creating a huge hole in his house, and then was attacked by the "Platinum Breaker." and had his mansion burnt down by his own former wife's sister, all while dragons roamed in his territory. They all fell silent, their eyes bulging.

Despite being adversaries with the faction, Peter received an invitation from the "Platinum Mercenary Victims Association." Moreover, his former father-in-law Daddy Dandy (James Terrace), granted him a reprieve to return the rights he had taken away. Peter finally realized the kindness in the world, or so he said.

However, Daddy Dandy seems adamant about reclaiming everything he had taken away (at least what had been deprived of). As a result, the Swift family was disowned by their former faction, and their status as Marquess was significantly reduced within the nobility. From now on, it was expected that various factions would emerge, aiming for his territory and privileges, making him pay for the debts he had incurred. Actually, they have already shown up, and he's pushing himself, whipping his body and grinding his bones to dust. No time for regrets or feeling sorry, he must continue moving without taking a break.

And by the way, even though their third son, Desmond, was abducted by the "Platinum Breaker" along with a dragon, Desmond's family of birth immediately fled from the party venue. Strangely enough, they are now seen as a point of contact for the hard-to-reach Aldora, and they are receiving various approaches and love calls from different nobles. It's unclear whether they are perplexed or lamenting about this situation, or perhaps there's something else...

Furthermore, the "Platinum Mercenaries." ahem, the "Platinum Knights" under the leadership of "Platinum Breaker." now pledged their loyalty to Desmond and adopted the name "Aldora Knights." and were apparently receiving his seed every day and night. It was rumored that many girls had already been impregnated. The information came from a mysterious letter from Aldora delivered to the parents of the runaway daughter who had joined the "Platinum Knights", containing eerie handwriting full of resentment, and it is believed to be genuine due to the magical power imbued within it, which matches that of their daughter. However, there is no way to confirm its authenticity for certain. If it is, then what those parents would do? Will they unite across factions, treating him as a common enemy? Or would they consider it a political marriage in exchange for ties to Aldora?

There were no known movements against Desmond thus far. Either they were all struggling to come up with a plan or there was something they didn't want to reveal.

.................

"Desmond Damwead...Who is he exactly?"

In a lovely garden, the wind blew gracefully. A lady sat at the table, she picked up some documents and flicked them around with such grace and elegance. Even such casual gestures seemed sophisticated when done by her.

Perhaps this is a royal veil.

"Phew."

Princess Silvia, the renowned beauty of the Kingdom sighed, looking troubled. At first glance, she resembled a love-struck maiden. However, despite being a celebrated beauty, she was treated no differently as a woman among the royal family. ――In fact, royal women have another important role to fulfill.

She continued to ponder deeply.

"Very well, yes, I shall go to Aldora."

Then, with a huff.

"I'm sorry, but I'm afraid that I will not permit it."

"Oh, did I say something out loud?"

With composure intact, she subtly adjusts her appearance and gives a look to the maid.

"My apologies but yes, you did. You mentioned going to that rumored Aldora." The maid seemed to think for a moment, "If you go there, you may find yourself with a child in your belly."

These were words that Desmond would likely faint upon hearing. And this phrase would soon spread in the social circles, all thanks to the maid.

Sylvia chuckled at the maid's words, her smile is so delicate that it could make flowers feel shy.

"Well, if it's the person who can impregnate the so-called 'barren woman,'. I might also end up getting impregnated with just one encounter. If that happens, then―"

Suddenly, a strong gust of wind blew through the royal garden,

and her words were carried away and scattered like mist.

All that lingered in the air were the melodious giggles of the princess, akin to the laughter of a fairy. The maid, visibly exasperated, heaved a sigh, her eyes betraying a hint of icy detachment.

――But perhaps that's for the best. The royal family truly is a troublesome bunch.

"U-um, sorry for being late."

The slightly panicked voice called out, and when they turned, they saw a cute but slightly awkward girl, looking all embarrassed. She had long blonde hair and blue eyes that caught the attention.

The princess smiled at her, a smile that even the same sex might find enchanting.

"No, you're not late at all. I said you could come at any time."

"But, um, but I made the princess wait..."

"Christina."

"Ye-yes."

Sylvia smiled gently at her. "I know you're not of noble birth, but at the moment, you're like a saint, right? It wouldn't be good for you to be so humble in front of the princess."

"I-I understand, but..." With suppressed voice, Christina flinched again.

"This isn't an official setting. You can call me Sylvia in private."

Understanding what the princess wanted to convey, Christina nodded and swallowed nervously.

"Alright, Sylv... Sylvia."

"Good." the princess replied with a flowery smile.

Christina blushed slightly, her inner thigh fidgeting.

"Oh, did I arouse you?"

"N-No! I-I'm attracted to men!"

"A man-loving saint, huh?"

"N-No, that's not..."

Christina saw Sylvia's teasing eyes. "Uuu... ughhh~"

Giggling, the princess extended her hand, inviting the saint.

"Come, Christina. We were just talking about your favorite "man"."

"T-That's not!" Christina blushed and moved briskly to the princess's table. Immediately, the maid prepared tea for her.

"Thank you very much," Christina said shyly but didn't forget to express her gratitude. To that, Sylvia asked.

"A man who impregnates women who shouldn't be able to get pregnant then impregnates one noble girl after another, aren't you interested?"

"..... .... Yes."

Blushing up to her ears, the saint replied with a bashful tone.

"That's how it should be."

The princess grinned mischievously,

◇

The carriage rattled on the uneven road, causing discomfort.

"Ahh!...Ouch... My butt hurts... uuuu..."

Vivian, with her hair tied back tightly and round glasses, rubbed her big butt with teary eyes. Her work usually involves sitting for long periods, so she's been worried about her rear end lately, and she hopes this doesn't make it worse.

However, if she doesn't endure this journey, she might lose her job altogether.

――Come on, you can do this. I'm Vivianne-sensei after all. One or two sore butts are nothing!

She clenched her fist tightly, muttering to herself and her mouth curls into a smile. She heard from the wife of a noble she was interviewing that the lord of Aldora, who has been causing a stir in the noble circles, seems like a dream-like romance novel protagonist.

She was the author of a romance novel, and now, she's in a slump. The deadline for the next volume is approaching, she knows, but she can't come up with anything.

――That's why this interview needs to happen.

It's not like she's running away from her pestering editor who keeps asking, "Still haven't written it? Do you know that ○○-sensei's editor has never had to remind them about deadlines?" And she didn't come because she was irresistibly drawn to the delicious food of Aldora, which is whispered about like an urban legend.

――I heard that Aldora was supposed to be a barren territory, but recently, rumors about the current lord have made those rumors more credible. And most importantly, my writer's sense is tingling!

Unfortunately, that sense hasn't been elevated to a skill.

Unlike a certain lord that she's going to interview.

――That's why――

*thump*!

"Ah! My butt! My butt feels like it's splitting into two!"

"Hey, Mama, aren't butts already split in two?"

"Shh, don't look!"

*...Whisper, whisper...*

Be careful about talking to yourself in a shared carriage.

But...

――I'm a veteran single woman! With my well-aged, rich imagination, I indulge in my fantasies shamelessly!... My shame..... doesn't exist!

Vivian's fist curled up tightly, determined to endure the journey to Aldora.

As Aldora gained attention due to the lord's success(?), various new players flocked to the place.

Of course, one of them was...

"Ah, Teresa-chan and Charlotte-chan. Fufu, even Katherine-chan is looking so good now. I'm coming, Desmond-sama...Ufufufufu."

――I brought some souvenirs for you.

◯◯ Attack. ――Mother-in-law Attack.

To be continued...

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Ceremony was full of pretty flowers and bright candles.

At the banquet held in the plaza of Aldora, the people wholeheartedly celebrate the young groom and bride. Everyone's dressed nicely, and the square is full of joy with people drinking, singing, and having fun.

Clad in her enchanting bridal gown, she cherishes the happiness of this day along with the groom.

Meanwhile, the noble lord and lady who attended were smiling, but why does the lord seem really nervous and restless?

He was trying not to show it, though.

"Jenna, make sure you get impregnated."

"Haaa, if only Lord Desmond had become the Lord of Aldora sooner. Even I might..."

"Please take care of Jenna, Desmond-sama!"

――In short, nothing new.

"Thank you, my lord, for accepting my first-night right. I will do my best to get pregnant with your kindness, so please bless me with your seed."

Hmm, no problem.

...really, no problem at all...

Right in front of me is the star of the day, the bride.

Her name is Jenna-chan.

A resident of my domain, and since she had a wedding today, the first night right had been activated. Like a privilege pass that can cut the queue from the commoner directly to the noble. The card to collect offspring!

"My lord, we'll be collecting them because you have plenty of offspring."

Congratulations if you get this joke, you're definitely an old man! And apologies if my delivery was off.

In other words,

It's the privilege of individuals to receive the gift as a wedding celebration, to receive a little of potential offspring that might possess magical abilities from a noble. Most nobles would decline this offer, and even commoners wouldn't entertain such a thought. However, somewhere along the line, Sophie ―cough― a certain young lady, a frail and deeply infatuated girl who loves me so much managed to discover and invoked it (with a nice added touch). and once I accepted it, others followed suit.

And believing that it's just a little isn't right. In fact, not just a little, but you need to pour everything in until they get pregnant.

――Anyway, for the first time in a long time, I accept the first-night right.

In a certain room within the mansion where I brought her, it was a space prepared for the young ladies exercising their first-night rights to receive the noble seed.

Yep, it's basically like a room in a love hotel.

This is supposed to be a world without eros, something strange is happening here. The clean interior with pink bedsheets manages to blend luxury and indecency. It's impossible not to arouse your dirty thought when bringing a girl here. Moreover, the fact that I, as the Lord, am bringing in a commoner girl, especially one who just got married today, is beyond redemption.

Personally, I would like to shake the hand of the person who make this, there is no way he is sane. I can feel the madness of the artisan who managed to pour this amount of eroticism that should not exist.

...Yep, it's me. The one responsible for creating this room is me, the perverted guy who did things here even before recovering all of his memories, is me.

Good job, my past self.

However, if I were to make an excuse, my past self didn't aware of any eroticism either.

I mean, it would have been perfect if I had set up a shelf and had all kinds of kinky goods on it, but I didn't have any of those things. There's only a large bed.

Still, in its own way, this exudes a sense of a shady love hotel, which is good in my book, but...

――if I had invited an innocent girl who doesn't know anything about eroticism into a room filled with incomprehensible erotic objects, she would have only seen it as strange torture devices, so I can't put anything more here in the future.

Incidentally, I have recently begun to enjoy bringing my beloved wife into this room. In the room where countless hymens have been broken, I embrace my lawful wife.

Could this be some kind of cult?

"Des Cult..."

"No more about that."

And so, today too, new believers arrive and offer their offerings to the forbidden ritual.

...

――If someone wants to leave, it wouldn't be a matter of just silencing them, right?

Anyway, putting that aside.

Before me was the bride who will be embraced by me before her groom, eagerly awaits the bestowal of my seed.

――Gufufu.

...

――Unn, I was getting excited. To the point that I could do her right now. I've come a long way, haven't I?

It's all my wife fault, the bride's fault, and also the fault of a certain farmer couple!

――Let's just put it like this. As long as everyone is happy and consent, then what's the problem? the sense of guilt is being drowned out by the voice in my head...

I look at Jenna-chan, the bride who's been brought to this love hotel and is about to spend her first night as the Lord's wife.

Women's average appearance in this world is so high level. While Charlotte-chan stands out, Jenna-chan is a commoner girl who exudes a cute yet dignified aura. Flaxen hair and auburn eyes. Her hair is tied around the nape of her neck. She's dressed in... a white negligee similar to today's bridal outfit. Yes, It's like a white Japanese kimono of my previous life.

――There is no way this is normal! It must be Charlotte who prepared this!

...Ahem.

She was in front of me, her cheeks flushed and her eyes shining. It's as if I can almost hear her thoughts "To be this close to the Lord..." Jenna-chan's expectations of receiving my seed were evidently strong, as she had been giving me intense gazes throughout the wedding.

Even though the groom is right next to her.

And the parents of the newlywed couple as well.

They unequivocally approved of her exercising her first-night rights...

Though she retains an air of a commoner girl, her womanly curves are taking shape, maturing in a way that's ripe for the taking, in a sense, ready to be eaten. Clad in her bridal attire, she seeks not her husband, but my seed and offspring.

――I mean, I was sporting an erection throughout the wedding... No, that's to be expected, right?

And so, embracing this newfound attitude, I, the unlikable handsome sweet noble, spoke

"I shall sow my seed in Jenna's womb. Do your best to get conceived."

"Yes."

――Um, that's a good response...

／

*Chup*, *sip*, *chup*...

"...Nn, fu... Ahh..."

I leaned in towards the bride in a negligee and used [Chin Hold]. With little pecks and gentle nips, I savored her lips, moist and tenderly licking them as if I were sipping from a cup.

She showed no resistance, and although her shoulders trembled cutely in response to this strange act happening to her for the first time, she accepted my lips without refusal. Our tongues intertwined.

――Mmm, delicious, delicious.

I savored her sweet lips, and I entered her mouth. She trembled with surprise, her body responding adorably. Even so, she didn't show resistance or disgust, rather, she earnestly accepted me, despite being a resident of a world ignorant of sexual desire.

――Why you may ask?

It was because my beloved wife had barged into the bathroom when she was cleansing herself to be embraced by me. And there, Charlotte personally washed her body thoroughly and instructed her about lovemaking and what Jenna-chan would experience from me.

Doesn't that sound like brainwashing or baptism?

"It's not anything like that. Desmond-sama is the one that does all the insertion after all. It's Desmond-sama who will convert her into our faith."

Insertion and conversion, huh... Haha, I wonder if a meteorite will come crashing down here one day... Oh, wait,

Onee-sama, grandpa, and the dragon. All I can see is the scene of everyone repelling it back.

An audacious act, not even fearing the gods.

The Lord, who is now completely unrestrained, slips his tongue into the mouth of the bride he welcomed today for the wedding, out tongue entangles, rubbing them together slimily.

"Mmm, mmm..."

I feel like Jenna-chan's moans are growing more labored.

*Squelch, squelch...*

We rubbed our tongues together deliberately, making lewd noises. I sucked on her saliva. I repeated the motion, relishing it with each swallow. I licked around inside her mouth——Oh, I see, I see. So this is your weakness. Let's see...., *squelch, squelch, squelch*...

"Nfuu! Fuuu, nnuuu ❤!!"

I love how she trembled and shook. After thoroughly tasting the bride's mouth, I captured her tongue in my mouth, sucking on it gently, then made her drink my saliva.

"Nnnu, nkk..."

Gufufu, you're obediently drinking it, huh? Is your lord's saliva really that delicious? Oh, Jenna-chan, you're sucking on it so eagerly... Here, take a good sip. I won't go anywhere.

"Mmm, ngh....nnu. *slurp*..."

When I separated my lips from hers, a silver sinful bridge stretched and broke between our tongues, but she still stuck her tongue out with reluctance.

Jenna-chan's flaxen eyes were now drowsy. Her cheeks were flushed, and despite still being a virgin, she already exuded a married woman's allure. The sweet scent of her delicate femininity seemed to shimmer like a blossoming flower.

"Jenna, did my saliva taste good?"

I found myself asking such a ridiculous question.

"Yes, very much..."

She puckered her lips, and gulp, Her youthful lips glistened with our shared sins.

"Jenna."

"A... Ah..."

I embraced her, our lips met gently, and I gently pressed her down onto the bed.

◇

Pressed down by a man who was not her husband on the bed, the newlywed wife found herself writhing in the flames of passion and desire for the first time. Lips sucked, tongues entwined, saliva exchanged, swallowed —— her hips moved sensually.

――Th-th-this, what is... This is what Charlotte-sama spoke of, eros, the sexual art... Haah, it feels so good, my lord... ❤

"Jenna, stick out your tongue." "Like this...?" "Chu, chu, *lick*..."

As her tongue was sucked, Desmond's lust surged, his fingers stealthily making their way to her chest. Jenna shivered as his fingers traced her virgin skin. Yet, there was no disgust shown on her face.

When his fingers sank into her fruit

"Nngh..." My lord really does love breasts. It seems drinking milk was worth it. And surely, this is... "Nn..."

His touch had already spread thoroughly.

"*Squish, Squish.....*" He sucked her tongue and fondled her negligee-covered breasts. Desmond couldn't help but be captivated.

—— Fufu, my Lord, how adorable. Seeking my breasts so eagerly... "Mmm..."

As he fervently kneaded her slender breasts, saliva trickling down, he awakened her maternal instincts.

But this was only for the moment.

"Ngh... Fu..."

Her hips wriggled.

Her new sensation in a world without eros was about to awaken in earnest.

——...Fu, what's this, my nipples... Also, my thighs... "Nn..."

When the cry of eros rose, Jenna noticed that her lord's lips had relaxed, his gaze now fixed on her mounds. Under that gaze, her nipples throbbed more intensely against the negligee.

It brushed against the negligee, and her spine tingled.

Different from the dreamy kisses earlier. Not the cute and playful fondling. This is...

"Ah..."

Then, she saw it. Her lord's finger moved teasingly around her breast. It was undoubtedly aimed at her nipple. Moreover, she realized her own nipple was hardening, pushing against the negligee.

Wha... What's this...

Before she could even think...

"...No, please..." Her lips moved before she could think.

To halt the actions of her Lord and guardian, Desmond-sama, was beyond disrespectful. This was deeply ingrained in Jenna, a citizen of Aldora. However, her feminine instincts, still dormant, moved her lips of their own accord.

Even in the face of this rebellious subject's rejection, Desmond's lips remained relaxed.

"Please wait, my Lord..."

No, stop, wait.

If that's done...

If he pushes that button...

There will be no going back.

She would come to know the meaning of pleasure as told by Charlotte-sama, experiencing it with her flesh, becoming aware, being taught, and engraved.

A shiver coursed through her spine.

And her Lord couldn't possibly have missed the plea of her true desire.

And then...—flick♪

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fuuaaaaah!"

Arching her back, she let out a cry.

Ogyaaa, ogyaaa.

――The birthing cry of eros.

―Umu, that's good.

"Fuaa, nnn, nuu... Wh-what's this, eeea... aaaah..."

Surprise, embarrassment, and pleasure intertwined, painting her face red.

During this time, I keep pushing her sensuous button. I pushed it gently into the soft flesh, making it sink a bit. Then I gave it a little bump. "My lord..... ahhh."

*scrach* *scrach*

"Aah, aahh..."

It's like Jenna-chan is being electrified by sweet currents, causing her young body to tremble ——The sensation of her bouncing breasts is splendid. I play with her plump, budding nipple,

Right-click,

Left-click,

Swipe-swipe,

3D stick action!

"Ah, yaa, my lord... Nnaah, fuuaaahh! Wh-what is th-this!?"

"See, this is what I was talking about – teaching you about eroticism," I said with a sly grin.

With a smile on my lips, I play with her nipple.

――Yes, I should be under arrest.

"Aaahhh!"

With an erotic expression, Jenna-chan writhed.

Umu, umu, no problem. This old man will make you feel even better... ――Gufufu.

Jenna-chan seemed to be enjoying the kiss earlier as well. However, the pleasant feeling and the delightful sensation she's currently experiencing are different. I can make my girls climax with a kiss, but with Charlotte, it's sometimes the other way around——yes, being pushed down with my knee up was a splendid experience. ——*shrudder*

Current Jenna-chan seems to have awakened her sexuality as it should be.

...However,

The real performance is yet to come! (Read as "Real battle begins now!")

"Ah, my lord, please stop, I... nnnuu! This is strange, strange... ah! What... are you doing to my nipples, no, stop!..."

*pinch*

"――~!!"

I captured the alluring protrusion beneath her negligee through the fabric. Sucking up her sweat-soaked cloth, I sucked up her breasts and her lewd bud, licking against the fabric, rolling it. Sucking...

"Nnuu! Nnhaa... aaahhhh~!"

――Gufufu, she's responding interestingly. Gufufu, Gufufufufufu.

Who's this guy, he is getting cocky. While fondling and kneading another breast, he tenderly caresses the bride's belly with his other hand. Continuing to caress, he moves down towards her lower abdomen.

No, I won't invade the innermost place just yet.

First, I'll enjoy the sensation through the fabric, stroking her thighs. Then, slowly, lift the hem of her negligee, and venture beneath.

"Nn, ah, my lord... Ah..."

Mmm, her voice is so sweet. Her wriggling causes the negligee to rustle enticingly. It's as if she's enticing me with her direct touch on my hand that's caressing her bare thigh. With her posture of complete acceptance, I'll tenderly stroke and caress her.

"Haah, ah, ah... Ha..."

Her breath is becoming rough. She willingly draws me in as I lean in to catch her fragrance. "Chu, chu, *peck*... Chu kuh... ah... n..."

Oh my, young girl, that's a look you shouldn't show to anyone other than your husband.

Though, in this world, it's a look even a husband normally can't see.

And so, as I feel my cheeks loosen, I head toward her inner sanctum...

"Nngh!"

Her panties were dampening slightly. But...

——Not enough.

Internally, I keep my composure and proceed.

Stroking gently, to make it easier for me to enter, I stimulate her entrance.

"Ah, aaahh... My lord..."

Jenna-chan seems more confused than anything from her reaction. She's enjoying herself, but I'm the one gently touching her sensitive spots, and she's responding. Different feelings are all swirling together, and it's up to me to figure them out for her.

"Are you scared?"

"... J-just a little..."

"It's okay. I'll be gentle for now."

"F-for now, are you going to do it even more...? Ah!"

When I hear that, I can't help but want to get rough.

Stay cool, I need to stay cool. Hehehe, hehehe.

".....sorry. It's just that the things you say are so alluring."

"A-alluring..... mmm..."

Blushing cutely, the newlywed fidgets in embarrassment.

"You're such a naughty girl. Tempting me so brazenly..."

"Hearing stuff like that... Mm, ah..."

I rub the slit through her panties.

"If-If you said such things... Mm, ah..."

Bloom, the flower bloom...

And so, I continue to rub against it.

"Ah, uh, uuuh..."

"You're getting wetter."

"Mm... getting wet... Yes, Charlotte-sama said... Hah, that my lord can seeding us without lube..."

"Yes, that's right. Through this method, I can make a woman's private parts wet and insert myself without lube."

"Amazing, Truly amazing. Haaah... Aah..."

"Right."

Nodding with an approving look, I slip my fingers into her panties. From above. Hm, hm, her pubic hair is so soft, all ruffled up. Feels good. Her slit is still tightly closed. An untouched, unstimulated entrance. I tease and play with it, poking and prodding.

"Nuuh, nuuh, nngh... My lord... Aah..."

"Does it feel good?"

"I.....don't know... Mmm..."

"Were the kisses earlier and your breasts feel good?"

"...Yes."

Oh, interesting. For a first-timer, she hesitates when she answers... This girl might have some real potential. Rubbing and gently stimulating the slit, my fingers hook the rim of her panties.

The Lord, who isn't her husband, carefully lowers the recently married bride's underwear beneath her wedding negligee. With her assistance, he guides them off one of her legs, but intentionally leaves the other leg still covered, pulls it back up, and leaves it around one thigh.

"My lord, this is....."

"It's better that way."

I won't say why. I mean, I can't. That's because it's passion!

Ignoring the curioused newlywed bride, I lifted the negligee, spreading her legs. Mmm, honey was slowly seeping from the tight crevice between her closed labia. The flaxen pubic hair was inviting, making me want to bury my nose and nuzzle it.

——Wait, am I being a little too into this?

Casually, I brought my face closer.

"My lord, what are you—"

"I am tasting it, of course." —Mmm, tasting the virgin sacred place is natural. "Charlotte didn't tell you?"

"Y-Yes, she did... but..."

"It's settled then....*lick*"

"Ah... my lord, my lord, a nobleman like you, on a commoner like me... in a place like that... ohhh..."

I don't think it's my imagination that I feel joy was undoubtedly filling her.

"Ah, haah..."

"*Slurp*, *Slurp*..."

As I lick her virgin area, she shudders with pleasure. I expertly lick her tightly closed petals, bury my nose in the bush, and give her a teasing nibble. Am I the only one who feels that the soapy smell is such a waste of time?

Still, I enjoy the scent of sweat that I have explored, and I lick and lick her so that her feminine scent will blossom even more.

――Gufufu, the erotic scent is growing stronger. ―—Gufufufufu.

Moving my tongue gently, I reveled in her moans, using my tongue to spread open her womanhood. As I licked up her petals, lewd juices trickled and dripped. I sucked on them, making lewd slurping sounds as I drank up Jenna-chan's first nectar, soothing my throat.

"Ah, ah, aah... what's, what's this... my lord sucking my vagina? Ah, ahh, my lord's tongue is inside me... licking... mmm, nuuuhhh..."

Her waist wriggled, and I kept my face buried between the commoner girl's legs, gripping her thighs. Though she wriggled during our kiss, it was more like a simmering fire back then. Now, the flames ignited in her core were burning inside her body.

The scent of her womanhood was now even more potent. The fragrance of sweat, the sweet scent of her body, and the blooming aroma of her womanhood layered upon one another... Yes, this is definitely how it should be.

"*sniff*"

"Ennh, my Lord, you can't, sniff... Ah, ah, licking... No, ngh, haaah...❤❤"

Here it is, a heart.

Single-mindedly indulging in cunnilingus, I made her scent grow richer, enjoying the increasingly intense sweet, and sticky nectar. I slid my tongue, penetrating, and withdrawing, giving her a warm-up to accepting my own manhood. With a soft squelch, ้ำพ nectar sprayed.

*Chu.*

Kissing her plump clit, she arches her back, her spine twitching. ——Is it time?

No, not yet.

I wanted her to experience the pleasure of losing her virginity, not the pain of breaking it.

I slid a finger in.

"Nnnngh, nnn, my lord ❤... Nnn, fuuah... ❤❤"

As our lips meet, she eagerly inserts her tongue into my mouth. While rubbing her vaginal walls with my fingers, I fondle her breasts and savor her newlywed's saliva. Her hips sway, and gradually her vaginal folds soften. She even starts rhythmically squeezing my finger.

——Mmm, that's good.

I lovingly caress her, slowly working my way up to two fingers...

With her expression completely melted and exposed, I also strip myself.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Haah, haah, haaah... My lord, is really, inside me, without any lube... Fuuuu... and won't ejaculate right away..."

"That's right."

I, Desmond, spoke with a certain satisfaction. Having gently taken the new bride's virginity and fully inserted myself until our pelvises met

"With my sexual techniques, it will make it much easier for Jenna to conceive. From now on, by rubbing our genitals together, I will be able to ejaculate inside your vagina to impregnate you. You don't have to force yourself if it hurts or you're not comfortable, but if you move your hips also, I can also enjoy an even more pleasurable climax."

"I can serve my lord. I can make him feel good..."

While entwined and inserted, her face flushed red, her eyes shone, and she spoke with a debauched look.

――Uh-huh, that's a good sign, but... I never expected my people to be willing to go to such lengths for me... Could it be that they are a group of fanatics?

"I-I'll do my best... Hah, ngh..."

In truth, I was slightly discouraged, but the awkward movement of the newlywed wife's hips kept my arousal high. Despite being her first time, the pain of her virginity breaking was only a minor issue, and it seemed to be an exciting experience for her. Whether it was due to my skill or the blessing of Ero elf....well, let's put that thought aside for now. Despite it being her first time trying to please others, her unpracticed hip movements and the unfamiliar tightness of her vagina are lovely as she tried to please me. Well then...

"You're doing it wrong, Here, let me show you. But Jenna will probably climax first, alright?"

"Eh? Oh... Mmm, my lord... ❤"

I rubbed Jenna's vaginal opening insistently with the upper side of my erect glans, rigid and veiny. Her freshly deflowered passage was tight. It squirmed and responded, still inexperienced. However...

"That's what gets me all fired up."

"Ahh, ah, yeah... My lord... you're so big... so, hot, so strong ❤❤"

Her potential was indeed impressive. As I slid and rubbed within her, our fluids mixed, forming a frothy on our pubic hair. She gradually tightened around me, her walls gripped and squeezed as I reached deeper inside.

"Jenna, you're doing well. Your vagina feels just right."

"Haah, ah, ahh... I'm honored, my lord... Nngh, uuhh..."

I start fucking her, moving my hips. She gasps and writhes as she accepts me.

"Ngh, nngh... Ahhhhh!"

I thrust my hips forcefully. Jenna was entranced by the pleasure of her first time and clung to me, keeping herself from being overwhelmed. She held onto me tightly, her arms wrapped around my back, seeking my lips.

"Nnghhhh, nngh, *lick*, *chu*.....nghhhh!"

Her petite breasts flattened against my chest, their tips hardening. They bounced and jiggled with every creak of the bed.

"Ah, ahh, ohh... My lord...~"

Arching her back and gasping, she braced herself while I unrelentingly ravaged her tender flesh.

"Ah, ah, nnnn, haahhhh! I, I'm being made to remember the shape of my Lord! My vagina, being stretched, ground, and... nnn, aaahhh! So that I am able to conceive my Lord's child in my womb... Ah, it swelled up ❤"

With a strong, erect rod, I thrust into the first-night bride over and over again.

*Plap, Plap, Plap, Plap*

Flesh smacking, and wet sounds.

A man's moans entwined with a woman's gasps.

"Haahhhh... impregnate me, please impregnate me, my Lord ❤❤❤"

This girl is too adaptable and talented, doesn't she? Or perhaps it's all because of some lady of the house? But that doesn't matter.

If one doesn't respond to such demands, they would be unworthy of being called a Lord.

"Aahh, ah, aaahhhhhh~~~❤❤"

I already discovered Jenna-chan's weak points. Now all that remained was to focus on those spots, gently and firmly guiding her to greater heights.

"Hiiiiii, ah, haahhh... ❤"

Though cute at first, Jenna now had transformed into a debauched creature, her sweaty skin rubbing against mine, making love. Mixing and churning within her, I stirred her vagina and fucked her, imprinting the shape of my cock in her body.

I rub her weak spot, "Hihhhhhhh❤".

Probing and stimulating the spot on her front, "Haauuun ❤"

Deeper."

Ah, It's coming, something is coming... What's this... aah, aauu!"

"That means you're about to cum." I whispered in her ear.

"...C-cum... yes, that's right, I'm... I'm going to... I'm... ah!"

"Yes, that's it, you're going to cum. When you're about to pass that point, make sure to say that you're cumming. You're a smart girl, so you understand, right?"

"Yes, yes, my lord... ❤ I'm going to cum... I'm... ah, I'm cumming! ❤❤"

Just as she declared, her virgin walls tightened, squeezing the male seed, positioning herself to receive it deep inside to conceive.

"Jenna, I'll cum inside your vagina. Get pregnant and bear a cute child for me."

"Yes, my lord... ❤ I'm honored... I'll become pregnant with your seed... I'll get pregnant. I'm cumming, ahhhh~! cumming~❤❤❤"

Her toes curled, her arms tightened around me, and her folds clamped down on me aggressively.

Very well, then I'll fulfill your wish.

*splurt* *splurt* *splurt*♪

"Ah, aaaaan~ ❤❤ It's in, It's in... It's entering inside me~ ❤❤ I'm getting impregnated by my lord's seed... Ah, it's so hot, so much... the penis is throbbing, inside me... Aah, it's so sticky... I'm so happy, my lord is truly trying to impregnate me... How many times have I cum... Ah, nnn, my belly is swelling, I'm getting pregnant~❤❤❤"

――Kuuuuh. So good... it feels like I'm really breeding her... Truly acting as a lord, engaging in a hobby and practicality(?)...

"This is a crime."

"Shut up."

"Ohh..." Tonight, I am going thoroughly breed her, pouring plenty of my noble seed into her on her wedding night.

――ummmm, oh, here it comes.

"Aah ❤" Jenna-chan let out a blissful, dreamy cry...

"My lord, Did I just....."

"Yes, you're pregnant. Well done, Jenna. Please take care of our child."

"Yes ❤"

——A good response.

With this, tonight's matter is settled~

But the partner was reluctant to give it up.

*Squish*

"...Huh?"

What? She's wrapping her legs around my waist? Moreover, after her first creampie, after her first orgasm, and in such a state after successful fertilization?

Then she says...

"My lord."

"Yes?"

"Charlotte-sama told me. That my lord's penis never goes flaccid, and he can make women moan and release his seed multiple times."

"O-oh." the lord responds, somewhat uneasily.

"Ahh... That's wonderful then." she said, swaying her hips gently, and in a rhythm like a predator, she began to hump me.

*Shiver*...

"Charlotte-sama also said this. The more you make women moan, the more you release your seed, the healthier the offspring will be."

――What is that Ero elf teaching you?

"Many things."

"Give a proper answer! Not in just two words!"

"So..."

And, I was brought back to reality by Jenna-chan's piercing stare. Though the corner of her eyes was relaxed in pleasure, there was a mysterious glint that couldn't be ignored...

"My lord."

"Yes?"

"I am but a humble commoner, and yet... Could I have the honor of receiving your essence inside me once again? Charlotte-sama mentioned that my lord would be pleased to oblige. I hope that this child, your precious offspring, conceived from the seed you gave me...... will grow up healthy and happy with new life. I believe my husband will also be very pleased too."

Uhm, I see... So while I'm the one who actually impregnated her through sexual activity, this girl still sees me as an actual symbolic ruler.

And...

"...But, my body's... my waist is a bit... numb."

With an embarrassed expression, the symbolic rod still nestled within Jenna-chan's virgin hole responded with a twitch. "Ah..." she exclaimed with a delighted expression.

Hey, isn't this kind of manipulation? Charlotte-chan, dhow much did you teach her?

"..."

"Answer, my beloved wife!"

It seems that Jenna-chan's strength has left her waist—yet her legs are still tightly wrapped around my hips. Her will power is incomprehensible and quite frightening.

Certainly, a true lord wouldn't ignore this plea.

"Aahhh ❤❤"

With a thrust, she let out a sweet moan. As I slid my hips forward, the excess ejaculate acted as a slippery lubricant, intensifying the sensations of her tightness.

"My lord... ❤"

"Jenna, you must be responsible for what you said. I'm not done with you yet. I'm going to fuck the daylights out of you."

"Yes, please, my lord. I request you to let me fully exercise my first bridal night tonight ❤."

Seriously, it's like using an enforced Impregnation Card.

――Seriously.

"Kyaa!"

I lifted Jenna-chan and switched to the face-to-face position.

"Ah... deep, my lord, it's so deep... ❤"

"See here, there are many positions for you to learn. Are you prepared?"

Even though I'm the one that does all the thrusting...

When I asked her, Jenna-chan responded."

Yes."

That's a good answer.

Then, I thoroughly and deliberately defiled her, hard and fast.

I pounded her from behind with her hands on the wall, let her take control of the rhythm, taught her cowgirl style, fuck her while standing, have her lick me and drink... and more...

It seems like this husband awakened a girl who shouldn't have been awakened again. Or maybe, is it still the wife's fault? If it's the former, there might still be a way out, but if it's the latter, it means girls like her will be mass-produced in no time.

"..."

Answer me, Charlotte!

"I apologize, I was sleeping..."

... What? It's true that it's already the child's bedtime, but aren't you usually bustling around at this time?

Somehow, am I being treated unfairly? It seems like you're becoming more comfortable with me, which is a bit of a relief.

So, Jenna-chan's husband, I think that he is skilled enough to maintain an erection without lubrication. But now..... can he endure this as a resident of this world?

...

Please forgive me! As an apology, I'll take full responsibility for the night!

"Ah, aaaaaahhh~ ❤❤ My lord, my lord~ ❤❤"

...But...seriously.

... How many rounds is it now?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Summer is full of lush greenery, and the hot sun shines down with unstoppable heat, not showing any mercy.

Hmm hmm hmm ♪

With a cheerful hum, my beloved wife, Charlotte, linked her arm with mine as we took a leisurely stroll through our territory.

She has a wavy platinum blonde hair and large emeralds eye. Despite the age of twenty-nine, she appears no older than twenty and possesses a girlish beauty. Her attire, a neat and adorable summer dress, added to her charm. Wearing a straw hat, she resembled a young lady in summer. Her firm grasps make her tantalizing and fully ripe fruit pressed against my arm. Even though it's in broad daylight and in public, the Lord's Lord is about to act all tyranny again.

"Shall we take a little break over there?"

She glanced briefly toward the shade of the trees. Her ample chest squeezed even more as she pressed against me.

——Honestly, this is not bad at all.

"Kya❤"

As I wrapped my arms around her waist, she was far from reluctant. Alright then, let's settle in, intimately――

She chimed in.

Katherine, dressed in a maid uniform, an​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondriaа​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhouse​​​of the celll-loving, c​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondriao​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhousec​​​of the cellk​​​​​​​​​​​?????-sucking, s​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondrial​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhouseut​​​of the cellty masochist maid, and Charlotte's half-sister, raised her voice. She was a beautiful maid with cold qualities. Despite the fact that she was dressed in a maid outfit on such a hot day, she shows no slightest hint of discomfort. With brown eyes and red hair, she had a proud white brim that reflected the sunlight with elegance.

——Oh, that's right, she is Charlotte's half-sister now. Upon closer examination, there were many similarities between her and Charlotte. And considering the fact that their father was that dashing gentleman, Daddy Dandy, I wondered why I hadn't noticed sooner. She's got more attributes now. No way she can possibly gain any more attributes right? Setting that aside, it feels like it's been quite a while since I've received a serious and reasonable reprimand.

She coolly fixed her gaze on my crotch,

"That's a maid's duty after all."

"No, it's not!" Well, as our maid, she wasn't entirely wrong...

——Hmm, maybe it was just my imagination.

Huh? I thought she was a more capable maid... She used to handle everything smoothly, a competent and sensible person in her work. There was a time when I thought that way too. Whose fault is it?

"Husband drives women crazy."

——I see, so it's my fault, huh? If that's the case, I'll have to take responsibility. Gufufu.

Perhaps noticing the heat in my eyes, Katherine's cheeks tinged with red, and the corners of her usually expressionless mouth curled slightly.

Mmm, I really want to lick those lips.

"Desmond-sama." my beloved wife leaned closer to me.

"Then how about, two of us...together...."

Mmm, that's just plain indecent! My mouth corner was about to lose control.

"It's not that I wouldn't want that, and Katherine's suggestion does have a good point."

The idea of having half-sisters in the shade of a tree in broad daylight is not all that tempting, but if it's possible, I'd be happy to try it.....

If someone finds out, it's going to be bad.

Among the people here, it would be ridiculously easy and say, " "Because he's the lord" " and have them accept it with no problem. But I really don't want to actively start adding episodes or new doctrines. And, Charlotte's naked body and Katherine's naked body only belong to me. It's one thing if it's a girl or woman, but I absolutely don't want another man to see it.

"Aah...how possessive... ❤" Charlotte clung to me more tightly.

——Ah, I'm getting impatient.

However, it's regrettable, truly regrettable, but giving in to such desires is unbecoming of a sensible lord like me (I will not accept anyone's criticism!).

"It's alright. With my "Ero Space" even in the outdoors, I can create a private space, using 【Soundproof】 【Odor Removal】 and 【Concealment】 to make an erotic space that's visible from here but not from the other side."

——Wait, is this some kind of Magic Mirror situation...?

"What do you think, Desmond-sama?"

She leaned in even closer, lightly entwining her legs, provocatively pressing against me.

Her pink tongue moistened her lips with a seductive gesture.

Katherine seemed to be doing the same. With a similar mysterious glint in her eyes, she entwined herself around me from the opposite side of my wife.

——How can I resist something like this?

Sometimes it's important for people to be honest about their desires, I believe.

◇

"Skill, "Ero Space"~"

She said with a tone as if revealing a secret gadget, but what a name. It's true that I gave it a silly name, but the (temporary) part got dropped along the way somehow.

As we stepped into a small grove surrounded by trees, Charlotte activated her skill to create the Magic Mirror space. It seems there's a secret magic passed down in her line called 【Barrier】 that conceptually "divides" things rather than physically creating a wall.

The skill "Ero Space" conceptually "divides" the space we're in into interior and exterior using the magic 【Barrier】. Then, she applies 【Soundproof】and 【Odor Removal】 to the interior to prevent sound and odor leakage, then lastly uses 【Concealment】 to hide us from external observers and erase our presence. Additionally, she uses something like 【Illusion】 to show fake images to the outside. She's done some fine-tuning as well, but this has all been sublimated into the skill 'Ero Space.'

——What a waste of magic and talent! Putting all your effort into turning something erotic. But if it can be properly used in the right circumstance, it is quite amazing. For instance, it could be used as a safety zone you can create at will in enemy territory... Most likely, if not definitely, Charlott●mon's Four-Dimensional Bre●sts pocket probably uses the same principles. By manipulating different magic with this "divided" space, it could be achieved that effect. Could it be that she combined advanced magic with what seemed like a mere gag to create this ero... cough, cheat skill? It's definitely a cheat, right? I mean, it's literally the legendary Magic Box from generic Isekai stories. Boob Magic Box. The storage capacity that's proportional to the size... I wonder just how much fantasy can Charlotte-chan's breasts hold?

And so far, all the stuff she packed in there are erotic goods!

Now I see why Ero Elf is called Ero Elf!

"Fufufu, how about it, Desmond-sama? With this, you can have us......all the way you want!"

With eyes like glimmering emeralds, it twisted into crescents and she smiled at me. She moistened her lips with her pink tongue. Even in the summer, the shade of the trees was cool, the sunlight filtering through the leaves made her even more enchanting, like a bewitching fairy.

Ah, not good. The tent in my pants is becoming painful.

"Mmm... ❤"

Holding the sinful fairy Charlotte's shoulder, our lips met and a sultry voice escaped her. Embracing her body, I could feel a slight bump in her lower abdomen.

——Yes, my child with her is growing well. Yet, she's acting so perverted...

"...Ah, Desmond-sama, you're getting hard."

She pressed her groin against mine and moved her hips, grinding.

――Exactly, and utterly! (joy)

"Master..."

Katherine, feeling left out, looked somewhat sad.

"Katherine."

"Yes... Mmm... ❤"

Embracing her step-sister, we exchanged kisses. Or rather, she slipped her tongue in, rubbing it against mine, making me swallow her saliva.

——Wait? She doesn't have any of the Ero elf blood in her, does she?

I should stop digging deeper, this is terrifying.

By the way, Katherine's belly is also as swollen as Charlotte's. Truly, am I such a sinful man.

And then, my wife slipped away from my arm, fiddled with my belt, and in a very natural manner——almost like breathing——pulled down my pants.

"Sniff... Fwaa... It smells so good... ❤" The noble's wife pressed her nose against her husband's pants in public, becoming aroused. Rubbing her nose against it, she said, "Ah, it twitched... Fufu, there's an embarrassing stain here...*chu* ❤"

"Ohh..."

Wet kisses rain onto the stain, and the shameful leakage intensified.

"Nh... *licks*..."

As Katherine licked all over my mouth, my wife pulled down my underwear. My throbbing manhood sprung out, curving upward.

"Ha... It's wonderful. *Smooch, smooch*..."

Ugh, to think I'd be kissed and sucked by Charlotte-chan outdoors, getting sucked from beneath, have my balls licked, all while in the middle of the forest. "Kuh", throbbing with excitement, my flesh tower becomes aware of the shameful fluids overflowing from the tip.

At that moment.

"Master, I also want to..."

Hmm, of course, I have no objections. I nodded firmly and started massaging Katherine's cute breasts in response.

"Ah..." Katherine eagerly squatted down just like my wife and began to serve me.

"*Smooch, smooch*" "*lick, lick*"

"Kuaa..." So heaven is right here, under the dappled sunlight in the serene woods.

With my erect, towering flesh, the beauties, both step-sisters, offered me divine service from both sides. They kissed just below the glans symmetrically and gazed at me with upturned eyes. The sensation of their puffy lips is irresistible. Wet and lascivious, their pink tongues started to intertwine.

They didn't stop when their tongues touched, they nimbly twined their tongues together, licking and swirling around my glans, moistening my flesh, and each of them sucking one of my testicles.

"Ku, kuuuh!"—No, this is bad, my seed is about to boil over in this erotic sister's twin attack.

Their eyes glimmered with a bewitching light as they intertwined their tongues, wetly and sensually, around my shaft.

And then,

Charlotte sucks me into her mouth.

"Kuh, ku, ooohh..."

Her tongue licks and teases and sucking gently at the tip as her half-sister's tongue swirls around the rod. The swollen, reddish head twitches inside Charlotte-chan's mouth.

The filthy fluid, getting sucked out.

"Pu~ha...... ――fufu, delicious"

A bewitching smile can melt one's spine away. Thrilled by sweet ecstasy, shivers of pleasure run through me, Katherine sucks me off as I am aroused by the sweet pleasure.

She's a master of deep-throating.

Katherine-san truly loves giving bl​​​​​​​​​​​You're aow​​​​​​​​​​​wizardj​​​, Harryobs.

"Mmmph, ngghh, nguhguhguu..."

There is no way she is not in pain.

Yet, she takes everything of mine down her throat, narrowing out her cheeks, use her mouth to suck me dry.

"Ahh... ohhh..."

"Hey Katherine, I can't lick if you keep him like this."

The twenty-nine-year-old sulks after having her toy taken away.

――Well, well, isn't she cute?

...But I said it too soon.

"Fine. I'll lick this side."

Sulking, the older sister turns her attention to Katherine-san's other favorite part...

"Kuh... guh..."

"*Slurp, slurp, squish...*"

Oh my, even though she's a noble lady, to think she's licking a man's anus in public... Hah, she's coming closer, she's coming closer...

"Pu~ha, That's cheating, Onee-sama."

"Because Katherine doing it first. *Smack*, ah... Desmond-sama's anus has quite exquisite taste, and delicious... haaah ❤"

From behind me, I heard an obscene squelching sound.

Oh, Charlotte, I see you've started to soothe your own pussy.

Excellent!

I mean, Katherine-san, weren't you admonishing The lord's wife just now? If anything, you're making it worse.

"*lick lick lick*" " *slurp* *slurp* *slurp* *gakh*..."

A deep-throat maid, and a​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondrianа​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhousel​​​of the cell wife.

This, this I can't.....

"Kuu, I'm cumming, Katherine!"

"Mmmnguuuuu! Nngu, nnguuuuu ❤"

I ejaculated into Katherine's throat without mercy. Drool dripping from her lips, tears welling up at the corners of her eyes, she buried her nose in my pubic hair and accepted it, heart symbols visible in her eyes.

Can you believe it? This one doesn't have a single drop of Ero elf blood in her veins you know?

"Haaaa..."

I let out a satisfied sigh, much like when urinating.

"*sluuurp*..."

"Kuk"

Katherine properly sucks out the remaining fluid before letting go. With a dreamy expression, she moves her lips, not caring that a bit of drool is escaping from her lips.

Hmm, truly the epitome of a maid.

"Katherine, I would like my share too."

Charlotte Madam attached her lips to the maid's.

"Fuu..."

Both of them move their tongue back and forth. They are mixing my semen with their saliva, stirring it together.

"*gulp*"

The throats of both half-sisters made a sound.

With lascivious eyes, they smile slightly. My unyielding flesh spear grows even harder.

◇

"Ahhhh! Ah, ahhhh ❤! So good, Dejumon Shamaaaaaa... Ahhh! it reaching so deep inside ❤"

Then I had them both kneel next to a tree, hands on the trunk, presenting their behinds. Clothes? No way I'm taking those off! I lift up the Madam's dress and the maid's skirt, letting the panties down to her thighs and penetrating her. The maid?... She wears so little already that there's no need to remove anything. Rather than the barely concealed slit, it's the intense twitches under the mere strings that attract my interest the most.

"Hiii ❤❤" The Lord's wife shivered violently. Splashes of lewd nectar dampened my lower body and the grass.

I pull out and...

"Ahhh ❤❤ Master's penis that just use Onee-sama's hole is entering me... ❤"

Our current interest is the proper hole. Not the anus.

I knead Katherine's excessively plump ass, making her flesh jiggle as I thrust my hips.

Ho... feels so good... Doing it outdoors does have its charm. I thrust my hips with my as if this is something natural to do, like having a barbecue picnic.

"Ah, ahhh ❤"

It's not like I'm not enjoying the meat right now (meaningfully).

I take turns penetrating the two lascivious half-sisters. I let them have their fill and indulge myself as well.

"Ah, ahhhhh~~~~~~ ❤❤"

Their stomachs gradually fill up, they're quite the sight.

――Gufufu.

Charlotte and Katherine, shuddering and leaning against the tree, cum seeping out between their legs.

Two alluring, flushed, pink asses dappled in the sunlight.

Hmm hmm, truly, not bad at all.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"...Haa, it was really good... ❤"

"Indeed, it was delightful❤"

After some sloppy, thorough snuging moment, the girls put on their panties without using 【Clean】. Well, Katherine didn't need to take hers off in the first place.

Apparently, they didn't want to 【Clean】 them.

Well, even if they smelled like semen, the people in this world wouldn't notice. Having these beautiful women around with my scent on them is――quite amazing.

Charlotte looked happy and sweaty, while Katherine also got quite sweaty but still contained her cold demeanor. Charlotte entwines her arm with mine, and her post-sex allure is something else. Kuh, I want to return to that shade again ―― Katherine didn't intertwine her arms with me, but she stood closer than before. To put it simply, it's close enough to get stabbed.

Well, since we have a very good bond, I believe she won't.

By the way, <Ephemera> is within my shadow as usual. After satisfying both of them, I asked her to come out, pull down her pants, lift her leg up, and fuck her. Right now, she's just grumbling away in the shadows, feeling pretty satisfied. Truly < EphemeraGrumpy>!

And so, we resumed the inspection of <Aldora>.

"Ah, Maia."

"Fufu, greetings." "Hello."

"You two really like sticking together, huh?"

She had a bright smile on her tanned face. Her blond hair was put into a neat braid, and her eyes were a deep red color. She was a big lady with wide shoulders, wearing a short-sleeved t-shirt that showed her strong arms. Her broad shoulders support her large chest, and her child-bearing hips make her pants look skin-tight - she's undoubtedly a great mother material.

She's Maia, a farmer's wife.

She's also carrying my child. It's a bit later than Charlotte and the others, but you can feel it in her belly when you touch it.

Recently she has been mingling with the children in the mansion and occasionally being embraced by me too. That's how I know. I thoroughly take care of this married lady who drops by the mansion when she's got too much of that itch.

The other day, I finally succeeded in developing her anus.

Her slightly embarrassed expression was irresistible.

And then, Charlotte directed her warm eyes towards Maia.

"Oh my, you're the one to say. Last time, weren't you clinging to Desmond-sama and wouldn't let go?"

"W-Well... t-that's, Charlotte-sama..."

Blushing, she stole glances at me.

Um, is there any shade around here?

Certainly, she loves her husband. However, her body desires me. Next time, I'll thoroughly make love to her for that.

And.

"U-Um... Do you... need some oranges?" Deflection, nice.

"Ah, sure, I'll have some."

Maia tossed them over as usual. Immediately, I peeled an orange and handed one to the cute Charlotte, who opened her mouth expectantly, and then one to Katherine too.

"Um, it's delicious."

As they ate, Maia chuckled wryly.

"You feed them like this all the time?"

"Well, she looked like she wanted to."

"Ahaha." Maia laughed.

At that moment, her well-shaped nose twitched. Then, she looked at Charlotte, then at Katherine.

"....." This is kind of awkward.

"Oh, I see." "That seems to be the case. Maia-sama is..."

"H-Hey, don't say weird things, you two."

"No, we're not saying anything. Right, Katherine?"

"Yes."

So, the mistress and the maid exchanged glances.

Well, it's a very heartwarming scene, but is this appropriate in terms of time, place, and occasion (ＴＰＯ), Maid-san?

Anyway, Maia seems to notice the scent of semen. That's a good sign. ――Gufufu.

"Ah, ahahaha..." utters Maia, chuckling awkwardly.

"It seems like Maia was doing farm work just now." I looked at the basket of oranges she held. "That husband of yours seems quite generous..."

"Yes, I made him understand."

"....." Alright, let's avoid getting involved in other couple's matters.

With that, since I was in the mood for a stroll today, I decided to have her delivered oranges to the mansion as usual and continued the walk without having a tea break today.

A peaceful afternoon in <Aldora>.

Passing by Jenna-chan, who I impregnated at the recent wedding ceremony ―― it's quite something when put that way. We made a promise to meet at the mansion at a later date. Judging by how she's acting, it's probably going to happen. I also noticed her husband's exhausted expression and sunken cheeks.

――I'm sorry!!

I'll send him Ero elf's secret stamina potion as an apology.

It was onee-sama who gave the recipe. Apparently, even if a Terrace woman with Ero elf blood doesn't understand eros, to become pregnant, the man needs to pour in a lot, and I mean a lot.......to have two daughters. Mother-in-law put them to use many times, it seems.

In my heart, I pray to Papa. I wonder how much he was forced to take it. It's a good thing that there's no addiction effect... right?

By the way, when I tried that medicine, the Onee-sama passed out midway. Of course, Charlotte was able to handle it.

――Fu-fuhahahaha... As expected of Desmond...

Needless to say, the sight of her made me act up even more. Still, She didn't get impregnated...... ――Un, back then when I got back from my affair trip and Charlotte attacked me, I completely ran dry, my body and soul all burned up and turned into pure white ash....... (Distant gaze).

But seriously, I'm glad Charlotte got pregnant.

Seeing her happily entwining herself around my arm.

"Desmond-sama, please don't ... Your feelings are... getting through too much... uu"

..... Oh? Wait? Did I just let my feelings show so much that Charlotte is getting embarrassed?

Um, cute, cute. I'm so happy.

I wish for a life like this to continue.....

"Guess~who~~♪"

In an instant, a chill ran down my spine.

My eyes were covered. Then came a sensation of huge flesh pressing against my back, surpassing even Charlotte and Teresa's sheer size.

No, no, no, no, this can't be happening.

That woman, that person, why... Sure, she did say she wanted to visit here, but that person is the rightful wife of the Earl. an I'm just a Lord of <Aldora> and a low-ranking noble.

It can't be, it can't be that someone of her status, the wife of Charlotte's esteemed father, is here, and moreover, covering my eyes like a lover,

"I've arrived❤"

What the hell is going on...

The mounds of happiness that entwined around my arm are getting hotter and hotter, the fingers are biting into my arm, and my clothes are already burning up to my shoulders turning it into post-apocalyptic style.

By the way, I'm using 【Physical Enhancement】 to the fullest. So why am I feeling hot?

It's only a matter of time before my arm gets set on fire by the anger that turns into infernoooo! level given Charlotte's reaction, and this dynamite pressed against my back.

――Seriously, this is explosive, my arm might explode. This plump softness, it's so nice...

"Oh~ho?"

"Hiiiiiiii!!"

...Th-There's no mistake.

"...M-Mother-in-law?"

"Buu-buu, wrong answer. Didn't I tell you the answer before?"

Ugh, I can't take it anymore! It's gonna combust into an inferno fire!

"...Margaret....-sama."

"Ping-pong, that's right."

Finally, my vision was cleared.....

Hey, is it just my imagination that I see white flames at the edge of my vision?

Please tell me it's my imagination, Charlotteeee!!

The Inferno fire is already happening!

Margaret Terrace-sama, my wife's mother and also the "Witch of Terrace." is hugging my other arm.

"Fufufu, I've arrived, Desmond-sama."

Despite being in her late twenties, my beloved wife looks like she's in her early twenties. But her mother.....She's like a bewitching, magical being to the point that she could even pass as her child's younger sister. ―― Perhaps it's even appropriate to outright call her a demon.

With an adorable face, the mother-in-law devilishly - no, demonically - smiled at me.

It seems my peace has come to an end.

And I had one thing I wanted to shout from the bottom of my heart.

And that is, well...

*Inhales*...

Do your job! Chicken Sense!!!

――――ense!

――nse!

―se!

―!

.....

My heart's shout echoed through the clear, blue sky of this calm summer afternoon.

Might as well miss it right under your nose, huh?

...Seriously.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"...Hmmm."

Daddy dandy let out a sigh.

His reddish hair and well-groomed mustache suited the room perfectly.

The dignified, high-class room had an orthodox atmosphere, exuding the pride of a noble accumulated over generations. This was the study of the Earl Terrace, a noble lineage with a prestigious bloodline.

He is the husband of "Witch of Terrace" and also the father of the rumored "Platinum Breaker" and the recently coined "White Flame Empress". All are part of the same family.

......

That's why, if he was being treated by his wife and eldest daughter like this even during his weaknesses, even in this world where there is no eroticism, it seems inevitable that he find comfort with a commoner maid and impregnate her. Of course, there was no intention of making his daughter into one of the "Shadows". However, she did receive a proper education as Charlotte's protector and maid.

What would James think as a father if he knew the three of them now gathered at Desmond's place, indulging in debauchery day and night, and if he learned that not just one but even two of them were carrying his child?

――Making Charlotte who was thought to be unable to have children pregnant, striking a significant blow—more than just a blow, but a mix of magical and physical attack——at the hateful scoundrel, and the tragic incident of the mansion catching fire (even though this time it was caused by his own daughter). Now that he's got back what was unfairly taken from him, it's important to make the bond with him stronger. (And about that disaster situation, well, he's kinda of used to ignoring it, thanks to Teresa). However, Katherine is also his beloved daughter and was born of a woman with whom he trusted and wants to share his precious noble lineage, but her position is still that of a commoner. Still, if it's him, he thinks he can entrust Katherine to him as well.

However, it seemed that the problem child, his eldest daughter, who had abducted Desmond from the Swift residence was now under Desmond's care. Though it wasn't clear what exactly had happened to her, he decided to attribute it to Desmond's achievements. He didn't want to think about it any further. No matter what happened, there was likely nothing good to come of it——His troublesome eldest daughter now apparently become a burden in Aldora's household. Plus her dragon friend too.

Moreover, it was said that her subordinates, the "Platinum Knights." had traveled to Aldora and pledged themselves to Desmond as the "Aldora Knights." Not only that, he heard that he was impregnating them one after another, even those who were the children of nobles and influential merchants.

――Was his capacity something that even someone like me could measure? If he were to become connected through marriage with those households, even with just what is currently known...

Starts with "Gray Hound", Liz Bergamot, and now Platinum Knights... No, now it's "Aldora Knights"... that has "Blue Demon" and "Red Demon" in it... This was no longer something the country could leave alone.

Desmond, you're quite something...

The Daddy Dandy is no longer concerned about it. Because it is too much to handle. It can't be helped.

There was a time when he had dreamed of marrying into the prestigious Terrace family and making it big, but he was no match against his wife, especially on the bed, who was supposed to be nothing more than a tool for bearing children. He soon understood that each person has their own kind of happiness that suits them. Still, as a last-ditch effort, he gave Charlotte the education befitting a noblewoman and married her off to the Swift without listening to his wife's objections.

That was the cause of the situation he found himself in.

——Ah, suiting, the word he had to understand as a noble.

The Daddy dandy chewed on this thought.

And at the same time, he thought.

——Then, just how capable is he?

The Daddy Dandy looked at his own desk. It was an aged piece of furniture, the study desk of the prestigious Terrace family.

Honestly, he wants to entrust his future to him...

But...

...Hesitation crept in.

Not that he questioned his abilities, but was it just to lay such a weight upon him? Should he place his trust, the bearer of this burden would be none other than himself.

...

Daddy Dandy, James Terrace, the in-law of the prestigious noble Terrace family felt a slightly proud sensation. Certainly, he was hesitant. However, by entrusting him personally, he felt as if he himself had become a character in his heroic story, and his heart danced like a boy's, so to speak.

James was not only Katherine's father but also the father of the romance story-loving Charlotte.

"Very well, I've decided. I shall go to Aldora."

When he said so with eyes sparkling, a voice intervened.

"Master, Madam has already set out for Aldora."

――*Crack*

Daddy Dandy heard the world crack.

"What did you say.....right now?"

The maid's voice cut in sharply.

"Madam Margaret is traveling to Aldora to arrange the marriage of Teresa-sama to Lord Desmond Damwead."

...

...Apparently, he wouldn't even allowed to be involved in his story.

By none other than his own wife.

...

*...Sigh...*

"Are you tired, Master?"

The maid interjected calmly.

"Yes."

Whose fault do you think it is?

He shall not say.

Of course, it's all because of his wife.

And so.

"If that's the case..."

The maid quietly sits on the sofa in the office.

*Pat, pat.*

She taps her own lap.

"............Fuuuu."

Daddy Dandy exhales, then stands up from his desk. He sits beside the maid and gently rests his head on her lap.

The maid immediately starts stroking Daddy Dandy's head as if she's been waiting to do so. "There, there, good boy, good boy."

Daddy Dandy closes his eyes quietly, forgetting the world's troubles for a moment. After all, this place feels so comfy, almost as if it was calling for him.

Yes, it's suiting, how suiting.

As long as he has this place, he can immerse himself in happiness.

Strength leaves Daddy Dandy's body. His face shows a mix of Pain and tranquility...

Continuing to stroke Daddy Dandy's head, the woman, whose expression is almost emotionless, then her eyes and cheeks start to soften. Naturally, she is Katherine's mother.

◇

Unaware of the happiness and despair of the current head of the Terrace, or perhaps she knows, after all, she's a 《witch》.

"Phew, this tea is so lovely. You've improved, Katherine."

"It's an honor, Margaret-sama."

She spoke with a composed demeanor.

Graciously, Katherine, a paragon of maids, bows elegantly, that's almost mesmerizing. She doesn't usually show this kind of respect, not even to the Empress.

The scene has changed, now in Desmond's mansion within Aldora. Seated casually on the sofa in the reception room, Margaret Terrace, known as the "Witch of the Terrace" is enjoying the tea.

Her youthful beauty is far from what one would expect from a mother of two in her late thirties and late twenties. She appears too youthful. She could easily be mistaken for Charlotte's sister without trying as she looks no older than twenty. Skin white and pure, lips like rose petals, and large, emerald-like eyes like the most exquisite jewels that the sisters undoubtedly get from her. A straight nose adds to her allure. If someone told how old she actually is, one would think 《Witch》 is a good way to describe her.

Her platinum wavy blond hair, resembling her second daughter's, flows past her shoulders and elegantly drapes over the neckline, revealing a glimpse of her cleavage in her black dress. She exudes a gentler aura like Charlotte, but at present, she sits atop her daughter's husband's lap.

From the right, her second daughter squeezes her breasts against Desmond's arm while making a "Gununununu" noise. She wears a modest dress. From the left, the eldest daughter wraps her arm around Desmond's shoulder while laughing heartily "Fuhahaha" . She's still in her signature knight attire, as provocative as ever. And from behind, the half-sister casually places her hand on his shoulder. Her maid's uniform somehow doesn't feel out of place when she affectionately rests her hand on her master's shoulder, perhaps because everyone else is much more clingy.

The women of Terrace are on all sides.

The siege for Desmond was now complete.

Delightful indeed, but his wife's presence is too intimidating!

Desmond stiffens while sweating nervously.

――I mean, mother-in-law, this is not your seat, right? Besides, isn't this task originally reserved for Daddy...?

That Daddy is busy resting his head on the maid's lap.

"Oh, Desmond-sama, you are getting stiff."

*Twitch*

Even though she looks like Charlotte's younger sister, her skillful use of her butt pressure convinces Desmond that she did indeed give birth to both women.

"Desmond-sama? Are you feeling tense?"

*stare*.

A glare befitting a true wife, comparable to Liz.

"Yes, he's hardening," says the Mother softly.

"Fuhahaha! Desmond's getting all stiff!" The eldest daughter's arm wraps around Desmond's shoulder with good humor and travels down to his waist. Her touch is sensuous in a rather distinct way.

"Yes, master is hard and robust." The maid's fingers lightly graze her master's shoulder.

"No, that's not it! I'm seriously trying hard to hold back and not let things get hard down there!"

Yes, Desmond is desperately fighting it. Thanks to his sister-in-law's training, he can adjust the 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 not only in the positive direction but also in the negative. However, it wasn't about making only a certain part hard...

"Ah!"

Desmond's mother-in-law pressed her ample buttocks against Desmond's Desmond. Just like that, she leaned back against him in a relaxed manner.

"Fufu, this seat is so comfortable."

"Mother, that's actually my seat! But since you are a guest today..."

"Fuhahaha! It's my seat too. Only Desmond can hold me, you know?"

"In that case, I shall become my Master's chair instead."

Truly scandalous.

It's torture not to get an erection here.

Shall I recite a sutra?

Or pi?

No, no, that's now enough, maybe a prime number.

I think some priest somewhere said it's effective for calming down.

Desmond struggled desperately——

"By the way, why is Mother here?"

Charlotte asked.

He should have been the one to ask, as he was the rightful lord. But he's busy right now. After all, he has to count prime numbers.

Sitting on her lord's lap, she said. "What's other reason than to meet you girls? Charlotte-chan, didn't you want to meet me?"

"No, I wanted to meet you..."

She blushed slightly, looking shy. But Desmond has other concerns. His adorable wife is having her head petted by her mother, who he only sees as her younger sister, while the elder and younger half-sisters are smiling kindly. A family gathering (excluding Papa) is another way to spell battlefield for a son-in-law.

And so, Mother-in-law smiled and put extra weight on Desmond.

But still, she's as light as a feather.

Soft, plump, warm, and with a pleasant scent.

Charlotte's grip on Desmond tightened as Margaret patted her head.

"That's good." Lady Margaret said. "I thought Charlotte-chan had become so infatuated with Desmond-sama that she forgot about me."

"N-No, that's not the case. I love Desmond-sama, but Mother too..."

——If you love me, please ease up on the grip a bit.

Desmond thought, but his beloved wife grip's strength, whom he's supposed to share "heart communication" with, didn't lessen.

——I don't understand.

"Fufu." Lady Margaret smiled. "Even Katherine-chan is so infatuated with Desmond-sama. Three of you being so bold outside just now..."

""——Huh?""

At that moment, the voices of the lord and lady overlapped.

——Wait, back then, we were using the "Ero Space." right? It's like Magic Mirror, right?

"As expected of mother, to peek into my "ero space"..."

"Wait, hey Charlotte...? "

"Don't worry, I also told Randolph not to take a peek in if he notices it."

—————

In other words, while it's a convenient ability, it's not invincible. It's risky enough to be seen by highly skilled individuals or users of the same type of power...

"Fufufu, that's real sex. Between those who understand eros..."

Mother-in-law turned her head slightly, licking her lips.

"Fufu, Desmond-sama, there's something stiff pressing against my rear end. Truly, it's really hard..."

*Tremble*

Just hearing that alluring voice felt like his ears were getting violated. With seductive sidelong glances and her hips that had given birth to Teresa and Charlotte, she started grinding and pressing...

"Ooh..."

It had grown hard significantly.

"Desmond-sama?"

——Um, Charlotte-chan, if you want to set me on fire, just do it in one go.

Desmond closed his eyes in resignation, his lower region straining under his mother-in-law.

However, he might have awakened something that shouldn't be awakened?

"Well, now, let's leave it at that, alright?"

Absolutely,

"Putting that aside."

The mother-in-law brushed aside the subject for now, making it clear that wasn't over.

――Now the main subject.

"Has Desmond-sama done the same to Teresa-chan?"

"Of course, Mother! Do you know how many times have I been violated and filled to the brim? Unfortunately, I'm not pregnant yet, but I can proudly say that it's only a matter of time!"

*Boing*

As Teresa proudly thrust out her chest, Desmond's arms were swallowed by the deep valley of her bosom. Perhaps his mind was sinking into that abyss as well...

"It's quite impressive."

Said Lady Margaret, seeming quite pleased.

So, since things turned out like this, you must take responsibility for laying hands on our eldest daughter. Desmond-sama, would you be so kind as to accept the hand of Teresa-chan?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Teresa?"

I asked my mother-in-law desperately, trying to maintain composure and dignity.

Even though composure and dignity had long abandoned me in this situation.

――Seriously...

"Yes, that's right." Mother-in-law replied with a cute face and a cute nod, sitting on my lap. At the same time, she skillfully toyed with the lord's lord with her bottom. Ugh, she's so good! So skilled! You damn witch!

"Surely, you wouldn't suggest that you won't take responsibility after getting your hands on the Earl's eldest daughter, would you?"

Um, I didn't know that a smiling face without any warmth in the eyes could be this terrifying!

I felt like trembling, but I couldn't run away. I can't.

More importantly.

"Fuhaha♪"

――Hmm, the way her tanned cheeks blush is so adorable.

"So is Katherine. I'm a greedy man."

"Master... ❤"

She squeezed my shoulder tightly with her hand.

"I knew you would say that. After all, my "palm" did not fail me."

Huh? Palm? Not eyes? And not even Charlotte's eyes?

Well, I guess Charlotte didn't come here because she fell for me...

"But I fell for you now! I can't live without Desmond-sama! Even if Desmond-sama comes to dislike me, I will continue to love you!"

Whoa... heart communication opened up again, and not only words but Charlotte's feelings were flowing into me. I'm not going to lose!

"Ah... No, this is bad, it's really bad... Desmond-sama's love is making me weak and drowning me... Oh Oh... ❤"

Wait, did I go too far?

Charlotte was trembling while clinging to me.

And what's with the cold stares from her elder and half-sister? They probably have a vague idea of the "connection" between Charlotte and me. It's quite different from the warm feelings we had before... Even if there aren't any channels connecting us, they must sense something!

――Hmm, while her inferiority complex about onee-sama is dissipating, she still thinks she can't beat her mother, so maybe that's why she reacted like that when she's with mother-in-law.

"No, don't peek into my heart so brazenly, please! Seeing such a selfish and ugly side of me, if you do, I... I might be hated by Desmond-sama... ❤"

That shouldn't be the case. I think you know that I love you, including those parts. Well, being jealous also be quite enjoyable, you know?

Charlotte then leaned her head on my shoulder,

"Desmond-sama is so unfair... ❤"

Hmm, well, that can't be helped.

Just need to ignore the gazes of the other three!

And the one on my lap.

"In that case, can we say that Desmond-sama is taking Teresa-chan?"

"I don't mind at all! I don't mind being impregnated and kept as a lover or even pet by him. Fuhahahaha!"

Oh, this woman is too bold. Well, I already knew that, but still.

"So, I am going to be wedded as a wife? As Desmond's wife... ――Fufu."

Oh, so cute. But shouldn't I be the one to give that answer, not you?

There's no helping it,

Because,

She's the Onee-sama.

Desmond

"Alright, I'll take Teresa then."

I replied firmly.

――I did it.

"So, Desmond-sama will be the next head of the Terrace family."

"――Eh?"

"Huh...?"

At first, it was me, then Charlotte. Her big emerald-like eyes widened, and her cute mouth fell open.

"Ufufu."

No, no, no, it's not "ufufu" matters. Right, Mother-in-law? As I recall, the Terrace family had a Papan who worked hard and he even had a son with some concubine.....

"Oh, right, I forgot." onee-sama said as if she just remembered. "The right to choose the next head has always been up to me. Whoever I choose as my husband becomes the next head of the Terrace family... Fuhaha! So, if I marry you, Desmond, it means you'll take over the Terrace family! That's good. Father would be pleased with that. Fuhaha, fuhahahaha!"

""What?""

Charlotte's and my voice harmonized.

◇

"The Terrace family is quite unique."

In the royal palace garden, Princess Sylvia spoke. Behind her stood a maid, and sitting across the table was none other than the Eros Church's Saint, Christina Ernest.

"In a society where women are regarded merely as tools for producing offspring, that family allows women to determine the next head of the family. From the outside, it may appear that they are simply marrying off their daughters to keep the family continuing because they are unable to produce any males, but it's not all as it seems. When it comes to the actual management, it's true that the man who becomes the head does it. Still, there are some things they can't budge on, and that's where the woman who chose that head, the head's wife, seems to have a say."

"The form may be the same, but the content is different." Princess Sylvia said with a smile, lifting her teacup with graceful gestures.

"Only the current head of that family, his wife, and the eldest daughter who holds the right to choose the next head know this fact. There are troublesome people who will seize this opportunity to make trouble if this fact spreads in the noble society. I only know all this because that witch told me. Oh, you must never tell anyone either. That witch might appear out of nowhere and kidnap you."

Princess Sylvia chuckled, but Saint Christina was far from at ease. While it might be laughable for the Saint to be afraid of some witch if the princess's story were true...

――The《Witch of Terrace》

The current Terrace family head's wife and, and if Princess Sylvia's story is true, the woman who chose the current head is her. Margaret Terrace,

It is said that 《Witch of Terrace》 can see the future.

It is said that crossing 《Witch of Terrace》 would bring unimaginable, fierce retaliation.

In Noble society, the 《Witch of Terrace》 was a presence with a commanding and awe-inspiring aura.

However, as a woman, she never wielded her influence on the public stage. She was spoken of in a manner similar to an urban legend. But she couldn't be laughed off, and one couldn't rashly interfere.

When Peter Swift recklessly turned back on the marriage, because Charlotte couldn't conceive and rejected her. There had been mixed reactions both within and outside the family. But in the end, the Terrace family quietly accepted Charlotte's return, seemingly cowering despite losing their influence. Meanwhile, the Swift family, driven by a thirst for honor and power, had intensified their pressure on the Terrace, raising their profile as a noble. Certainly, there was the embarrassment of marrying out a woman who couldn't conceive. However, the calm manner in which the 《Witch of Terrace》 accepted it only made the situation seem more eerie.

After the final outcome, the legend of the witch has now become even more widespread.

However, Desmond, who didn't socialize much, remained entirely unaware of such rumors.

The princess continued, "That is the uniqueness of the Terrace family, or rather, the uniqueness of the Terrace women. The women of that family inherit innate magic. It seems that the 'Witch of Terrace' wields that power. Would you like to know?"

The Saint vigorously shook her head. Her eyes were teary.

"Skills" <Three thousand realms in reach> allows her to accelerate time within the small worlds created in the palm of her hand, calculate and observe numerous possibilities through simulations, and predict the most likely future that could occur. Holding the world in the palm of her hand, rather than a witch, she might as well claim to be the Demon lord, overthrowing my father. Oh, this conversation stays between us by the way. Not only a demon lord, but the king might also come to purge us, you know.

When the princess brought her finger to her lips playfully, Saint Christina's expression was as if her soul had left her body. Even though she was acclaimed as the Saint, She's just a village girl who recognizes Eros was already pushing her capacity to the limit.

However, if anyone were to lay a hand on Saint Christina, they would become enemies of the Eros Church, so neither the kingdom nor the Terrace family would lay a hand on her easily.

Nevertheless, Princess Sylvia continued to speak. "And despite possessing such powerful magic, they are not persecuted, and they remain as earls without achieving any great feats. Why do you think that is? Even I don't know the details myself...."

In front of the princess, the saint covered her ears with her hands.

The princess kept talking, "Fufu, you're so adorable."

Fufufu.

And the princess's delightful laughter danced in the wind.

It might be too much for a girls' talk. But for Princess Sylvia, this was undoubtedly a delightful moment in the summer.

◇

"Does Desmond-sama want to remain as Damwead? However, I don't think it's wrong to assume that you don't wish to."

Margaret, my mother-in-law, said, tilting her head.

On my lap.

So, this is an important conversation, right? Seriously. Can you please stop grinding your ass on my son while we're having an important discussion?

"What do you think, Desmond-sama?" She asked me. Um, this isn't some hostage situation involving my dick is it?

"Desmond-sama, do you not wish to leave your legacy as Terrace rather than Damweed?"

I mean, well, yeah, you could say that. I, the next head of the Terrace family? Of the prestigious Earl's family?...HAHAHA! Seriously!?

As I glanced at Charlotte-chan.

"Desmond-sama as the next leader of the Terrace family..... Desmond Terrace. Fufu-waaaah... Demond-sama, even his family name belongs to me now... Ah, ahhh... ❤" It's like watching a child who's been given permission to write their name on their belongings, but that voice is coming from a twenty-nine-year-old. Soon enough, she'll be using magic to write it on my forehead or something.

"Can I!? Can I really write my name!?"

Well, it can't be helped.

But she's so intense (happy).

"Well, I don't mind..." "I've got your confirmation♪" Phew... Mama's pressure is strong.

"But even if Desmond-sama objects, Damweed has already agreed to fully cooperate with the Terrace."

――I've got Donna Donna's song playing in my head.

"Fuhahaha! So, Desmond will become Aldora's Frontier Lord as Desmond Terrace! This makes me proud as a wife! Long live the Frontier Lord !"

Stop it! If you say that so loudly, a certain old man might go crazy!

But right then, I noticed something.

"However, Margaret-sama, in order to do that, I would first have to marry Teresa, wouldn't I?" To inherit the Terrace earldom, I must first stand as Teresa's husband. In other words, to have her as first wife...

"Even if I were to marry Teresa and be the next (let's say a hundred steps or even a million steps from now) to inherit the Terrace, I won't divorce Charlotte, no matter if I could later welcome Charlotte as my second wife... No, I cannot accept it unless Charlotte remains as my first wife."

"Desmond-sama..." Her voice, unlike her usual erotic tone, seemed genuinely moved, making it impossible to look at my wife's face.

That's my first condition. So, unfortunately, the birth of Aldora's Frontier Lord and my Terrace earldom will not happen. Ah, what a shame, truly, truly a shame (grinning triumphantly)!

But my hope is just that, a fleeting hope...

"That's not a problem at all." My mother-in-law said on my lap. Could you please stop rubbing my thing with your butt since it's getting into a serious topic? It feels good, but...

"You may welcome Teresa-chan as your third wife. As it would be..... problematic to make her the second wife."

Yeah, Liz would cry, for sure.

That's absolutely unacceptable.

"I'm jealous ..." Wait, Charlotte-chan, here...?

"So, Teresa-chan will be the third wife. Teresa-chan's right to choose the next head is not known to the outsider. Charlotte-chan also didn't know, did you? So, after Teresa-chan marries Lord Desmond, as long as Desmond-sama is our son-in-law... there's no problem (smiles)."

No, I can't look her in the eye. It feels like I'm peering into the bottomless darkness of the aristocracy. Indeed, if we follow her plan, the appearance of a male in the male-dominated aristocracy will be maintained. It's quite roundabout, but.. what a troublesome society...

No, I have to do my best here, or Aldora's Frontier Lord will be born, and Grandpa will be delighted. And then,

"Next will be the country, ――fufu"

I must absolutely prevent that!

"But James-sama has son with concubines..." "It has been long decided that those children will not inherit the family." "...Understood."

――What should I do, I can't stop Aldora's Frontier Lord from being born...

――Huh? Wait, I still have a card to play!

It's Desmond's turn, Desmond draws his card!

"I'm not planning to leave Aldora, the place I've worked hard on all this time."

"That's fine. In fact, Desmond-sama, it would be better for you not to leave here. Terrace's territory will continue to be governed by James-sama as the deputy."

Miss! Desmond's attack doesn't work.

James' retirement has been postponed.

"By the way, the children between James-sama and the concubine will become deputy governors in a different territory. And even if there were any problems there, Desmond-sama would not be harmed. Such a system has already been established."

Oh, I see, so this kind of history has been repeating itself. It's the legacy of the prestigious aristocracy.....I got handed that whole system, all the land I let the deputies handle will eventually fall into my hand.

.....

――Cough (coughing up blood)...

"Desmond-sama, I mean, the next head of the Terrace family. I, too, will do my small part for the prosperity of Aldora."

Stop it, it feels like if you put in your efforts, the whole country might be in danger. Please say it's just my imagination, please, please, please, Mother-in-law!

And I haven't really agreed to... "You're getting Teresa-chan, so that means you're taking the Terrace next head's seat, right?" (smiles)

What a package deal! Buying time is... no use now, I've already gone too far. Rejecting Onee-sama is just not happening.

Then.

"I understand. I will humbly accept it."

"Thank you!"

"Ah!"

Mother-in-law squeezed my erect penis with her plump butt.

...this is bad...

I was rubbed by mother-in-law's ass on my lap, with my wife, her sister, and half-sister clinging to me.....

"You're twitching... Fufu, you're twitching a lot, this is the pulse of a man who knows sexual desire..... It's so hot... and wonderful...Ufufu."

――Um, I'm totally defeated.

There's no way she wouldn't notice the smell...

"Fuhaha, this is truly a call for celebration!"

"As expected of Madam."

"Desmond-sama?"

"Desmond-sama, you are still trembling... ❤"

And so, in three different ways... or should I say, in four ways, I find myself entangled by this alluring legion of beautiful women. The women of Terrace. I see, I'm becoming a part of Terrace too, huh... I may not have any attachment to the name Damwead, but I guess I'm becoming Desmond Terrace from now on...

It can't be helped.

In reality, I'm going to become Desmond Terrace, the Frontier Lord of Aldora... The sheer happiness on Grandpa's face when I imagine it... It's indescribable.

Please stop, the noble society and everything else, please leave me alone!

As much as I wish for that, the reality is harsh, and if I'm inheriting the title of an Earl, there's no way I can avoid being summoned by the higher-ups...

So, I'll have to go to the royal palace at some point.――

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The corridor inside the mansion was brightened by the pale moonlight.

In that dim light, two figures stood facing each other, both carrying a certain seriousness.

"Oh my, Miss 《Witch》what's wrong? Did you accidentally mix up your dreams with reality?"

"My, my, addressing the lord's mother-in-law with such audacity. Isn't that a little disrespectful to the rightful wife of the leader of the Earl family?" (Officially, James Terrace presides as the Lord of the Terrace.)

Ufufu,

If Desmond were here, he would undoubtedly turn on his heels immediately.

The evening's most important moment happened quietly in the mansion's hallway.

The moon was shining bright, bathing them in a pale blue spotlight on the night.

On one side stood a handsome old man with gray hair. He had thick eyebrows and a mustache that added to his appearance. His tone resembled aged Scotch...suggesting an air of mystery.

She has platinum blonde wavy hair and big emerald eyes. She looked like a young girl, but her voluptuous figure pushed the limits of her blouse (borrowed from Charlotte-chan), exuding an alluring charm that was beyond bewitching. She's the mother of a woman who's almost forty and another who's around thirty years old.

One of the <Deadliest> in the kingdom, the "Witch of Terrace."

The soft moonlight looked like it was swirling, pulled by their strong connection. It felt almost as intense as the deep sea pressure.

"Why are you still here?" Randolph Steiner, the Knight "Gray Hound", asked.

"I would rather not be spoken to so coldly."

Ufufu, she chuckled, like an innocent little girl who has no evil intentions. Precisely why she is called the 《Witch》.

"And I'm the one who brought the title of Earl to your master."

"Indeed, I am grateful. However, hasn't your business already been concluded?"

"Yes, my business is done. But, you see, I've taken a liking to my son-in-law, and, of course, to Aldora as well. The place where even the scary little dog guarding it and wags its tail so happily...." She tapped the floor of the corridor with her foot.

Her eyes distorted into a crescent moon shape.

Hoho,

And the old man smiled and said,

"Did you also like it?"

The corners of his mouth perked up, but oddlycrooked.

"Yes, very much ❤."

"That's good to hear."

But instead of regular 'hoho'.

"Kukuku." The old man chuckled.

"Perhaps you are already aware of this place?"

His eyes resembled those of a dog finding a toy.

"No." The Mother-in-law replied with a soft smile, charmingly shaking her head. "I had no knowledge of it. All I could see was that this place is unreadable, so to speak.....――"

She looked like a girl holding her favorite doll.

"There are things even a 'witch' can't read?"

"Yes, I can only read things outside of the singularities."

"Then, is this place one of them?"

"Yes, and so is your Lord."

With a sweet smile, she peered into Randolph's gray eyes.

"Ufufu, that young man who always had dead eyes, who would have thought he'd have such lively eyes now. I wouldn't have guessed this either. But shouldn't you be more appreciative of me? I'm the one who introduced you to your 'young master,' after all."

"Hoho—"

The old man chuckled.

"Now, didn't you just say you didn't know that?"

"Oops, you got me there. Ufufufufu."

A lighthearted conversation with poisoned words hidden beneath. Certainly, Katherine's words about noble are not wrong, but this is on a different level. It was a dance of irony and scythes, trying to break the opponent's stance.

How much did she know, or not know?

She mustn't fall for a feint and give away unnecessary information. Careless assumptions could lead to having your heart removed without you even knowing it.

In the future, that removed heart might be preserved in a jar and used as a bargaining chip. When a true noble takes a seat at the negotiation table, it's a signal that all matters have been irrevocably resolved...

A common occurrence among the upper class and nobility.

A world that Desmond had no connection to.

But what these two were doing was not a competition for information but rather....

"It's good to see you in good health. However, to meet you here in this mansion... Hoho, I've grown old. But you remained unchanged."

"Ufufu." the beautiful witch smiled.

However, asking about age at this point was a sign of mediocrity. Randolph, a top-class, continues asking.

"Surely, you're not thinking of bearing Desmond-sama's child, are you?"

There, the 'witch' smiled enchantingly.

"Oh my, my, that's a truly wonderful idea, isn't it? Ufufu."

Don't push yourself, old lady.

A certain someone wants to say those words.

But surely, that certain someone can sense something beyond the window.

Randolph doesn't know whether Margaret is still capable of bearing children. Taking an approach that deliberately avoids delving into the young master's sexual techniques, he remains unaware of eros—because it wouldn't be as interesting. He lacks the concept to describe the bewitching appearance of the "witch" who places her hand on her own belly and gently rubs it.

But now, they both shared something more precious than her imaginary baby.

Smiles——their eyes and the corners of their mouths twist into sinister crescent moons, illuminated by the pale moonlight.

"W-what's wrong with this place..."

And it was the dragon girl who was unlucky enough to witness it.

◇

"Ahh, A, Aaa..."

Ugh, it feels so good... Charlotte is the best.

Today, once again in our bedroom, I pressed my beloved wife pressed against the wall with only her hands supporting her, her ass sticking out, as I grab her hips and pounded her from behind.

*Squelch, squelch...* The sound and vibrations send a shiver down my spine and make my rod hard as I savor the sweetness of her folds.

"Haah, ahh... ❤"

I press my hips tightly against her cheeks and cherish every inch of her that my cock got so familiar with. I push my hips against her smooth, glistening, plump buttocks, circling my arm around her, and slip down towards her bewitching thighs. "Nah... Dejumon-shamaa... ❤"

I caress her plush thighs and play with the shivering center of her mound.

"Haah, Aah... ❤♪"

I lift her breasts up, and sink my fingers in, her ample flesh overflows from my hands. When I dug my fingertips harder, her supple skin bounced back.

I delicately lift her bosom from beneath, my fingers sinking into the supple mounds, causing her flesh to spill from the gaps of my fingers. When I grip harder, her supple flesh fights back.

――Gufufu.

I roll her swollen tip around with my fingers.

And twist!

"Yaaahh~... ❤❤"

Oh... her walls are clenching. While I grind my hips back and forth, I indulge in her fruit, pushing her platinum blond hair aside with my nose, licking and nibbling on her neck.

"Ah, ahh... Haa, more, Desmond-sama... ❤"

――Oh, the scent is intoxicating.

My rod inside her twitches, eager to paint her with my color. As I hold Charlotte close, her body writhes with love, her velvety walls squeezing me.

"Oh, it feels so good..."

"Dejumondshaamaa......"In a sweet, needy voice, she tilts her head toward me. Her large, emerald eyes glisten with a heart symbol inside, and I can't help but think it's not just my imagination.

"Nfu, nnn... ❤"

As I extend my tongue, she eagerly received it. "Nnn, chu.... Nn... ❤"

She sucks on my tongue sensually, entwining it with her lustful love tongue. I, too, savor her tongue..."Nfuuh... ❤ Nnnn..."

――Ahhhhh, this is overwhelming. The white-hot magma of desire simmers inside my testicles. Charlotte's body twists and writhes. Even though her lower belly is beginning to bulge, her body wants to conceive another child.

Her velvety walls squeeze me tightly, drawing me in.

"Ohh... it feels so good..."

I released my lips from Charlotte's, and I nibbled at her nape. "Ah... ❤" Through our heart connection, she knew exactly what I was about to do. Her expectations fueled me intensely.

*bit*❤!

"Hiiiin! ❤"

With affection, gentleness, and sharpness, I sink my teeth into her neck, and she arches her back, raising her head in response. With each thrust, honey spurts from our connection, and her trembling inner muscles draw me deeper.

"Ahh...Please stop, Desmond-sama... ❤ You are such an animal... I'm going to get pregnant again... ❤"

Her trembling voice is filled with joy as I release inside her womb, promising to impregnate her once more.

"Fuaah♪... I can feel Desmond-sama..... So much... Ahh...It's filling me up...ah... I'm getting pregnant... Nnnu♪"

Her sweat-drenched body trembles with ecstasy. As she reaches the peak of her orgasm, her hips wriggle instinctively, breathing heavily, wanting to extract every drop of cum from me.

"Ha, haaaa....."

Our beastly breaths mingled and intertwined."

Chu, chu, *lick*..." "Nu... fuah... chu❤"

"Good! You've ejaculated, now it's my turn! If you keep showing me that, I'll wither away if you don't pour your cum into me soon!"

Naturally, My beloved wife's elder sister was next to her, placing her hands on the wall and provocatively shaking her tanned seductive ass at me, as if unable to wait any longer. Really?

——Judging by that puddle under her feet, I should plug it and replenish it with my white fluids, or she might really wither away. Scary!

Yes, on the wall of my bedroom, the exquisite Terrace Sisters both stood naked, their hands on the wall, eagerly offering their body for me to impregnate. One of them was already pregnant——what a magnificent contrast between the brown and white beauties.

By the way, the half-sister of the two lay on my bed, her ass raised, dripping milky fluid from her two gaping holes.

"Ah...Thank you.....Master.... My tummy.....front and back.....so full... ❤"

Honestly, these sisters, this situation is something else.

This is just like the power relationship between their mama and papa... Well! Let's not think about that too much!

"Oh, Desmond, hurry up! My belly is empty, you know? Quickly, do it like you do with those two, fill my womb with your offspring!"

Onee-sama's captivating tanned body swayed and begged for seed. It's true that she's not pregnant while her two sisters are... but I'm doing my best too, you know. Her knights—now my knights, the <Aldora Knights> pregnancy rates have also been increasing.

It seems that even the quarried 《Platinum Breaker》 can feel the impatience.

"Desmond..."

――Oh her sweet voice is so lovely.

Well then, as her husband, I'll lavish her with all the affection she deserves.

"Huh, ahn....."

I slowly pulled my flesh stake out from my beloved wife, rubbing my head against her folds. The tightening of her reluctant flesh hole felt... delightful.

*pop*!

As I pulled out the plug, my wet member stood erect, drenched in love juices. Desire oozed from between the platinum blonde curls, and it excited me.

Seeing the semen spill from her slit makes me feel like I've marked my territory――Gufufu.

By the way, she's Ero elf, so she can hold my seed inside her without spilling a drop. It's like black magic, but she let it spill out because she knows my preferences. This cute wife is too good for me.

*Slap!*

With an indecent sound, she let out a moan. "Yaaan♪"

I became elated, wedging myself between her ass and smeared it all over her cheeks.

And of course, Teresa too.

"Ah, I've been looking forward to this."

As I fondled her plump and firm ass, she let out a seductive moan. Ah, I can't wait to impregnate her through these magnificent hips.

With my throbbing flesh spear, I wedged it between her tanned cheeks.

"Ahhh❤ here it comes! here it comes! ❤ nnghhhhhh ❤"

"Huh? Teresa, did you climax just now?"

"Y-yes ..... ahhh ❤ you kept me waiting for so long... mmm....♪"

"Oh my, Onee-sama seems to be quite enthralled by Desmond-sama's penis."

"That's right. Just like with my sisters, I'm in love with Desmond's dick... Ahh! Desmond is swelling inside me... ❤ Ah, it feels so good... ❤ Ahh..."

Her moans seemed to have an unusual level of enthusiasm.

"Ah, slow...you're moving so slow...oh, I'm being made Desmond's plaything....❤ my whole body is tingling... ♪"

"Teresa, you make a pretty nice voice just now. Kuh, it's so tight..."

"Idiot❤... mmm, haah... ❤"❤❤

I spread her butt cheeks wide enough to see her ass hole stretching, and thrust my hips, making her sweat glisten on her tanned skin.

Her platinum blonde hair glistened. Her tight walls were like a formidable fortress.

I grasped her waist and shook my hips away. Her breasts, which spilled over from the sides, jiggled rhythmically... ――It's truly a delightful sight.

"Ahh❤, I'm going to break, Desmond is going to break me ❤❤❤"

It's much better to be the one that vigorously pounding away. But I won't lose! "Ahh! I'm being torn apart from the inside by Desmond... ❤"

*plap* *plap* *plap**plap**plap*

The rhythmic sound of our flesh hitting each other, accompanied by her passionate moans, was enough to make me lose control...

"Teresa!"

"Unuuu! Desmond... ❤"

I lifted her legs and thrust even deeper. I squeezed her tanned breasts and passionately tasted her lips, just like I did with her sisters. Her large emerald eyes, so similar to her sister's, sparkled alluringly.

"Mmm, fuu, nnn... ♪"

"It's incredible, you're making such lewd sounds. Onee-sama."

"Um, later, I'll make Charlotte-chan make those sounds too."

"What about now..."

"Um, I won't hold back then..."

With the addition of the 29-year-old spoiled brat who approached with her breasts swaying, the three of us indulged. I made them swallow my saliva, creating a cocktail of our saliva in my mouth before gulping it down.

"Puaa~ahh... Younger sister, it's my turn now."

"I want to be cherished by Desmond-sama too."

My beloved wife smirked and said,

"In that case, I'll do it together with Desmond-sama..."

"Fuaah❤! Ah, Not you too❤... Mmm, nnnkuu! You're quite skilled... Ahhh! Desmond is also skilled... ❤ ❤"

My wife joined in as she caressed her older sister's nipples. "Ah, aah... ❤" Her moans were irresistible. The seedling rod inside Teresa felt like it was about to burst.

I kissed her cervix with each thrust.

Kiss...

Kiss...

"Fuaah! Ah, Desmond, do you want to impregnate me this badly? Ungh, nnnuuu... ❤"

*Squelch, squelch,* The wet sounds were becoming even more intense. I parted her vaginal folds, taught her to remember my shape, and directly communicated to her body that I was going to make her pregnant.

"Oh, I don't just want to impregnate you, I want you to give birth to as many children as you can."

*slpash*!

A joyful fountain gushed forth.

"I give birth to more children than anyone else,'' Charlotte-chan isn't backing down.

I enjoyed Teresa's slippery insides, plowing the body that will bear my seed.

"Teresa, get pregnant with my seed. Give birth to my child, Teresa."

"Impregnate me... I want to bear Desmond's child! I'll get pregnant, give birth, and create a new Knight Order..."

A Knight Order!??

"In that case, my village will be protected by Onee-sama's Knight Order."

Way to go, Desmond, a big family! Bright family planning... or not?

However, it seemed that my seed was needed to create Knight Order and villages. So I might not be able to retire anytime soon. Well, I didn't intend to stop anyway, and if they wanted to, I would impregnate them to the point of creating a country.

"I've got your word."

Scary!

Shivers ran down my spine, but this was a spice like no other, different from fear, bursting forth with my seed.

"I'm cumming! Teresa, get pregnant! get pregnant with my child~!"

"aaaaahhh~ ❤ ❤ ❤ Pregnant... I'm getting pregnant... Desmond's child..... Aaahhh~ so much, my womb is filled with Desmond's seed... Ohhh..."

Her voluptuous body quivered and moved in sync with my pulsations.

I was determined to impregnate her seriously, ejaculating repeatedly while circulating my magic.

――Oh...So good, consensual sex feels so good...

Though I had never done anything other than consensual sex, and of course, I wouldn't do anything else in the future.

But why did I think of such a thing in the first place?

Well, whatever.

My shaft throbbed as it continued to pulsate within her.

"Ahh... ❤ ❤"

Teresa, climaxing and making a lovely voice, was a sight to see.

However...

Even then, Teresa still didn't get pregnant.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ugh, why haven't I gotten pregnant yet...?"

Onee-sama said as she straddled me while completely naked. Her brown, shaved mound was currently in the midst of a passionate union. Every time she rocked her hips, the wet sound and sensation increased.

"There's no need to rush, you know. You'll have plenty of time for Desmond-sama to impregnate you. Desmond-sama will impregnate you, even if you have Ero Elf's blood."

*Squish, rub, squelch...*

A supreme sensation came from my right. My right arm was used as Charlotte-chan's pillow, and her ample breast perked up and pressed against my side, her bush rubbing against my legs.

"Yes, I'm sure Desmond-sama can impregnate any woman. Even with an​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondriaа​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhouse​​​of the celll..."

I'm sure impregnating someone an​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondriaа​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhouse​​​of the celllly is impossible, even for an Ero Elf. But then again, maybe they're talking about some magical creatures with very low SAN or something.

Katherine, their an​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondriaа​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhouse​​​of the celll-loving stepsister, who was now starting to reach the climax of her desires, rested her head on my left arm. Her breasts, while not large, are so soft that make it so irresistible, and like Charlotte, she entwined her legs and rubbed her pubic hair against me.

She wore the White Brim of the maid diligently, her red hair was let down. Hmm, she really does look like Charlotte when she does that.

And then, Teresa Onee-sama began to move her hips, attempting to extract the next batch of seed.

Then, I filled inside with my seed, cranking my magic power to fill her womb.

*Splurt, Splurt...*

"Ah, it's coming.... but I'm still not pregnant. Maybe it would work if it's my ass..."

Katherine? Your words are driving your first Onee-sama crazy, you know?

When I glanced at her.

"*chu*"

She casually kissed me.

Well, I can't get mad at her now. Well, maybe I can, but I'll turn a blind eye to it for now.

But still,

Their sweaty skin, their scents, each with their own unique feel of arousal. Yet, they are so similar...

The Three Sisters bowl. It's incredibly delicious.

With pleasure, I thrust my hips vigorously.

"Kuah❤! Ho❤! Ohh❤! It's piercing through❤... Haaa... Ahh❤!"

As I thrust my hips and pulled her closer, Teresa collapsed onto me. There's no way she should have lost her balance over something like this, but she seemed to get the signal when I looked into her eyes. Mmmph! Her voluptuous breasts squished against me, her nipples perky.

"*Suck, suck, lick, lick...*"

"Desmond-sama, I want a kiss too..."

"If there's no room, allow me to kiss your bottom mouth."

Whispers of sweet breath enveloped me from both sides, their tongues intruded into my ears.

I halted Katherine's advances down below by embracing her shoulders. While getting kisses downstairs was tempting, right now, I just wanted to hold these three close. Besides, the place down there isn't called a mouth, yeah? I should probably stop referring to it as such.

I reached around Charlotte and Katherine's hips, comparing the sensations of both while exploring Onee-sama's depths.

Good grief, what..."What luxury you're having right now."

"....."

——It's just my imagination.

I didn't hear anything. It can't be.

"But as a man from another world who knows about eroticism, perhaps this is to be expected. All three of you have been awaken into a real woman....."

No! I definitely didn't hear anything!

Desmond tried to escape from reality with all his might.

But he was cornered.

"Mmm, looks like mother is interested too."

"Margaret-sama, I recommend doing it in the rear."

"You can't mother, at least let me get impregnated first."

The three sisters embraced me tighter.

They didn't let me get away with a 'No hear, no see' attitude. Seriously, when they hold me this tight, I can't move at all. Should I try to shake them off with 【Physical Enhancement】? But I can't do that to my precious girls, and besides, it's Teresa who's clinging to me. The first thing I had to do was to prevent her from breaking my arm.

Now, I don't know where to begin.

"Isn't it you that's so easily taking Onee-sama in first?"

I received a comeback as a response. And it's a classic retort, just as expected from my wife, Charlotte-chan.

I mentally gave her a thumbs-up. I wanted to hook that thumb into her mouth and have her lick it.

And then.

"Fuwa~a, you snug it in quite nicely."

I sense a gaze upon the union area. I don't want to comment on it, especially when it comes to the speaker.

I can't move.

Could it be that I've become an offering? Did I indulge so much that my mother-in-law came to deliver her judgment personally? No, no, I think there might be a chance for her to ... Well, join in.

"Oh, I see... a chance for my mother to join in... I see..."

...Ouch. I feel something sharp and hot biting into my right arm.

Don't look, absolutely must not look to the right!

"Hmm, Hmm."

"Oof!"

Mother-in-law teased my balls.

"Desmond-sama? You seem quite pleased."

"Kuu, he's swelling inside me."

"Oh, really?"

*Shiver*

"Fu~oh.... it's rubbing inside me... kuuaa... ❤"

"Margaret-sama, his balls are nice, but the butt..."

Hey, stop it, Katherine! Given mother-in-law's personality, she might actually do it, you know?

...Is there no one on my side here?

And then.

"Guh."

"Hmm, truly a splendid jewel. *Rub, roll*."

Ah, ah, no, that's good, it feels so... "Huh?"

My right arm flared up with a bright white flame (from a sensation).

――Oh, I see. So, today is my day of reckoning.

"Wow, it's flooding out of Teresa-chan so much. Is this Teresa-chan's, or is it Desmond-sama's?"

"Kwah, wait, Mother! Don't trace his... Uuuu ❤"

Hoho, shy onee-sama, Thank you for the treat. "Desmond grew again when mother touched him through my belly." "...Hoho."

I've been sold! Onee-sama sold me to her dear sister!!

"Hee, so this is what happens when it stays erects..."

Ah, no, don't stroke it... Ooooooh!

――*spluuurt*!

"Wow, his rod is twitching so much. Could it be that he's inseminating Teresa-chan right now? To think that Desmond-sama can ejaculate so many times and so much. I wonder how it feels to experience it."

"Ggh! It's really thick too..."

Why, onee-sama?! Do you hold a grudge against me or something?! This is too much!

"....." And, it's Charlotte-chan who is silently gripping my arm who's the most terrifying.

But the real moment of terror is yet to come.

"Desmond-sama's ejaculation is so magnificent. With this, it's understandable that you can impregnate one girl after another. But still, Teresa-chan still doesn't conceive."

At that moment, the air stopped.

"Well, with all this, it seems that the cause is not Desmond-sama's fault, but it's likely to be Teresa-chan. After all, it already surpasses the ample amount and quality needed to be poured in, even for ero elf.

The voice of mother-in-law voice sounds so innocent, but it felt completely out of place in this serene setting. And the air seemed to be quietly, chillingly tense. The heat in my right arm subsided, but what was this indescribable, icy pressure?

Charlotte was clinging to my right, she who couldn't conceive and was sent back home. To my left was Katherine, who had been earnestly supporting the heartbroken Charlotte. And the eldest sister who couldn't conceive was straddling me...

"Margaret-sama, that's enought. It's not Teresa..." "Desmond, if you say more, I won't forgive you." "..."

"Oh my, you understand it quite well, don't you?"

Her voice was as seductive as it was frightening. Indeed, she may be like this, but she's still the wife of the Earl. Well, that's not all there is to it...

She walked up to me, and her face came into view. Mother-in-law stared at me intently. I face her in a female body armor, my right is completely nude Charlotte. Left is Katherine with only a White Brim on her head. And nude Teresa on top.

"Ufufu." She laughed softly.

She is a beautiful woman with such youthful looks that one could almost think of her as Charlotte's younger sister. Her wavy platinum blonde hair, and large emerald eyes were inherited by her daughters. Her petal-like lips softly smiled, and her voluptuous figure, rivaling her daughters, stretched my shirt out to the limit.....

Why are you wearing my shirt.... and, moreover, why are you pulling the 'I'm wearing my boyfriend's shirt' vice so perfectly!... But it does look good on you... Ouch! Charlotte pinched me! I mean!... that erect pink tip is peeking through so naturally and erotically, don't you think? Besides that, she isn't wearing anything else, not even pants!

"You seemed approved of my looks, I'm glad."

"..."

Ouch, ouch, ouch. Charlotte-chan, I'll let you wear my pants next time, so please forgive me. ――She really stops pinching me.

.....Not good, I'm getting too sidetracked.

And so, they stared at each other, my mother with my shirt on, and her oldest daughter, who was still completely naked and with my cock in her pussy. To my right is Charlotte, and to my left is Katherine. They both clung to me with bated breath.

――Why am I at the center of all this?

Someone, please help!

I cry for help from the center of the bed!

And.

"You're so naugthy, Teresa-chan."

My mother-in-law gave Teresa's cheek a little poke, *nub*

It looks so soft,

But.

――Ah? Wait, weren't we supposed to get back to the main topic? Is this a comedy, a serious conversation, or something erotic? I'd like to at least know the tone.

It's all chaos!

"Teresa-chan, you understand what I'm saying, right?"

Mother-in-law gazed at Teresa with a serious look.

And then.

――Teresa, are you sweating? Oh, it's falling down.. *lick*

"Pervert"

Hey! That was a reflex!! But if Charlotte's sweat dripped on me... " I'd totally lick it!"

"Yay" I exchanged a mental high-five with my wife.

So, back to the main topic... apparently.

"Fu-fuhaha..."

"Don't look away. Teresa-chan always tries to laugh it off when things get inconvenient."

『.....』——Is that so? It's true that her laugh is different when she's embarrassed, but I haven't seen that side of her much. In fact, I haven't been with her for that long at all...

I glanced at the two people on either side of me.

They both had expressions that said they didn't know it too.

"Mother's eyes can't be fooled. I can see why Teresa-chan won't get pregnant."

Seriously? Can she really?

Glancing at both of them again,

Unh,

Unh,

They both nodded.

――Seriously...

But if that's the case...

"Teresa, so you know why you're not getting pregnant? If you do, please tell me. I'll do anything..."

In an instant, it felt like all the women here had their eyes light up.

Umm.....Chicken sense?

――Can you do your job right for once?

"...Ahem, I'll do anything for you to get pregnant."

I corrected myself.

But now that I've been cornered with this, I'm about to get roped into something crazy. Well, not just me...

"Teresa-chan, Desmond-sama already saying this much. It's time for you to come clean."

"..... (*drip* *drip**drip**drip**drip*)"

It's really unusual. It's the first time I've seen Teresa break out into such a sweat. And I can't wait for it to fall. But there's something more important than that.

"Teresa, be honest with me. Did you actually not mean it when you said want to have my child and raise our kid?"

"No! That's not it, Desmond! I want to bear your child, give birth, and raise more little knights than my little sister's village!"

Hmm, isn't this getting more grandiose than before? Well, it's fine. It seems like Teresa's words are sincere. But how many children does it take? ――gulp

"So, why?"

I stared into Teresa's eyes while she was still straddling me, completely naked.

"Uh, well, that's..." It's still unusual. Her eyes are swimming like fish. Her eyeball movement is something else.

Teresa continued to sweat while her eyes wandered for a while, and eventually, she made up her mind.

"I mean, wouldn't that be too normal?"

"""――eh?""" My voice, Charlotte's, and Katherine's voices overlapped.

"....."

"I-I said! That'll be too normal!"

Her brown face turned bright red. Um, if this were now, I could inject seeds into her in liters.

"Me too please, I beg you!"

Wait a moment, Charlotte-chan. The conversation isn't finished.

"I want to carry Desmond's child for sure." Her flushing face is too cute. "But, but I'm a 'Platinum Breaker'!"

I'm glad.

"B-but, just having kids is..... Isn't that, like, just following the rules?"

""Huh?"" Both Charlotte and I were surprised.

"So..."

Onee-sama fidgeted, looking as adorable as ever.

"I-I'm the 'breaker of rules'! So, I must act accordingly! I do love Desmond, and I want to bear so many of his children that can build a country! If I had conceived when I abducted my sister's husband back then, It would have been some kind of violation but now...."

――Yeah, it definitely was a taboo back then.

However, she needed quite a bit of filling as an ero elf. And now that she lives in my family, has become a loving wife in a normal way, and bears children normally, it seems that it's not appropriate for a 'breaker' like her (I mean, having enough kids to build a whole nation seems like a serious taboo too, right? It's way beyond what one person should have.)

Still, what an act befitting of a "breaker" title, we have some serious breakers here (laughs).

Ahhh! her pussy, her pussy is going to rip my peepee out!!

"I felt something insufferable."

She's a demon indeed, a 'breaker.' But her gaze still danced around...

"――So, that's it." my mother-in-law said apologetically. "As you can see, this girl is always like this, to think that she's still acting this way even at this age..."

"""Um.""" we all understood.

It is indeed the onee-sama's fault.

"Hey! What's with that look? Do you have any problem? I'm a 'Platinum Breaker,' you know! Fuhahaha!"

Oh no, she's in her forties and still acting like a chuni.

As expected of a Platinum Breaker". (cough, cough)

"However." mother-in-law said, looking at me and us.

I had a very bad feeling about this. Chicken Sense, haven't you been slacking off? But I can't really can't question a skill.

"Fortunately, Desmond-sama said he would do anything to get Teresa-chan pregnant."

Margaret-sama's large, beautiful emerald eyes lock at me!

*Shiver!*

At that moment, Chicken Sense gave the biggest alarm, like it suddenly realized it existed.

You've been sleeping all this time, haven't you?

But there was no time to think about that now!

Because a giant hand was approaching us while we were huddled together.

"――wha?" What's this?

None of us could react to it in time...

【Guess which hand sounded the clap?】 Clap​Your​Fortune

I, we, were completely enveloped in the phantom of mother-in-law's giant hand...

――*PLAP*♪

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fuhahaha! You've done well to come this far, brave hero!"

――What's going on?

If I remember correctly, I was savoring the delicious Three Sisters bowl, indulging in the Lordly experience. Then mother-in-law barged in, blaming Teresa's inability to conceive because of her chuunibyou antics then...

Hand!

―― Alright, I didn't see anything.

I mean...I haven't experienced getting "splat". But in this situation, it feels like I've been "splat" and got reincarnated again...

"Fuhahaha! Hero, do you seriously think you can take me down? Me? Demon Queen Teresa?"

I was indeed in a room befitting a demon lord's castle. She was reclining on her throne, laughing heartily. After all, she was currently in "Demon" mode.

Her tan skin was darker than usual, her emerald-like eyes were now red, and her sclera turned black. Horns sprouted from her head, and her limbs, breasts, and groin were covered in demonic exoskeleton-like armor.

But more importantly, what's up with this situation?

Hmm, right, it's a dream.

It has to be.

I tried to convince myself of that, but deep down, I was accepting this undeniable reality. I mean, it could be fake or illusion or something, but...

"Now, come at me!"

And Onee-sama stood up.

*Boing*

Her tanned busty breasts bounced, and the supple curves of her waist and thick thighs were mesmerizing. Her moist skin made me want to kneel and let her step on... cough, caress it.

A villainess, a demon queen, they often wear pretty revealing outfits, do they? It makes sense now, how can heroes or heroines even hope to take them down, especially when they're all decked out in that kind of armor? They're real heroes, no doubt.

It seems she noticed my unabashed gaze inspecting her body, and she smirked.

*Munyu,*

She lifted her bombastic breasts with her demon hands.

"Hohoouh, *cough*."

I tried to maintain my composure but she continued to fondle her own breasts.

*Squeeze, squish, squish!*

And not only that,

*rubs*,

She traced her exposed groin.

―― Kuuh! What a deadly attack!

Is this the power of a demon lord? My dick is about to explode!

"Fuhaha, hero, you seem captivated by my body. To think I would enchant the hero who came to defeat me....Now that's some taboo!"

Mmm, Onee-chan acts satisfied.

"Aren't you afraid of me, brave one? Are you more eager to take me than to be afraid of me?"

"Yes!"

The Hero Desmond chose "yes" with all his might.

"When it comes to if I'm afraid of you or not, I am. However, what's truly frightening is the allure of the demon queen that has driven me to this point!"

"Fuhaha." Onee-chan looked pleased. "Well, it can't be helped. Very well then, hero, submit to me! If you do, I'll let you do whatever you want with this body. Seduce me and impregnate me! Fuhaha! To think that the Demon Queen will get used by the hero, what else can it called if not breaking the rule? Fuhahaha!"

...I mean...it's kind of normal? I think this kind of plot is quite common. And what's with this all farce?..... but I think I sort of understood the concept.

In other words, Teresa considers this situation a taboo and wants me to impregnate her for that. That's why she prepared this so-called demon queen's castle play... How annoying.

Um um, while Onee-chan seemed delighted and cute, I was more irritated than anything else.

This...annoying forty-something-year-old ha-!

Boom!

The demon's claws grazed my cheek and shattered the wall behind me.

"Hmm, I think I sensed something unpleasant just now."

....

Should I lie down on my back and show my belly while naked?

――To be honest, I don't mind that at all.

But...

"Teresa!"

"What is it, Hero!?"

"I refuse!"

"You have no right to refuse!"

Ugh, this demon is too strong.

"Don't you... want to violate me? Want me to conceive your child?..."

Ugh, this demon is adorably troublesome.

But I can't ignore this unusual irritation I'm experiencing.

"I won't become yours, you'll become mine!"

"Deal!"

Immediate answer from Demon Lord.

"Hahaha, that's right, that's also breaking of rules. Well, perhaps it's even more so. You truly inherit the title of a breaker, um um."

――So, what's the point of this charade?

"Alright, Hero, I'll become yours, and you can violate and impregnate me as you please, and have me give birth as you please! Hahaha, what a delight!"

She's quite enthusiastic about it, this demon.

"So, how do you want to do it? Are you going to strip me right here? You monster, You're even worse than the Demon Lord. Fuhaha."

With great enthusiasm, Onee-chan started peeling off her demon exoskeleton and exposed her beautifully tanned skin, but still left the ones on her arms and legs on. She seemed to understand my preferences quite well.

If I don't take this opportunity to violate her now, it'll be a blow to my reputation as a Lord.

But.....

It's annoying, you know?

I've worked quite hard to impregnate her all this time. Of course, Charlotte-chan is my number one, but I want to love the other girls fairly too. Yet, I've prioritized her for impregnation.

For example...

"Darling, today I..."

"Sorry, Teresa is..."

*sulking*

It's unforgivable. This calls for severe punishment.

"Teresa."

"What is it, Hero Master?"

What do you mean Hero Master?

――Well, I won't nitpick anymore.

"In the name of Desmond, I command you to submit to me."

"I understand. Huh?" *――piiing!*

She said, "Eh?" and I responded with the same, "Eh?" Somehow, I thought I could do it, and it actually happened. Why? I shouldn't have been able to use that kind of magic, but somehow, in this 'worldline,' I felt like I could.

Wait, 'Worldline'? What am I...

"Fu~ohh..." Teresa's eyes sparkled. "Subjugation, it certainly does look like a subjugation spell. Evslave the Demon Lord, me. Fufufufu! Truly a breaker!"

Onee-chan was in a good mood.

But her definition of "breaker" has become even less clear. Isn't this pretty cliche? Or is it that I'm too corrupted...

Well, whatever.

Now, Teresa, shall we start punishment time?

――Gufufu

◇

"Oh my, Desmond-sama, you're getting so lively."

Phew...

Margaret-sama, who wrapped herself in Desmond's shirt, had a pleased look on her face, looking like she had done a good job.

She was in Desmond's bedroom, momentarily existing in a hypothetical state. Currently, time was frozen everywhere except within her palms. Well, that wasn't entirely accurate. In fact, the time within her plan which is "separated" from the outside world was moving at an incredibly fast speed.

However, everything within this simulated world is also a reality.

【Clap Your Fortune】

It is a technique to bring others into the simulated world accelerated by her skill <Three thousand realms in reach>. Those who are swallowed are forced to experience a simulated reality hypothetically for a moment, precisely the time it takes for a hand to be successfully clapped.

It is a supposition, imaginary.

Nevertheless, simulated reality that closely resembles reality could affect the body when the mind experiences something intense. Experiencing intense fear in this reality could even cause the physical body in the real world to turn gray.

"Did you have a good dream just now?"

In front of her, there were four naked figures, frozen as if time had stopped.

She, the 《witch》 who can predict the future in parallel worlds, smiled kindly.

"I hope this will help Teresa-chan get pregnant."

While mental experiences could influence the body, simply conceiving a child with it was impossible. Even if she got pregnant in a fake world, it would only result in an imaginary pregnancy in the real world. That's why...

"I'll make sure to give Teresa-chan a proper punishment to help her become pregnant. As a reward, I'll let Desmond-sama experience the fantasy that you've been wanting all this time. Ufufufufu."

The 《Witch》 smiled. her mesmerizing eyes and lips forming a twisted crescent moon.

――But, currently, there's no one here to see that demonic sight.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I order you, Teresa, to put your hands behind your head and lean back."

"Nuh!"

She followed the instructions.

She did as I said. Maybe she would've done it anyway if I'd just asked nicely, but there's a big difference between doing something willingly and doing it because I ordered it.

"Gufufu, you look great, Teresa."

"Ugh, why do I feel so weird and creepy?"

――It's normal.

I pondered, wondering what expression would grace her face if I said those words.

I walked towards Teresa with anticipation, my pants bulging with excitement, as we stood alone in the demon lord's chamber. It felt like a cheesy setup.

I stared intensely at her body.

――Yes, she had an amazing body that didn't seem like that of a woman in her forties. Her pink nipples stood out cutely on her well-developed breasts. The center between her spread legs was smooth and bare.

Splendid. Bravo, hurray!

"Kuh, I can't move... I've never felt anything like this before....."

She's an absolute force to be reckoned with, so it's normal that she's feeling strange about being ordered and restrained like this for the first time. Onee-sama had a frustrated look on her face. Well, I didn't realize I had these kinds of kink.

"Teresa, isn't this situation a violation for you?"

"...It is, but..."

I whispered softly as I moved my lips closer to Onee-sama's ear. "Feeling humiliated like this is quite normal, Teresa."

"Hyaaah❤"

I inserted my tongue into her ear, and she reacted interestingly, shuddering.

"H-Hey, Desmond, there are things I'm fine with because it's you, but there are also limits ❤❤."

Right back at you. I licked and circled her cute ear before moving my lips to her nipple without parting it from her body. I want to mark that she was mine."

Your nipples are so hard. Getting so aroused in a situation like this, that's quite a taboo."

"You think so?"

With a teasing smile, I sucked on her nipple.

*Lick, lick.* Hmm, her nipple is still as delicious as ever. And with each kiss, a lovely voice along with drool fell from her mouth. The taste of her sweaty skin was superb. I got lost in sucking on her nipples.

"Ah... Desmond....I don't know why, but being immobilized and dominated like this is.....so good. You're indeed a breaker."

Hmm, I think that's pretty typical too.

"That's right." I said while stroking her thighs. "Ah...❤"

Continuing, I swept over her hairless slit.

*Squish*

"Fyaaah... Nnn, Hiiuuu❤!"

"Does it feel good, Teresa? If it feels good, move your hips and rub against my fingers. Masturbate with my fingers."

"Ah, haah... Feels good... This is... wonderful... ohhh..."

With her hands clasped behind her head, big sister Teresa straddled my fingers and masturbated. You're going to blister my finger... ――Gufufu

"Ah, my clit... feels good... Haa, ohhh..."

She moved her hips provocatively in that obscene pose. *Plop, squelch* The lewd sounds echoed in the room, and I couldn't be more delighted.

Teresa's tanned skin flushed as she breathed heavily and masturbated. Alright, should I try putting it in?

*Squish❤*

"Fuhih! Ah, ngh... Desmond, you're tormenting me."

"You seem to be enjoying this violation, Onee-chan."

Her vaginal walls clenched my fingers tightly, *squeeze* ❤.

"Ah, ahh, more, I want you to call me Onee-chan..."

"Naughty onee-chan, I love you." I whispered in her ear.

"Ah, hii! ❤"

*Sploosh* Love nectar gushed out.

While still sucking on my fingers, she moved her hips.

Hmm, now that we're at it. *Sniff, sniff.*

"Do you like the scent of my armpits?"

"I love it, it's delightful."

"You sinful person❤! Ah, why is it even more arousing than usual? Being smelled like this... Ngh, don't lick! No, please lick it❤ Ahh, Desmond, you're breaking me❤."

In that case, ――Gufufu.

I ordered her to keep the same position and spread her slit while I watched and smelled her. Her lewd juices gushed out.

I had her spread her butt cheeks, imitating Katherine, sniffing, licking, and even inserting my tongue in. Finally, I latched onto her clit, sucked on her honeypot, and thrust my tongue in, making her hips writhe.

"Ohh... What is this, what is happening? Even though you do this all the time....♪ Ah, ku... Fuha, nnhaaah! I'm going to climax again... ❤"

In her obscene straddle position, she trembled and squirted.

"Fuhii... hoaa... ❤ Ku... something like this... I could usually endure, but... Ngh, nnuuuh! Isn't it about time? Desmond, insert your dick in, or you prefer me to suck it? It would be against the rule for me to enjoy it alone."

Again, pretty normal.

"I refuse. Now, pee."

"Fuhaha, sounds good. Of course, you should do it too. Peeing together is quite fun."

That was a very tempting invitation, but...

"No, just you."

I held her thighs up.

""There you go. Shh, shh."

"Hey, don't get carried away! Doing something like this to me..."

"This is also quite a violation, isn't it?"

I spoke the magic word.

"Kuu. Very well. Behold my urination!"

"As expected of Onee-sama."

"Nn, kuu..."

"So, let's spread your pussy wide open for a better view?"

"Kuu... you are a true breaker. You should not be allowed out in the society....."

Quit complaining! "But I'll only do this to Onee-chan, alright?"

"I see❤... nngh..."

"Ooh."

I felt her tense her abdomen. Then, from her pussy, which she had opened with her own fingers, came a stream...

*Drip, drip, drip...*

"Hoaa..."

Breathing heavily while being supported by me, it seemed that big sister was quite excited. I also felt like I was breaking a lot of taboos.

So, for the finishing touch...

I seated her on the Demon King's chair, spreading her legs in an "M" shape.

"Fuh... finally, you're going to insert it?"

"Yes, but before that..."

"Nnaah!"

Oh my, acting like a cat, are we? As I brought my nose closer to her recently urinated pussy, she made a cute sound. *Sniff, sniff*.

"Idiot, you idiot..."

"It smells good. Let's clean it up. *Chu, lick*... Your urine tastes salty, Teresa."

*Kuu, aah! Hiiin! idiot, you idiot!"

"Even as you say that, it's not just urine, there's something slippery mixed in there."

"Of course there is."

Naturally, as expected of ero elf.

But thinking this way, the true Breaker would be someone like Charlotte... She would probably happily accept the same things, I believe.

*Suck* "Mmm, delicious."

"You pervert."

"How about you? You're enjoying this, aren't you?"

While looking at Onee-sama, who seemed a bit teary-eyed, I unfastened my belt. Then, she moistened her lips, showing her arousal despite the initial resistance.

I exposed my throbbing cock, which was ready for action.

"Fua... ❤ The smell of your dick."

"You pervert!"

"What about you? Aren't you enjoying this, little brother?"

"Lick it."

"Yes, aaah..."

With my feet up on the throne's armrest, I brought my dick closer to her lips. bringing the tip of my meat to onee-chan's lips. I love it when she stretches out her tongue to greet me.

"*Lick, lick, slurp*.....uu, if you want me to lick you properly, bring it closer....."

With an upward glance, she played her part. I swayed my hips right at the edge of her reach, teasing her, inserting just the tip before pulling out. "*lick*, *suck* *suck*, hmmmm..."

Drool mixed with lewd juice spills out onto her dark tits.

"*plop*..... ah....."

Leaving the memorable mouth, I slide down, smearing my juice on her skin. I touch her labia and slide in.

"Kuhhhhhh...... Desmond...please hurry.....ooh."

I rub against it, resisting the urge to insert it immediately at the sound of her wistful voice. I touch her clit with the tip, insert just the tip, and pull it right out.

"Oh, you're so mean..... Ohhh, ravage and pour your seed into me already. Ohhh, I can't, I can't stand it, this, this....."

The demon king's chair shook.

――You're under my spell, right? What is this resistance.....*shudder*

Then, as you wish.

*Thrust... *

"Oh, aaah... You're... you're inserting, ahh... ❤"

"Kuu, Teresa, you are so tight. But it's so slippery, so wet..."

"Ah, ahh... I'm being slowly... invaded in, nn, ahh... ❤"

I slowly, slowly plowed her inner sanctum.

"Ahh, Desmond ❤ embrace me, please ❤ I want to wrap my legs around you and hug you..."

Onee-chan's eyes were now red, but deep within, I could see heart marks.

"Fah, ahh..."

She whimpered with a sweet voice, making me want to hold her without thinking. However, I had to be firm here...

"No, until you conceive, hugging is off-limits."

"What?! That's... this... Cuddling and sharing each other's warmth ... that's what sex is supposed to be! That's against the rules!"

Hmm, you have a point. You're a demon, after all.

However, her argument... Wouldn't doing it like a double violation? In this world, where eros is nonexistent, there is no lovemaking, only acts of procreation. So, if having sex is considered against the rules in the first place then....what an intriguing paradox.

"No, until you're pregnant."

"Unn, unn... ❤"

As I said that, I continued to move my hips. With my hands on the armrest, I'm not touching her except my cock. Ah, I'm almost about to climax.

"Not enough... this is not enough, it's so lonely... uuu, please cuddle me, Desmond! ❤"

Her eyes were now red with heart-shaped pupils. "Fuaa, aaah..."

While listening to her sweet voice and gazing into her eyes, my heart wavered. But here, I must remain strong.

"No."

"Demon!"

"Call me what you want. Fu-ha-ha-ha-ha!"

"Ah, nn... This kind of, this kind of forbidden act is... Ah, aah... ❤"

"Fufufu, your body doesn't lie, onee-chan. Your precious place is squeezing me so tight."

I'm in the role of the villain here.

*Squelch, squelch*.

"Faaan... this...If I become pregnant because of this forbidden act... haa ❤❤"

You're really into it, huh, onee-chan?

"Get pregnant, Teresa, let the seeds fill you."

I'm getting into it too.

"Ah, here it goes. I'm going to ejaculate. I'll ejaculate inside your womb. I'll leave it all inside."

"This...... I haven't come yet....."

"Sorry, but I'm afraid I'm the only one who gets to cum here. Oh, ohhhh, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming. Get pregnant, Teresa.

Still, I pushed deep inside, towards her innermost part, her cervix clung to me with a passionate embrace.

*splurt, splurt, twitch, twitch.*

"Ohh... I'm cumming, it feels good..."

"Kuu, I haven't finished yet.... Desmond...you demon."

Despite saying that, you're spreading your legs wide, onee-chan. Accepting my semen and squeezing me with your folds...and then.

""Oh, "" "I'm pregnant."

――Yeah, that's how it should be. After all the trouble you've caused me!

"Haha, hahaha, I'm pregnant, Desmond! your child! Mine and your child! Fuhahahaha!"

Looking at onee-sama, who had tears in the corners of her eyes and seemed genuinely happy, all those thoughts seemed unimportant.

"I command with a slave curse, Teresa, be released from my slave contract."

"Oh, ohhh!?"

As her limbs regained their freedom, she immediately...

――Pacman-ed me.

Ohhhh! Full-power 【Physical Enhancement】! Plus (sex)! Tsk, I'm going to be crushed!

"Fuhahahaha! Fuhahahaha!"

Onee-chan clung to me tightly and wouldn't let go. Oh no, I am suffocating...

My consciousness began to blur, I had no idea that this was not real. And in reality, she had not yet become pregnant. Little did I know that in the future, I would borrow a mysterious chain from my mother-in-law to bind her daughter and impregnate her once again.

I mean, I don't even know that this is a simulation.

"Fuhahahaha, I'm finally pregnant, fuhahahaha!"

Big sister squeezed me with all her might...

――I can't breathe...

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I feel like I had an incredible dream.

I woke up on a bench at the school, the sun shining warmly on me.

――Hmm? School?

"Oh, Desmond-san, sleeping in a place like this. Have you ever thought about how the bench feels, working for someone like you?"

A jolt ran down my spine as that voice hit me.

What's with this nostalgic yet piercing phrase that makes me want more? Moreover, this tone makes my heart race with excitement and scares me. This sound makes me feel not just younger, but it's like I'm a child again!

Inhale, exhale...

I take a deep breath.

"...what a waste of air."

I struggled to control my raging libido and slowly opened my eyes.

*Bam, bang, boom*!

A bolt of lightning shot from the top of my head to my toes.

Unbelievable, here it is!

"What's with that face? Pigeons are much better at making surprised faces than you are, you know?"

Charlotte, making a truly astonished expression. no, no, no, this is not right, if you look at her budding bosom pushing up the elegant school uniform and height, or if you use my keen observation skills regarding Charlotte, you'd realize she's fifteen years old.

It's not creepy! Okay!

Well, you can say it. In fact, I'd like her to scold me!

Her wavy platinum blonde hair softly rested on her school uniform, and her fair skin looked so sweet and probably tasted heavenly. Just by looking at her chubby cheeks, you can tell how soft they are. Her large emerald eyes shine with a dignified brilliance amidst the youthfulness. Her lips, like alluring flowers, deliver the fragrant smells, which I detect with full-power 【Physical Enhancement】.

Knee-length skirt! White socks! Black loafers!

It's a classy school uniform, to be sure, but when she wears it, it's as if blessed by a goddess, and has now reached the realm of a supreme divine artifact!

Perfect. Behold, the beautiful world.

Oh, I wonder if saying such a thing will make me wake up from this dream.

God had descended! No, he's dead! Oh, the Goddess has arrived!

"Why aren't you speaking up? It's rude to treat your senior this way. Can't you just say sorry? And your look, it's really disgusting..."

Oh! Please more!

"Huh, why are you trembling like that? Is it your heart? Are you feeling unwell?... Should we go to the nurse's office?"

So kind! and sweet like exquisite candy!

"What's with those looks? I-I'm not worried about you, okay! Hmph!"

Charlotte-chan (15 years old) turns away with a faint blush on her cheeks. Her wavy platinum blonde hair swayed softly.

Umm, this must be heaven. I finally made it, squished to by Onee-sama. Thank you, God, Onee-sama! Wait! Charlotte-chan just sit down next to me! I'm emitting heat like a human thermal power plant right now! She smells so good!!

"But really, what's the matter?" She tilted her head and peered at me. So cute! Time, please stop! "Even if you may be a worthless man, you are, after all, my fiancé, so you should act more dignified. Or,...... you can just quit if you want to. Since you've been mistreated so much... (Blush)"

Oh-ho-oh! Fiancé! Then it's legal, it's legal ah!

My overflowing libido and passion are bursting with heat!

But no, I need to cool down. I'm feeling curious about various things now, even though the information doesn't seem to add up.

"Haa, haa..."

"Why are you breathing so loudly... and your face... it's turning red?"

Suddenly, a cold and gentle hand with a nice fragrance touches my forehead.

――*snap*

"Kyaa! What are you doing, Desmond-san?" I unintentionally hugged Charlotte-chan.

Continuing to sniff her hair and gently patting her head, "Ah, Charlotte, my Charlotte, you're cute, so cute, I love you, I love you."

"Fu~ah, wh-what's gotten into you all of a sudden?" ❤

"I won't let you go. If you say you dislike me and want to leave, I'll stop. But if you don't hate it, just let me feel your warmth. Having you in my arms is what makes me happy."

"Fuwa~❤, that's just like a line from the latest volume... I can't believe it's happening... D-Desmond-sama... ❤" eh, is this like the 'easy-heroine' trope? or is it 'simple-heroine'?

Charlotte-chan, slowly but surely, reached her arm towards my back but then... "Ahem, please, Onee-sama and Desmond-san, consider the time and place."

"Eek!"

I was pushed away by Charlotte-chan. Ah, the scent and warmth of her leaving are painful.

But that voice just now...

Charlotte-chan blushed and adjusted her hair as if trying to cover it up. Ah, I want to mess up that hair on the bed.

Then, with a glance, I noticed Katherine-chan (13 years old) in a school uniform similar to Charlotte's. That means I'm 14. Desmond is going through puberty! Was my mind getting influenced by this body? Normally, I should be much cooler.

Katherine-chan tied up her reddish hair and wore a hair band instead of a white brim. She's such a beautiful girl, to think that she'll become that cold beauty in the future. Hmm, I'm not complaining.

"Even though you two are engaged, please be mindful of the people around you, thank you," Katherine-chan said.

"T-That's what Dejumon-shama..."

"What's with that way of speaking? Please use proper language. Besides, Charlotte-sama is not opposed to it, I saw that she even wants it herself. Being embraced by Desmond-san, your eyes become so vulgar ... it's indecent."

"Fuhyaaa..." Charlotte-chan blushed and shrank in on herself.

Ugh... Where's the camera?! Anyone in the audience with a camera, please step forward!

Not good, my blood pressure is skyrocketing, and it might burst. What in the world is this place... Thank you so much!

As I trembled with emotion, Katherine-chan casually took a seat next to me. Then, just as casually, she interlocked her arm with mine.

"...And isn't Katherine acting indecent too?"

"What do you mean? Unlike Onee-sama who couldn't be honest about her feelings until being hugged, I am an obedient and straightforward younger sister. I'm just showing my affection in a normal, and not indecent way."

"Gunununu..."

"Hmph."

Katherine-chan snickered with a triumphant look. I want to poke that smug face.

...But really, what is this? What kind of relationship is this?

And then,

"Hmm, it seems noisy over here..."

Wait, are you that Pe-something-san?! I'll skip describing your appearance because it's a hassle. I don't know his age, but he seems to be around the same age as us. He cast a quick glance at Charlotte and said,

"You nasty wench."

".....!"

I looked at Charlotte and she was biting her lip and clenching her fists.

"No, it's not true! Onee-sama is not nasty!"

Katherine-chan glared at Pe-something, standing tall. Behind the glaring Pe-something-san was a girl who looked like a pretentious person. I see, this must be the classic plot where that girl seduces Pe-something and he abandons Charlotte, she meets me, and now in some kind of "serves you right" scenario. Seriously, this guy...

"No, it's that woman who's to blame. She stole Desmond from me."

――What?

What's going on here?

Then, Pe-something turned his heated gaze toward me.

"Desmond, leave that woman and come back to me. I need you. Have you forgotten? The passionate days we spent together..."

――Ugh, his passionate, uh, gaze.....

No! I don't have that kind of memory!

"I-I didn't ask him to be with me! It was him who....."

"Grrr," Pe-something-san gritted his teeth.

"And besides, Desmond-sama denied that he had anything to do with you. It's all misunderstanding."

――What a Relief.

I know, right? I mean, I didn't do anything inappropriate with him, did I? Same goes for the opposite.

"Kuh..."

Seems like there's something bothering him. Pe-something bit his lip in frustration.

"Don't forget, Desmond is still mine."

He said it in such a confident tone as if saying that the Earth still keeps spinning.

As he turned to leave, Charlotte-chan turned towards me.

"I-I've been rejected by you so many times, but I keep coming back, and just a little while ago, uh, you hugged me so passionately... I mean, it's hard to say no to something like that, you know..."

Charlotte-chan's words made my heart feel like it was going to explode with her cuteness.

But did I really refuse her? I didn't feel like it was true at all.

"Onee-sama, you're quite popular with men. But I also....."

Katherine-chan clung to me tightly. Her still-growing breasts are pressed against me, and I, a gentleman by nature, am not aroused, but what a feeling.

"I will not give Desmond-sama away, even if it's Katherine!" And Charlotte-chan clings to me too.

"Even if it's Onee-sama, I won't lose!"

No, don't fight over me, please! ―― I mean...

What's going on here? And what kind of relationship is this? It's not adding up at all.

And then...

"Fuhahaha! It seems like there's a disturbance in discipline here! Violations are not allowed! Discipline Committee member, Teresa! is here!"

"Likewise, Discipline Committee member Schwarz! My breath will ignite those who disrupt discipline. Ga~oo!"

Two students in school uniforms struck a pose like a two-man power-r●nger team.

A disturbance. ――Well, they're not wrong.

"Second Onee-sama!"

Second sister? Then, who's the first...

"That would be me."

Mother-in-law!? Wait, where did you come from?

"Ufufu, it's a cameo appearance. Well, should we call it a mommy-o appearance?"

Mommy...wait, wasn't you the big Onee-sama just now?

"Don't sweat over some minor detail."

With that, she booped my nose, making me feel a little queasy.

"Desmond-sama?"

Fuming Charlotte-chan is so adorable!

"Kuh, student council president Onee-sama!" What, I thought your role there was board president or something! "But just you is not enough to stop us! Let's go, Schwarz, tr●nsform!"

"Aight!"

No, wait, you're not supposed to say "Aight." Isn't that a bit too much for Discipline Committee members? ―― That's a violation.

And Schwarz-chan transformed into a modern fighter aircraft. Weren't you a dragon? There's hiragana on your wings with poorly written characters that say "dochigon." You're mixing up "chi" and "ra"! you stupid dochigon! The fact that why are there hiragana is now been undermined.

As the two of them made some loud noise within the school grounds. Lurking in the shadows of the school building holding a camera was Ephemera-san. ――That's it. I can't keep up with this anymore...

Wait, a camera?! don't tell me there is porno in this world!?

Ugh, this is such a mess.

This won't do, it's like some kind of chaos field, the worst kind too.

I don't understand what's going on.

And the scenery passed by like fast-forwarding through a film reel.

"Ah-Desmond-sama..."

I pushed Charlotte-chan onto the bed.

――What? Why?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We were in the school dormitory.

For many reasons, I ended up hiding in Charlotte-chan's room. What reasons? I don't know either! Why do I have to protect my ass from that Pe***? What's the deal with this world?

Damn it!!

However, there were more than enough good things to make up for it. Studies with beautiful Charlotte-chan, accidentally dove into the disciplinary committee onee-sama's breasts during the sports festival, and even had the student council president mother-in-law throw herself at me while I was sleeping in the dorm. Is that a good thing? I guess it doesn't. Katherine voluntarily admitted that she's into an​​​​​​​​​​​mitochondriaа​​​​​​​​​​​is the powerhouse​​​of the celll. Well, that doesn't count either. Received many precious videos from Ephemera-san. And that dragon? She turned into a fighter jet, got wrecked, and is still under repair. What a tragic incident ―― But why?

But, those flickering memories of the school days are irrelevant now.

What matters is the present!

In a cliché situation, I somehow ended up running into the girls' dormitory while on the run. And I ended up taking refuge in her room. I could smell the fragrance that filled her room, and when I started chatting and teasing her because she looked so embarrassed, in the midst of all that, I tripped and ended up pushing her onto the bed.

On the bed, lying on her back, was fifteen-year-old Charlotte, dressed in her school uniform. Her wavy platinum blonde hair lay spread like a flower on the white sheets. Her white, smooth, plump cheeks were pale red, and her lips were half open as she let out a fragrant gasp. Her lips are half open as she breathes, and her big breasts, the biggest in the class, rise and fall beneath me.

Her large, emerald eyes, which could be compared to precious gems, glistened with moisture as they gazed at me with anticipation.

I said, but I was so mesmerized by her eyes that I couldn't back away. Is she really fifteen? But she's still Charlotte! My beloved Charlotte, my beloved wife! She's still my fiancée now.

――Is this legal?

It's all right. I am now a fourteen-year-old boy myself, as she is a beautiful girl. My body is a boy, but my desire is an adult! Wait, or is the libido of an adolescent boy stronger?

As we stared at each other, I could hear her breathing and my heart beating in tandem.

――gulp.

I could hear the sound of me swallowing saliva. I wonder if she finds it disgusting. Considering all the unpleasant things I've done until now? But still!

She looked at me gently and turned her head away...

――gulp.

Th-this is impossible to resist!

I gently grasped her chin.

"Mmm❤ Mmm❤"

I'm amazed, confused, and charmed by her awkward yet accepting response. I leaned over her body and tasted her young, overly sweet lips.

The taste is the same.

Her body is still that of a young girl, but the sensation, the taste, her reactions—everything is just like Charlotte. Well, of course, it is, but...

"Fu~ah, my second kiss..."

Guhhh!

Even though our tongues haven't touched yet, she reacts so shyly and dreamily! Your excitement is getting to me, my mind almost short-circuit! By the way, her first kiss was with me too. We accidentally touch lips when stumbling in the hallway. We couldn't look at each other for a whole week.

Thinking about it now, it's too sweet. I could die a million times over!

"So, um, can we have an adult kiss...?"

Ugh, even I find my question disgusting. In the midst of puberty, my mind and getting guided by my body. Then Charlotte, my future beloved wife...

She closed her eyes and pushed her lips out.

Oh no, I might explode before we even kiss!

"Charlotte!"

"Mmm, mmm❤"

I suck her lips as if devouring them. I tilted her head and devoured her lips, slipping my tongue inside.

Our tongues touched with a slick, electrifying sensation. It seemed she felt the same way, as she let out sweet moans as her body shook.

Our tongues intertwined smoothly.

"Mmm, Mmm, Mmm...❤ *Lick, lick*..."

We melted into each other.

Our lips stayed connected as I melted away. I believe she felt the same. We extended our tongues deeply, entwined with passionate affections. We sucked on each other's tongues, exchanging saliva, and before we knew it, Charlotte's arms wrapped around my back.

I want her to touch me.

I wrapped my arms around her back and pressed my weight against her. Her slender waist squirmed as our thighs touched. These clothes, these barriers, I didn't want this separation between us.

How long have we been like this?

"Pua..."

Our mouths were smeared with desire, and when we finally separated our lips, her eyes were filled with longing. I sucked on her neck.

"Charlotte, I love you Charlotte. I can't hold back anymore... I want to make you mine."

"Ahhh, ah... Desmond,-sama... Please, please be gentle with me. Make me yours... Ah...♪"

With a gentle kiss, I left a red mark on her on her exposed neck, which couldn't be concealed by a uniform. I unbuttoned her uniform slowly, "Ah, ah... I'm sorry, father, mother. I, I am becoming a woman today..."

Don't you think that that's too soon for a fifteen-year-old too soon to say that, and that didn't your mother is now the oldest sister? ――No need to think too much about it.

"Oh......"

I peeled off Chaloli's cute bra as she was shaking with embarrassment. Oooh..... my, knowing what these boobs will grow into....the sense of immorality is now marching at full speed. Though it is the size of an adult already, I am strongly conscious that this is still unripe.

But, but, I mustn't hesitate. I must harvest it now...

"Desmond-sama...? Um, is there something about my body that... doesn't please you?"

There's no way I wouldn't be pleased!

"Y-you're too beautiful. I-I wonder if I can..."

Charlotte-chan, who had looked anxious before, softened her expression slightly.

"Please have me. I don't want anyone but Desmond-sama."

Her cheeks blushed with embarrassment, and her sweet lips turned up in a sultry manner.

Fuhoooo, Fuhoooo!

"T-Thank you for the meal."

"P-Please enjoy?"

Uh oh, I feel like I'm about to nosebleed. Wait, haven't I been with many girls before? Still, this feels... intense. With a trembling breath, I brought my face closer to her smooth breasts.

"Haah... Mmm."

Her tits twitch at my breath, oh, the scent is getting stronger. I lightly nibbled on the soft flesh. "Mmm, these belong to Dejumon-shama~~~"

"Ah, ah, it's mine. all mine *Chu, lick*."

"Mmm..."

I used both hands to lift and caress her breasts from below, gently stroking them so that I could get to her heart. "Haah... ❤"

Ohhhh.....My spine shivers. My lower region feels like it's going to burst, my heart might explode. I meticulously massaged and sucked Charlotte-chan's berries, my fingers undoing the bra hook on her back.

Her adorable pink nipples stood erect, like naughty little pearls at the center of her areola.

"So beautiful, I can't take it anymore."

"I-I'm glad you like my body... but it's so embarrassing."

"You're so cute." I kissed the erect tip.

"Ah, my tip is sensitive... ❤"

"*Chu, chu, lick, lick*."

"Nh, nnng...Naugthy....naugthy Desmond-sama..... Yahn, ahn ❤"

Charlotte's breasts are too delicious, I can't stop sucking and licking. I continued to caress, roll, and suck. Her moans filled the room as she writhed in ecstasy.

"Ah, ah, Desmond-sama, that..... Nn, ah..."

As I caressed her waist and stroked her thighs, my fingers crept beneath her skirt. She realized what came next, a mix of confusion and hesitation, but still willing to accept me.

"Ha, haaan..."

"You're wet Charlotte."

"Yaaan..."

While clinging to my clothes, she shook her head. The sensuality was evident as I pushed aside her panties with a squelching sound.

"Fu ahh, nn... nngh..."

Despite her confusion, her voice was filled with neediness. When our eyes met, we both suck each other tongues. "Nn, nn, *slurp*..... nnng ❤"

Our tongues intertwined as I stealthily moved her panties down.

――Ohh, her pubic hair is so soft. And yet, it's wet... Ah, dangerous, my back is tingling. With this alone, I might...

At that moment, a sweet sensation surged through my lower region.

"C-Charlotte..."

"Desmond-sama, you're being naughty, only pleasuring me... I want to pleasure you too..."

Her fingers rubbed my pants. "It's so hard... It's so swollen..... I can tell it's very hot even through the pants... If something like this were to enter me, I..."

"Ah!"

"Is something wrong?"

"N-no, it's nothing..."

"Is that so... Nn, ah... Desmond-sama's fingers are touching my embarrassing place... Nn, ahhh~!... ❤"

I can't help it, I was about to cum. I need to make Charlotte-chan's vagina relax quickly and insert it... I might really explode in my pants!

"Nnn, ah, no, it's too soon, not there, don't play with it... nn-ah... ❤"

"Haa, haa." I headed lower with animalistic intent.

"Desmond-sama...? Ah! No, don't, don't look... ❤"

When I lifted her skirt, I saw a white fabric. But to see it soaked like that... I swallowed hard.

"Ah, Desmond-sama is going under the skirt of a girl❤! Pervert, pervert! ❤"

She said that, but her voice clearly revealed her pleasure. How lewd. Charlotte-chan was naturally skilled at this. "Fuuu, you're sniffing... you're sniffing ❤... Ah, on my panties❤, then sucking... licking... nnn... nnng ❤❤"

Her womanly scent was still fresh. She showed no intention of stopping this obscene act. I savored her panties, soaked with her nectar, then tasted her exposed pussy next. I licked, sucked, and devoured her innocent labia, and swollen clitoris, and delved my tongue into her vagina, savoring her love juices.

"Ahh, nooooo❤❤ Desmond-sama's tongue inside me ❤ Ahh, I'll repay you later, so be prepared... Ahh, ahhh, nnnn ❤❤"

Yes, I will thoroughly enjoy this.

But, well, with her so wet like this, maybe it's time for the next step.

With her juices all over my face, I lifted my head to meet her eyes. She looked flushed and limp. I exhaled hotly, and she softly spread her legs.

I exposed my lower half as if stripping myself bare.

"Fuah... it's so big, as expected."

I can't say there's no fear or anxiety in the gaze focused on my counterpart. But there's more than that—anticipation and desire.

Charlotte is Charlotte, after all, even in this world.

"I'm going to make of you, the one I love, mine and mine alone."

Already leaking with embarrassment, I positioned my throbbing rod at her entrance.

She must have felt my scorching heat.

"Hmmm."

She flinched, but then she lightly lifted her hips to make it easier for me to insert myself.

Whether it's instinct or...

"Here we go, Charlotte."

"P-please, Desmond-sama... nnahhh ❤❤❤"

I penetrate her all the way in.

*Plop*

With that, I experienced the first time again.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ngghhhh........."

"You okay, Charlotte?"

I took it. I took Charlotte's virginity! Overwhelmed with emotion to the point of tears, I felt the achievement of my first love, a sense of happiness. Though I shouldn't be a virgin, the feeling was so fresh and overwhelming, I felt like cumming deep inside her right now.

However, this is her "first time".

I can't let my desire drive my hips. Besides, we are currently engaged. It would be too much hope to cum inside her.

"Charlotte, you are crying...wait, did it hurt that much? I should have known that." Unfortunately, Ero elf's blessings seem to don't work in this world. ――Oops.

"Sorry, I'll pull it out right now...... ooooh!"

I tried to pull it out in a panic, but she wrapped her legs around my waist tightly. I'm so deep inside her, and this feeling of her cavity and the undulating ...... hey, wasn't Charlotte a virgin just now? This all too familiar feeling is haaaa......❤

And she's even bucking her hips....... ughhhh, cumming, cumming! But I need to hold back....... ――nooo.

Oh....... I cum, I cum....... And a huge amount of it. I immediately ejaculated into Chaloli, a beautiful fifteen-year-old girl who gave me her virginity...

It feels so, so good.......

No, no, I can't do this. We're still students.......

I thought.

"Uhi, ha, Dejumond-shama, I've given myself to Dejumond-shama, as a virgin... ❤ I-I'm cumming... Fuah, Nn, ovulating, I'm ovulating! This is too easy for an ero elf... Ah, Aah, good, fertilize.. to get immediately fertilized after losing my virginity... Fwaaaah, ohhh ❤ With this, one of my dreams has come true❤❤ Ah, Ahi, Aha, Uhihufufufu... ❤ I truly belong to you now... ❤"

――Oi, Is Charlotte.....?

Y-You are――

"Fifteen years old physically, twenty-nine years old mentally. I am Charlotte, your erotic wife!"

She tightened her leg lock!

Surely, if her hands were free, she would have made a peace sign and peeked through the gaps with sparkling☆.

You are the best.

"I am honored by your praise........I'm just fifteen years old and now I'm pregnant with your child❤❤"

Oh man, I cum instantly. How about let's pull our own weight for a minute, this twenty-nine-year-old. Even if her mind is twenty-nine years old, she's still a "child".

"Haaah, I'm so excited, I don't want to wake up from such a wonderful dream.

She shakes the bed and undulates her hips as she clings to me.

"Hey, hey, hey, calm down, Charlotte!"

*Snap, smooch❤*

And I closed her lips with my lips.

"Mmmmuuuuuu~......"

Oh no, she's not just a child, she transformed into a beast. Beastification! I have no idea what's going on anymore.

But, calm down, I'm a good boy. I'm very happy that I got her virginity and got a fifteen-year-old student pregnant, but let's calm down first, stay, stay.

"Mmmmmmmmmm......"

As I continued to soothe her with my tongue, she seemed to be able to calm down a bit, although her hips were still shaking. Through our "heart communication". Her feeling from everything just a while ago was now leaking out. How happy she was to give her virginity to me.

――Oh no, I'm so embarrassed.

"Hiiiii! I messed up!"

"Gufufu, Charlotte really loves me a lot."

"T-That's not for Desmond-sama to talk. Y-you also loves me too much..."

"Of course!"

"Hyaa, ahh... your 'little soldier,' Inside me is... Ah, it feels... Ahh..."

――Oh, she's so cute and cuddly.

I stroked the head of this fifteen-year-old girl in body, but mentally twenty-nine years old.

"I'm already...how unfair" I was itching to feel that strong emotion. I think I could ejaculate sugar from my dick now.

"If that's the case, I'll only eat that sugar from now on......"

I'll stop!

That being said,

"Charlotte, you said earlier that this was a dream?"

"Yes, unfortunately......."

Cute.

"Don't worry, I've received Charlotte's virginity well and truly."

"...... thank you very much......"

――I'm going to drown in sugar and the stream of emotions.

"Ahh! artificial respiration! you need artificial respiration now! Fuu!"

And my beloved wife, who has been tongue-tied with my lips together for a long time, breathes in.

"This is the only air I will breathe all the time from now on"

This is the definition of air wife![1] Just kidding.

".................."

Damn it! Her cold emotions are flowing into me directly! But I can sense that it's not serious.

Let's get back to the story. I start to buck my hips.

"Nnfuu ❤ That's right. It's the work of my mother. 【Clap Your Fortune】. Simply put, if you're not careful, the dreams might have an effect on reality."

Where in the world is she, evi●l eye-user?

"So, we are now in my mother's palm."

Oops, it seems it wasn't an evi●l eye, but Buddha apparently.

――I'm not sure what to make of that!

"Ah...so this is Desmond-sama's fourteen-year-old dick... Well, it's indeed a scary trick, but we can safely indulge in our youthful passion here. Desmond-sama is really a young boy now, isn't he? I was impregnated by such a young boy... Ah... how sinful ❤"

Charlotte Senpai undulates her hips and enjoys my teenage dick. By the way, the reason why our conversation is always with "heart communication" is because we keep pressing our lips together and licking each other.

"Fuu! Fuhoo! Senpai, that's right, I'm Desmond-sama's senpai now...Which one is better.....impregnated by a junior...or a mischievous senior ate a junior? No, no, onee-chan, please call me onee-chan, Desmond-sama! "

――the pressure is strong.

But,

"o...onee-chan, your pussy is eating my dick......."

"Fuuwa, I'm getting a nosebleed❤"

I rock my hips even more.

"Onee-chan, naughty onee-chan who got pregnant with little brother's seed, I want to cum inside you."

"I'm ready! Oh, this onee-chan can't have enough of cum from her little brother's dick, I'll take it deep inside! Aaaah, aaan, but I'm about to cum, little brother Desmond's dick feels so good...nah, aaan ❤❤! "

My wife is in a groove.

Come to think of it, yeah, Charlotte did like romance stories. And now if we combine all of those scenarios altogether, I'll trigger many of her switches...and for her, these kinds of situations were undoubtedly her favorite. She had been inclined that way for a while.

"Is it... alright, for me to be on top? W-would you like me to take the lead?"

"Please, onee-chan, I beg you!"

"Leave it to this onee-chan!"

We were changing positions while still connected in a fluid, all too natural motion. If there was a sex combination competition, we would definitely win!

The fifteen-year-old sister Charloli Senior straddled me, a fourteen-year-old boy.

"Fufu, How come Desmond? Your cock is so hard in my vagina."

Ah, this is bad, she called me without honorifics. And of course, she's a noble daughter. She's perfect at using the appropriate tone for each situation. My back is shivering, I want her to squeeze me just like this.

"Oh, you look so pathetic. You impregnated me, so please be more regal. Is it only your penis that is worthy?"

Charloli onee-chan spread her legs wide open and expertly swayed her hips.

――Damn, it's becoming addictive!

And the frothy white cum is now pink with some red mixed in........

"Wow, it really...... My blood and Desmond-sama's semen are making it pink...... ❤ ―― what a naughty little brother❤ Trying to dick your own sister and impregnate me even if this is our first time!...... Hmmm, I decided it. I'm going to make you take responsibility for impregnating me."

My cock then gets swallowed by her flesh with an obscene sound.

Kuhhh, yes, yes, this is it, this is Charlotte's vagina....the way it's tightens and undulates ....... ah, it feels so good.......

"Whew!"

"Nipples, they feel so good, don't they?"

She pinched at my nipples. Not only that, but she begins to flick and lick it, as she leans closer, her unripe fruit is hanging. Those teasing, emerald eyes!

I continue to act.

"It-It's you who attacked me out of nowhere!"

"Don't be so silly. You were making a face like you wanted it. *Chu*❤ Fufu, you're so cute. Everything about you is now mine――Mine❤"

Ohhhh, I've surrendered♪

"If you surrender, then open your mouth."

"Y-yes......"

"Ah.......next, swallow my spit."

"*Gulp*."

"Mmmm, you really swallowed it. And your dick is getting harder ❤ pervert ❤"

Please scold me more, please!

I thrust my hips up.

"Haaaan!" Charlotte-sama bends over, causing her breasts to shake."...Fufu, for the troublemaker like you, punishment is in order ❤"

Hmmm, truly the upper echelon of hospitality, huh? (only for some people)

"Please, Charlotte onee-chan, please."

Saying that, I grabbed her hips and thrust my hips up in a small thrust.

"Ah, ah, yaaan ❤ no ❤ I can't maintain my dignity as an older sister like this ❤ Ah, ahhaaann ❤❤"

Charlotte onee-chan moved her hips up and down. Splashes of slutty fluid mingled and I can see my cum sloshing out of her young hole.

Oh, oh, my. Wow, Charlotte...... what a great wife!

I pushed my hips up, losing myself.

"Haaaaahhhh, Des, Deshumon-shamaaa ❤ ❤ ❤"

What a nice voice.

"Oh...... Charlotte oh......."

*plap* *plap* *splash* *splash*❤!

"Hmmmmmmm ~~~~❤❤❤❤❤"

We were truly a pair of animals, a pair of male and female.

"Uh ooooooh!"

*spluuuuurt*!

"Ahhhh, ahhhhhhhhh ~~~~❤❤❤❤"

She tightens me up and takes it all in. I'm so happy to be able to do this. ――Ohhhhhh...... I can't stop cumming.......Everything is sucked out of me........ "Oh......."

"Oh........ oh....... oh......❤"

Charlotte was twitching with a disheveled, ecstatic look, her hole that swallowed my pulsating meat rod was in full view. ――Ummm, how wonderful it is to see your wife satisfied with sex. ――Ummm, I guess the secret of making a harem is how capable you can satisfy your women.

"Mmmmmm......"

Charlotte fell into me. Then she hugged me and rubbed her cheek against mine. The cheek of my soft, fifteen-year-old wife. I wish I could have spent my youth like this! ――Well, for now, having her is the most important.

"Oh my, Desmond-sama... Well, I'll forgive you just a little for thinking about another woman earlier."

If that's only a little, I wondered how much I had to say sorry before she would fully forgive me. While thinking that, I pounded the glans into her uterus.

"Oh my........ if you're that sorry, I'll never be able to blame you........ fuuu.......❤"

And she blew her breath into my ear.

*Shivers*.....❤

Our flirting never stops.

"Fufufu, Desmond-sama."

"What is it, Charlotte?"

"I love you."

"I love you too."

"I love you more."

"No, it's me."

"Ufufu."

She, smiling like a lovely little bird, pecked my lips. I pecked back, and we continued filtering without noticing that people were gathering around us due to the loud voices we made.

——It does not last.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Uwaaaaah! aaaaaah!"

There is a dragon....fighter jet dragon in the room!

Onee-sama becomes the Demon Lord, and the Great Demon Lord unleashes chaos in the palace! Grandpa unleashed his ultimate f●ngs, and Monica inherited it! And it turns out that The mastermind behind that Pe-something guy who's after my ass is that all-thing-ass-obsessed half-sister! Ephemera never stop recording the whole thing, Sophie is the dorm mother, Liz is the chairperson, mother-in-law, in a daring outfit, presses the world termination button, and my ass, my ass, aaaaah!

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

"Did you have a good dream just now?"

Before me stood my stepmother, her hands clasped in a reverent gesture.

――In a prayer-like pose.

She gazed at me with her big, emerald eyes.

"Haa, haa... a dream...?"

"...I see, a dream. Yes, yes, that's right!"

You know what happened after I took Charlotte's virginity? You know how they say happiness and sadness always find a way to even things out? Something like that happened after. Can't really put it any other way. I really want to forget that scary dream quickly! But I'll definitely remember the good times.

And."

Uwaaaaaaa! Nothing there. My womb is empty!"

"Kyaaaah! Desmond-sama, we still have one more child to go!"

"The one doing the thrusting isn't so bad either..."

"Camera... such a convenient tool..."

Each person had their own stance—well, including the stealthy Desmond, it was four distinct stances, after all. Nonetheless, I could hear the voices of my girls, snug in my mother-in-law's care.

Three individuals, three varieties—or rather, four if we include the one who was lurking in the shadows—each had their own reactions. They were my girls, they were also in the palm of my dear mother-in-law, and I could hear the voices of each one.

I hope one of them in particular can shake off that memory and feeling real quick.

The four of us were back in the waking world, sort of tangled up (well, actually five of us now, with one dragged out from the shadows).

Everyone is stark naked.

――and the mother-in-law, too.

When did you take off your clothes? Explain yourself! and before that, put on your clothes!

"Ah, Desmond-sama's eyes are so naughty♪"

She hides her big tits that brought up Charlotte and Teresa.

Don't push yourself too hard. You old lady.

Do you really think you're at that age to say such things?

"Mother, Desmond-sama is—!"

"I'm sorry, please stop, forgive me, Charlotte-sama, I'll do anything!"

"—Anything?"

"...Huh?"

Let's put this aside, this is not important right now, whether she meant it or not.

"Do you really think you can just leave this aside?"

"...Please, don't be too hard on me."

"I'll be gentle♪"

Well, if my wife is happy, then that's okay. Charlotte-chan having fun is really cute.

Looking around, I saw Teresa with teary eyes. Her tan skin made her large, captivating emerald eyes stand out even more. The straight platinum blonde hair was incredibly, incredibly beautiful.

——It wasn't just a little, it was heart-fluttering.

"Desmond.....there's nothing in my womb.....you hear me? I'll rip it out for you to see if you want."

"Stop it! No one wants that kind of freak show!

"Then bury me, fill me with your seed..... impregnate me..... give me your child....."

The older sister clung to me, throwing a tantrum.

Huh? Was this older sister always this weak and adorable?

{{I must admit, I'm quite shocked too}} , said the younger sister.

{{So, will you two bully her then?}}

Mm, that's right, we must bully her and impregnate her――.....

{{{{.....—Huh!?}}}} Charlotte and I inadvertently exchanged glances. Because...

{{My my, don't worry, I won't peek if you two are having fun in your little world.}}

{{{{.....!!}}}}

N-n-n-n-n-n-n-no way!

{{Come to think of it, Desmond-sama, earlier you said something about me being ol—...}}

Kyaaa!! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'll do anything... {{Desmond-sama, please, no more about this.}}

My dearest wife stopped me. Thank you, Charlotte. I'm hopeless without you. {{But still, I'm still waiting for what you promised earlier.}}

{{.....}}

Setting aside the cunning 29-year-old, it seems my mother-in-law has become capable of {{heart communication}} with us. However, it's not quite like the intimate connection Charlotte and I share. it seems if we reject, she can only throw her voice at us, a simplified version where they don't have complete insight into our minds...

——Why all of a sudden!? Ero elf? Is this the power of Ero elf!?

"Well, now that the show is over, it's time for you to impregnate Teresa."

And Margaret-sama playfully clapping her hands. Well, is such a reaction appropriate? After all, it's an event to bear one's own eldest daughter. However, it might be okay. Because it's Teresa.

In the midst of our lovey-dovey {{heart communication}}, Margaret-sama abruptly cut off Teresa. And then...

*Squish squish squish... squish...*

She pushes her bare breasts together with her arms, and then pulls a {{mysterious chain}} out from her cleavage.

...Is that some kind of skill belonging to the women of the terrace? Moreover, that indescribable chain-like thing emits a disturbing aura that seems to erode SAN points just by looking at it. However, the "chicken-sense" doesn't react to it, it seems this skill has forgotten its purpose.

—Unfathomable.

And then my mother-in-law handed me the chain. ――mama's bare-chested! The cuteness of those tips that raised two daughters, it is truly magical and active!

"Now, it's best to tie up Teresa-chan. Dreams must be fulfilled until the end."

And I wonder who showed her that dream? Despite thinking this, my thoughts cannot reach her. No, it could probably reach her if I tried, but I have absolutely no intention of opening up a {{heart communication}} towards my mother-in-law. This is strictly Charlotte's and my world. Even though she can reach us one-way from her end...

"Ho, ho, ho..... s-so you're going to tie me up and then do it with me just to impregnate me..... ho, ho, ho....."

――Eh, the breaker sister? That's true, tying her up is quite a taboo, but having sex with the sole purpose of impregnation is normal in this world. But with tying her up like that...

What precepts are out of the norms?

But I had no intention of engaging in such philosophical thinking.

With a clank, we worked together to tie Teresa to the bed. And during that, Katherine was breathing heavily.

{Me next, Me next, Me next.}

I'm pretty sure that the passionate voice I heard wasn't just my imagination.

"Oh my, oh my, oh my, this is quite..."

The mother-in-law smiled warmly, placing her hand on her cheek as she looked at the indecent sight of her eldest daughter, who was now almost in her forties whom she had given birth to. She was also naked. She has a girlish yet voluptuous body, and she looks so young she could be considered Charlotte's younger sister.

Her large, magnificent emerald eyes glistened seductively, her delicate cheeks resembling white silk flushed with a charming shade of crimson. Her lips, like blossoms, released gentle, hot, and sweetly melting sighs.

――I know I shouldn't, but I can't help but get an erection.

The tip of the milk tank that nurtured Charlotte and Teresa is now plump, adorable bud, pink and swollen, and beyond her thick, platinum blonde hair that concealed dreams and hopes of all men, is a modestly closed slit.

I can't believe she has such an innocent-looking pussy!

{{.....}}

It's unsettling to see my wife, who typically responds with playful 'hoo' and 'huh' to my comments, now being completely silent.

But when the mother-in-law lies next to her own daughter, who is chained to the bed, I, being an idiot, can't help but be drawn to her. Because Teresa not only tied up her arms and legs but also in a way that emphasizes her big boobs.....

"Hah, hah..... Desmond's nasty look is crawling on my skin. Damn..... these chains..... I can't move, they block my power, they make me a weak woman....."

"Hmm, that's the way you like it, isn't it? Teresa, the Breaker❤.

"Hihhhhh ❤"

"Fufu, these nipples seem to be very sensitive. How much did Desmond-sama playing with it?"

"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, yes, he's been teasing me, yup, totally messed with. By Desmond, no less. Fuhahaha..."

Um, is it a valid point to say that I'm the one who got teased?

Her eyes, were like big, beautiful emeralds, and her glossy, tan complexion of stunning beauty. Her lips resembling plump flower petals quivered with a sense of sensuality and spread around her tan body were are platinum blonde hair. A pair of big breasts that rival her mother, tight waist, and clean bare pussy.

"Fuhahaha, Desmond, your dick must be eager to seed me. You've got some nasty juice dripping from the tip of your dick.....! Fuha, fuhahahahaha♪"

She is tied up, Onee-sama is so happy and excited to see the evil cock that is about to invade her. She's now excited. ――I mean...It's her own mother who is playing with her nipples right now. Is that a look parents should have when looking at their own daughter?

Incredible, incredible. It's absolutely incredible...!

"The one who's absolutely incredible is you, Desmond-sama."

And the next actor enters the stage.

On the left side of her is a mother-in-law who is playing with her own daughter's brown boobs, pressing her huge breasts that raise her against her side. Her slit was gently caressed. Teresa cries out in a sweet voice like "Ah" or "Nmph" or "Mother, no...aaan...❤" My cock can't stop twitching. Charlotte, on the other hand, snuggles up her older sister on the right side. ――

I am so excited,

Pressing against the pink tip of my erect penis, her white folds began to twitch.

Her large, jewel-like emerald eyes are so bewitching that provoke me to the point of insanity. Her pretty flowery lips are soft and relaxed, and her wavy platinum-blonde hair flows down her white, voluptuous body.

And then,

With a natural, all too natural motion, she gets up on her knees, and with two fingers, she starts to....

*spread*

Underneath the platinum blonde bush, the pink petals are lewdly spilling out nectar that makes me want to dine on it.

――T-t-t-this is, no way, t-t-t-the legendary.....

From right to left.

The wife.

Wife's sister tied up.

Wife's mother.

.....

.....

.....!

Shimaidon, plus oyakodon, in other words, an all-you-can-eat terrace family special! ――Also the half-sisters, too. Katherine is standing behind me. She is completely naked and only wearing a white brim! Oh, and EPHEMERA is also waiting behind me, naked.

――I'm shaking the bone!

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, this is no good, as expected, I shouldn't put my hands on my wife's mother... and Charlotte wouldn't it... "It's fine."

"――Fu~eh?"

I'm making a totally inappropriate sound for a 28-year-old guy.

But Charlotte was serious, look at me with her erotic eyes."

It's good. It was thanks to my mother that I was able to give my virginity to Desmond-sama. Therefore, I wish good things for my mother too..."

Okay, I accept!

I'm sorry!

――Wait, wait, wait ,wait what about papan. "My father would be pleased to agree, especially if Desmond-sama can satisfy my mother. He might even suggest you have a child with her..... It is true that he cares for her, but the reality is he is no longer devoted. If there's no love, then that can't be helped. The control lies with Mother after all. Moreover, it is Katherine's mother that Father is clearly in love with.

.....

――scary.

The scariest part is how casually my mother-in-law mentions it, pretending to be Charlotte! ―― but, um... I see, is that how it is?

And nobody objects.

Alright then...?

"Desmond-sama."

Lady Margaret extended her hand to me as I hesitated. The same hand that had shown us both a divine yet cruel dream just moments ago.

She made it twist and turn enticingly, adding to its allure.

"Please. Don't you want to have me?"

The enchanting invitation of the bewitching witch. Following Lady Margaret's lead, the two daughters also beckoned us. However, Teresa, bound by chains, seemed to be just signaling 'come closer.'

The eerie gleam of those three pairs of eyes. A multitude of eyes resembling large, magnificent emeralds.

――Ah, indeed.

Jewels drive women to madness.

Women drive men crazy.

One cannot escape from this bewitching and beautiful scene.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

――But first, I guess, I'll have to start with Teresa.

I put my hand on my throbbing meat rod and impatiently push the tip against her. She was bound and spread wide open, wanting me to seed her. When the tip touches against her, our lewd fluids sensually mix, creating an indecent sensation.

"Huff, Desmond, don't tease, p-please, put it in quickly..."

The once delicate and cute older sister now wiggles her hips weakly and pleadingly. However,

If she were really normally this weak, we wouldn't deliberately tie her up with chains, especially with the effect of suppressing her power. It's not just a toy for play——it's a genuine sealing device. I'm not going to even think about why Margaret had such a thing in her possession, and why it was stored in her f●ur-dimentional titties.

I began to tease the plump, swollen bud of Onee-sama's pussy. I rubbed my juice on her, marking her while enjoying the sensation.

"Ahh, ah, hihi♪ Ohh... this feeling.....my womb.....is so much more than usual... ❤ This sensation of being played with, yess... ahh... ❤"

"Oh, oh, oh, oh....."

The swollen tip pushes her open, and her opening clamps down on me greedily, wanting to swallow more and more of me. I bucked my hips, teasing her tight entrance, aware that I was pouring my own pre-cum into her vagina.

"Ahh... Desmond..." ――Mmm mmm, her sweet voice and that expression were beyond just 'feel good'. "Nngh, ahh, nngh ❤"

Teresa's hips buckled unintentionally.

Her breast was being teased on from both sides by her own mother and sister. They were both sucking on her, twisting their tongues around Teresa's pink erect nipples as if they were both trying to bewitch me.

"Nnukh, Desmond, you're throbbing and swelling in me, Pl-please, just like that, deeper... even deeper..."

She welcomes me in her pussy with a shudder. However, if I responded to her order here, she probably wouldn't get knocked up. But as for me, I would like to continue to plunge in and have my onee-sama wrap me up to the root.

"Then why don't you do just that?"

If my wife says so..... I go slowly, gently...

"Fah, Ahi, I♪..... Oo, Desmond pushes me open..... he's finally in my pussy.....❤"

Ugh, her pussy is so tight. In addition, her folds are squirming, and her love juices are so slippery. I penetrate deep inside, and my hip bones quiver with the sweet sensation. The descending uterus sucks at my head as if it were spoiling me, *chu, chu❤* Damn, I want to shower her with baby batter just like that. ――But I need to hold back.

"Hah, hah, Des, Desmond oh.....❤"

Her flirtatious voice shudders. Teresa shakes her own hips to get some friction. But this would not be enough at all. I stay still just like that.

"Yaaan ❤"

I reached my finger to Charlotte's vagina, as she was playing with herself. I play with the bush, which her sister doesn't have, and then I lightly push the slit open and trace up it. ――Mmmmmm, it's so pretty.

❤*slip*❤.

"Mmmm, haaaaan....."

The hole welcomed me with a tight squeeze. I wriggle my fingers to beckon her to let me go deeper and feel the sensuality of my beloved wife's vagina with my fingers.

"Des-mond-sama, here too."

Margaret, who gave birth to these two daughters, was on the other side, spreading her legs to show off the hole that her two daughters once passed. The tightly shut, maidenly hole, like a little girl's. It was hard to believe that these two had passed through there. It was lightly framed by platinum-blonde hair,

――*twitch*❤ *twitch*❤

.....Yeah, it's okay, right? I can touch her too.

I tentatively reach out my fingers, fearfully...

"Hurry and touch my p×ssy already."

In the midst of my internal turmoil, she reached me with her mind, her hands reaching out, and I was led by her.

*Tsun*...

"Fua... Fufu, oh my, oh my..."

Wait, could it be...? In response to Margaret-sama's reaction, I...

*rub* *rub*

I was so soft and gentle.....

"Mm.... Ugh, fufufu..." Even though she laughed, I can feel it. It's just an act! The witch trying to pull her hips away.

Ho, ho, ho oh-oh..... ――Gufufu.

"Mm, wait, Desmond-sama? What's with that look in your eyes—Mm..."

I put my palm back down and ruffled the frizzy pubic hair while attacking the slit with my middle finger. I pinched the pubic mound between my fingers.

"Mmm... Mmm... This is... the first time... Nn..."

――Gufufu. Oh, Madam, you provoked me so much, but when it comes time to the real thing, this is all you got? I mean, this reaction means that she seemed to be aware of Eros, but she didn't really know about it. Quite literally, she's just an 'old ear' filled with knowledge and nothing more....

Geez!

"Pfft!"

Ops, I let it out under the stern gaze of my mother-in-law. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'll just focus on enjoying her reaction without thinking about unnecessary things and making her feel good.

"Ah, ugh..." Lady Margaret's delicate eyebrows twitched slightly.

While drenching her pubic hair, I gently massage her clitoris with the palm of my hand as if to nurture it. I relentlessly repeat the naughty caress, rubbing the mons and spreading her slit open.

No matter how scary she may be, her body is that of an honest maiden. This is the opinion of the lord who has awakened many girls to eroticism so far.

"H-Hey... d-dont trea-treat me like a girl..."

"Gufufu, now, let me hear that sweet voice, Margaret-sama."

"Aaah... ❤"

The sensitivity, reaction, and response are all extremely sharp for a girl. As expected of an Ero elf, truly the mother who birthed Charlotte-chan and her sister.

"You are getting wet. The juices are flowing out of you, Margaret-sama."

I pushed it in a deliberate way to make a sound.

*squish* *squish*

"Aaah... Desmond-sama, you are quite naughty. It's embarrassing to think this sound is coming from me... Haaan ❤"

And when I pushed to make the sound more intense, I could clearly see that her clitoris was swollen. She looked a lot like Charlotte - and depending on how you looked at her, she could even be Charlotte's younger sister. She was so youthful and beautiful. Her eyebrows now furrowed, and she could not close her lips as she gasped air, drooling.

"Oh, my, this is――Desmond is swelling up inside..... he's playing with my mother's pussy and getting harder in my vagina."

Um, this sure sounds like out of the norm.

"Oh..... you're getting off in my pussy even though you're not moving..... Don't act like I'm just your cock sleeve❤."

"Yes, my precious third wife. what a tight fit..... You look lovely, Teresa."

""Teresa (onee-sama) is getting embarrassed""

Onee-sama's vagina tightens with the double accusations from her mother and sister. ――Um, very, very cute.

And so I sink my fingers into my mother-in-law's vagina.

"Eek... Ah, nn..."

Mama tries to hold back her moan that came out unintentionally. Because if she let out indecent sounds here, it'll be heard by her two daughters, whom she has given birth to. However, since she had heard their wild moaning for so long, it would be unfair if I failed to make her cry too.

*Slosh, squelch, squelch*.

"Nn fuu, n, nn uu... Desmond-sama, you're so mean... Nn, nn uu... ❤"

Wow, she is definitely an Ero elf. It was her first time and her vagina is this wet already. Or is it that even though it was her first time experiencing eroticism firsthand, she's warming herself up to it from all the peeping?

"Ah, ah, nah... nfuuuu.." Even though she was shy, Margaret's hips were wriggling in search of pleasure.

Oh my, her nipples and clitoris are so erect. Oh my, oh my, gufufu~

The vagina walls where Charlotte and Teresa were once passed through are now disturbed again as if going back in time. Mother-in-law makes a shy and troubled sound and makes a face that looks a lot like Charlotte's, moaning in ecstasy.

I toyed with Margaret and Charlotte with my fingers,

"Uuuuu, Desmond's dick has been twitching inside me for a while now...I know you're excited, so move, please move. I'm so lonely... "

Teresa Onee-chan moved her hips in a sinuous motion. ――Hmm, how typical of her. I wouldn't hesitate to respond to her and grind our desires together, shaking our hips, but not now. My restraint is about to snap any moment now, but ―I must endure.

After all, normal lovemaking sex will not impregnate her.

Yes, she was the kind of person who would not be impregnated when it's just sex for the sake of making a baby, like inserting it in and then jerking it off inside her. But when I consider that this is in fact the "normal" kind of baby-making method in this world, I find myself in a labyrinth of thoughts about what is unusual and what is usual, so let's not think about it any further.

For now, let's just continue,

Aaahhhh ❤ Dejumond-shaamaa ❤ here here ❤❤ don't~~❤ shoo goood❤❤❤❤~~~~❤❤❤❤❤"

"Nnfu, aahhh, this feels so good, uwaaah ❤ Nn, aaaaahh ❤ To think that you two ❤, keeping this from Mother ❤ Teresa-chan and Charlotte-chan are such naughty girls... haaah ❤❤ Ah, James-sama wouldn't be able to make me feel like this~ ❤❤❤"

No, aren't you the naughtiest mama of all? Well, never mind, if she really want it...

*squish* *squish*

*slosh* *slosh*

""Haaaaaaaaahhhh~~~~~❤❤❤""

Mother and daughter's charming harmony. What a luxurious note. ――Gufufu.

Honestly, I wanted to do everything in my power to avoid thinking about any consequences of what will happen if this mama was fully awakened to eroticism, but for now, while listening to the harmony of mother and daughter's charming voices, I will enjoy the pleasure of using onee-sama's pussy as my cock warmer.

――Gufufufufu.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahh, ngh, haah, aaaaahhhh~❤❤"

In my bedroom, the lascivious cries, echoes of pleasure of a beautiful woman resounded

*Plap, Plap, squelch, squelch,* the indecent sounds played as our flesh and fluids mingled.

Charlotte was on her back and I was on top of her, bucking my hips away. She opened her legs to accept me, wrapping her arms tightly around my back and her charming voice, pouring it into my ears. Our cheeks were pressed together. Our sweaty skin rubbed against each other, and the scent of a woman's arousal, particularly that of my beloved woman, sweetly tempted my rational mind.

"Oh, ah, ahh ❤ Desmond, you're really passionate... ❤" Charlotte gasped and moved her hips to match my pace with a lot of enthusiasm. "Ah ❤ So deep❤ It's no secret you love me ❤❤ so you don't have to do this~ ❤❤❤'"

"Charlotte-chan keeps saying that, but she sure loves to show off, right? Teresa-chan."

"Nn, fua... mother, mother who nursed me, is now sucking my tits... Fuhahaha, what a taboo... nn, haaaa, mother. Oh, mother... my clit, oooh❤❤"

Next to me, Lady Margaret was reprimanding Teresa Onee-chan, who was bound in chains. Hmm, what a splendid mother-daughter bond. It fuels my passion even more for my Charlotte-chan. I was not going to let the love between a mother and daughter defeat the love between a husband and wife!

"That's right, we won't lose!"

"It's fine. I will use my pussy to make Desmond-sama feel good."

Then.

"Oh, ohhh!?"

As declared, Charlotte's vagina began to writhe and pulse. I mean, this is... incredible. She's thoroughly exploring my flesh and eagerly squeezing my weak spot.

"Haa... nn, fuuuu... Desmond-sama, does it feel good?

"Oh yes, it feels amazing... oh, but Charlotte seems to be enjoying it too."

"Haaaan, that's right. When I rub Desmond-sama's weak spot like this, my weak spot is also... uuaaaah ❤."

She moans in my ear... damn it, those wicked lips really tempted me!

"Nmmuu, nmyuu... Mmm~❤❤."

When I cover her lips with mine. Her tongue sought out. I won't lose! "Nfuuuu... slurp, slurp, lick, lick." We entwined our tongues, sharing saliva passionately.

"How passionate."

"Haaa, mother's finger ❤!"

Our neighbor is just as passionate... Ah, gradually, my seed is rising to the tip.

*Slurp, slurp, lick, lick.* "It's fine, you can release it, there's plenty inside my slightly swollen womb already❤." "Nnn, nnn, nnn, nnn... ugh..."

I'm... I'm cumming ❤!

"Nuuu... ❤ fuh, nuuuuuu... ❤❤❤."

My beloved wife's vagina tightens and pulses around my throbbing overcharged seed rod. Her fertile womb writhing and squeezing, attempting to suck up my seed.

"Oh, you're cumming, haven't you? Geez, you two are too much."

"...ahh... uhm, I thought you'd save it for me?. You haven't impregnated me yet."

I hear the pain in her voice... I'm sorry, but Charlotte's pussy is too good!

*Squirt!*

"Fu~~e❤❤❤."

After I ejaculate plentifully within the beloved depths of my wife, the next station is...

"Fufu, fufufufu, finally, Desmond-sama's manhood will enter into my womanhood. Inside this womb that has given birth to Teresa-chan and Charlotte-chan... fufufufu❤"

Yes, the position of my erect cock that is covered with the love nectar of Charlotte and my sperm is aiming at ―― the witch of the terrace, the madam, the mother!

But is this really okay? But I'm sure all the problems have been taken care of! I will now turn a blind eye to the possibility of new sparks igniting through this act. After all, I've come this far, there is no longer any option to not embrace her! Now that I think about it, I've also grown (??) as well...

I suppose that there is the age gap thing, but seeing her youthful beauty and her voluptuous body makes her look like Charlotte's younger sister, I think that even if I am not a sex maniac, I'll still embrace her. In fact, some gentlemen would rather rub their heads on the floor and beg for it. Even if they were stepped on, it would undoubtedly be a reward for them!

Her big emerald eyes, like huge jewels, are filled with excitement and curiosity, though there seems to be a touch of anxiety. Her large fruits that have raised two daughters are still so fresh that it seems like delicious milk would overflow if squeezed. How obscenely her pink tips are swelling...

Really, she's really embarrassed about showing this indecent scene in front of her daughters (in their forties and thirties). ――Gufufu. But, is it okay for me to laugh...?

Even so, I rub the tip of my meat rod, soaked in her daughter's and my lewd fluids against her entrance... or rather, the exit of Teresa and Charlotte...

"Ahh, ah, ahhh... even though it's not inside yet, why it's so hot? If such a hard and thick heat enters deep inside me... T-This is the rod that will teach me the Eros that James couldn't, isn't it? It will awaken not only Teresa and Charlotte but also my ero elf blood..."

Uh, I'm getting really scared....

However, without wilting, my erect breeding stick continues to rub against my mother-in-law's slit, making a lewd, squishy sound.

I'm impressed.

Well, it's certainly quite scary, but I, we, can't wait to ravage her. Let's go, my son. Into the witch's cave!

"Ahh❤ Nnnfuuuuu❤ It's entering, it's entering me❤❤❤!"

"Ku, so tight... oh... I'm taking my mother-in-law's second virginity..."

I, along with my son, invaded her vagina, an abyss...

――Galactica!

Huh! What am I...?

I think I just blurted out something strange due to an impossible sensation...

"Haa, haa, nuu, haan...❤"

From the junction with Margaret-sama, who has a blissful expression that's just a hair's breadth from being yandere, there's... blood! What the...! there's blood!

Uugyaaaaa!

I feel like crying out. Because, because, if she was a virgin then....then Charlotte-chan and Teresa Onee-sama, her daughters... Uugyaaaaa!

Don't drag me into the abyss of nobility! I just want to drown in women!

Charlotte-chan's eyes widened at the sight of the blood seeping from her mother's crotch. And then."

M-Mother… No, 《witch》!"

What! Stop it! I've already almost balls-deep into this witch!

I can't pull out! Why?! It's as if my penis is being sucked in like a black hole!

"Y-you..." Charlotte-chan was trembling.

Margaret-sama, panting, said, "Ufufufufu... I have given my first time to you, Desmond-sama, ufufu, ufufufufufu..."

Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it. How did this happen? All I did is just inserted my cock into my wife's mother... ah, is this my retribution?

I see.

Then.

"I can't believe there's a magic that regenerates the hymen... Why didn't you tell me?!"

Eh?

Charlotte-chan was trembling, but at the same time, her eyes were sparkling.

"Ufufufufufu, because I to surprise Charlotte-chan. It's okay, I will teach you the healing magic 【Revirgin】 that regenerates the hymen."

"As expected of mother!"

"Yes, of course....But, uh... Desmond-sama? Why are you starting to move your hips all of a sudden... Nn, faaaaan❤❤"

I can't help but move my hips! It's a relief! Margaret-sama and Charlotte are still the same!

"Kyaa, An❤ You're not only taking my virginity, but you're also going to ruin me."

"That's Desmond-sama for you."

Hey, this ero elf mother and daughter! What do you think of me? I didn't take your virginity, That sensation was taken from me... Give me back my wasted excitement and breathlessness!

"Ahhn❤ My newly deflowered pussy is being pounded❤❤"

No, even though you say it, I only feel pleasure from you. And weren't you shy just a while ago?

――I don't understand.

Should I let this grudge go?

I pushed Margaret-sama's supple and white legs up as much as I could, making her knees almost touch her face, I pounded my meat rod into her.

"Aaah, Nn, kyaaa❤ My pussy is being stirred, haa... It's being made to remember the shape of your penis...❤"

This choice of words!

"Fuuu, it's getting bigger... Ufufu, haan❤ I can't go back to James-sama's penis now. Ufufufufufu... Ah, ahh, there.... Fufu, is this the weak spot as Charlotte-chan? Of course, it is. This pussy gave birth to Charlotte-chan after all❤ aaaaan❤❤"

I can't win! *plap* *plap* *plap* *plap*, I thrust my hips, finding her spot and rubbing it. While it may look rough, I carefully adjust the strength, using the right amount of force, in order to really make this woman feel it!

And she definitely feels it, but what the hell is this feeling of defeat...

I casually kneaded her breasts. I also flicked, rolled, and pinched her nipples with the perfect amount of force.

"Haaaan❤❤ No way❤ If you want my breasts milk, they won't come out now. But, if Desmond-sama impregnates me and I give birth to Charlotte-chan's little sister....Ufufufufufu... Haa, Ah, ahhn❤❤ I'm ovulating❤❤"

I can't, how can I win against this person. And isn't she openly teasing me? The hard part is that I don't hate that. I sank my fingers into her ample breasts and sucked them up.

"Hyaan❤ You really like breasts too much, Desmond-sama❤"

While panting and writhing, she stroked my head.

"Ufufu, if you want to suck that much, you can go ahead and suck as much as you want. Maybe then you might get your breast milk."

I don't know why, but I can feel this unmistakable final boss vibe...

I sucked on her breasts and said, "Stick out your tongue."

"Ufufu, you're so naughty. Nnnn."

Her eyes were like big, melting emeralds, but I felt like there were lots of heart marks twinkling like stars in them. It's just my imagination, right? Please tell me it is!

I sucked that the pink tongue. Sucking and dripping the saliva stored in my mouth into Margaret-sama's mouth. "Swallo-" "Gulp. Hmmm...❤"

I'm shocked! She swallowed before I told her to, this mother-in-law!

And,

Her supple arm slipped around my neck. ――I was pulled in.

"Nn, Nchu, Chu, *lick* *lick*..."

Kuaa, what a tongue technique, my penis is twitching~~

――I get it now. So this technique was handed down....but, Teresa wasn't like that, why is this person's tongue so skilled... "Guh..."

Slippery and slimy, our tongues entwined and we swallowed each other's saliva.

Aaaa... I can't... I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum ... I haven't made this woman cum yet... This is a matter of pride as a lord!

【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 Release! Uhooh!

I circulated my magic power, filled myself with energy, and attempted to get to her body before I ejaculated. Recently, I've been gradually able to make a woman pregnant when I want to, and not when I don't want.

"Nn, Nna, Faaa❤❤"

Good, good, I've got her womb. Although it feels like because I was allowed to.

――I don't intend to get her pregnant, of course?...But, I'll do my best to make you climax, mother-in-law!

With my cock erect and swollen more than usual, I made her cum.

"Nn, Nna, Nhaa, Aaaa❤ What, what, something, something's coming, heaven, I can see the heaven❤❤"

"That's right, I'm going to make you cum, cum, Margaret. Cum with my penis, show me your beautiful self."

"Faa, Nn, Nuuuuu❤❤"

Her brows furrow and tears gather at the corners of her eyes, the 《Witch》is about to reach climax for the first time.

――Right? I can't be sure because she's a Witch, but I believe in this sensation of making the girls I've fuck cum.

I believe in the girls I've fucked, I believe in myself who has made the girls cum, I believe in it!

"Aa, Aa, I can't, I can't❤ (Fufufu, you're doing well drawing out magic power. The awakening...I can't stop it now... Ufu, ufufufufufu... Aa, but, I'm really going to climax. So this, this is the sensation of cumming...) Nn, Aa, Nhaa... I....I..."

Margaret-sama gritted her teeth and grabbed my arm. Her fingers dig into me with incredible strength. Cum, cum, like this, soaring into the sky!

"Cumming, I am❤❤❤ cumming❤❤❤"

I'm cumming too!

*Splurt* *Splurt* *Spluuuuuuuuuuurt*

I can't stop! Seriously, it won't stop!

I keep pumping magical power into my 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】, I, I'm overheating...

"Fufu, Ufufufu~~❤❤"

Ah, damn, even mother-in-law is losing it, I'm being sucked dry! Noooo, it feels good though!

"Ah... I'll get pregnant ❤ Such high-quality magic power, sucked from the world and poured into directly my womb, Ufufufu, this is much more than expected, how unexpected... Ah, no, I'm falling apart, hooooo ❤❤❤"

"oooooooooh!"

How much did I pour into Margaret-sama? She eventually loosened her grip...

"Desmond-sama! Withdraw from mother and pour it into her!"

At Charlotte-chan's desperate voice, I move to her as she straddles over the bounded Teresa, wagging her ass at me...

――*schulp*!

"Hooooo ❤ Amazing ❤ Such a large amount....and the thickness....Haaaa❤ Mother is sho unfair ❤ Stealing him❤ Dejumon is supposed to by my husband, hooooo ❤❤❤"

No, I don't think this was that kind of plot? I don't think it has such a serious undertone.

"No, this is, Hmmmm❤ It's about a wife's duty to accept her husband's runaway sexual desire ❤ fufufu ❤ Amazing ❤❤❤"

――Is that so?

Well, if Charlotte-chan says so, it must be so.

"No! It's all about making me pregnant!"

――Ah, that's right.

Teresa was shouting under Charlotte-chan.

Then, excuse me for a moment.

"Hmmmm~~❤❤ Wait, Desmond, this is semen, right? It's not, pee, right?~~~❤❤"

"What are you saying, Onee-sama, if you can't distinguish between semen and urine, you'll be disqualified as an Ero elf"

――Yeah, well, I guess so.

"I, I know, this is semen, but... Haaah❤ I'm like a semen toilet now... ❤"

"It's the true purpose of ero elf♪"

"That's right, Fuha, fuhahaha❤❤"

Even Onee-sama seems to be dizzy with this consented amount, and momentum. and just like that...

""Ah""

"Fertilized." "She's pregnant."

I and Charlotte-chan said. Even though Teresa seemed to sense it, she was just twitching under me...

"Desmond-sama, to me!"

"Alright!!"

――*schulp*!

""Hooooo ❤❤❤""

On top of Teresa Onee-sama who was twitching and overflowing with semen from her crotch, and next to mother-in-law who also has a river of cum overflowing from her pussy, I continued to pour into Charlotte-chan.

An incredible sensation rushed through my urethra!

What the hell happened to my dick? Like a broken faucet... but, there's no time to think.

But the most amazing thing is Charlotte-chan. She sucks up magic power from the "world", that converts it into vitality, and accepts all the rampaging ejaculated semen with her vagina.

Is this the true essence of an ero elf...

I'll ignore this fact for now.

And then, I, we, felt a connection deeper than ever before...

"Fufu, you've finally reached the "bone" stage. Congratulation. But, Desmond-sama, you're too amazing, even though it's my first time, my hips are giving out... next time, I won't lose. ―― Fufu, fufufufu..."

Margaret's words did not reach me and Charlotte as we were too absorbed in our passionate act, like animals.

In our wild feast, even the usually composed Katherine and Ephemera could only watch in astonishment...

/

――It truly was an astonishing quantity. My womb is so full... I even thought I got fertilized for a moment.

But, such a thing at my age is naturally impossib...

Ah, oh my...?

I'm preg...nant...?

Eeeeeeeh!?

Oh, oh, oh my, what do I do now? This, this kind of situation... I, I never saw it coming, it's really unexpected... Oh, Desmond-sama, you're quite something... Hya~ ❤

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

____________________

【TL's note】

Hoho, the magical flow from earlier was Desmond-sama's... What has the 'Witch' done, I wonder?

In the underground depths of Desmond's mansion, Randolph stood in a particular spot within the underground cavern.

And what lay before his gaze was...

"This, this is Desmond's doing for sure! That scoundrel, what is he up to again! This is going too far. She's going to wake up!"

"Oh, Miss Schwarz, you're here, you've taken a liking to this place, I see."

"Ah, 'hoho' old man. Let's not worry about that alright? It's all good."

When the dragon girl Schwarz spotted his figure, she approached him with the excitement of a grandchild finding their beloved grandparent.

She had jet-black dragon horns, her skin was smooth and white, like porcelain, and her black eyes sparkled mischievously. Her plump lips curl up playfully. Her luscious black hair flows gracefully, pushing up the waistline of her one-piece dress.

When she and the good-natured Randolph stand side by side, the picture of the young miss and the old butler fits them better than Desmond-sama or the others.

With dragon horns on her head and a dragon tail from her hips...

Randolf, with his romance-gray hair, bushy eyebrows, and mustache, appeared to be an elderly gentleman. However, despite his age, he carried himself with an air of elegance in his butler's attire, his posture was straight and firm. Lately, he's been giving lessons to the young girls who admire Desmond and the female knights order. He seems to be even more spirited these days (according to the lord).

With his mysterious gray eyes, he gazed at both her and "her." A voice reminiscent of aged Scotch whiskey flowed smoothly from his mouth.

"What do you think of the current flow of magic, Miss Schwarz?"

"You're asking what I think? It's obvious." Schwarz said with a pout. "That idiot is up to his usual nonsense. Despite his immature cast and clumsy control, he wasted it all with that quality. But still, since he pulls out magical energy from the 'world', it's actually closer to our use. Such... primitive and intense....for a human... Hmm..."

As she spoke, her cheeks were faintly flushed. It seemed she was reminiscing about the time she had been filled with that magic.

"Uyaaah." she made a cat-like sound and shook her head vigorously. Even though she was a dragon.

"Hoho." Grandpa responded in a good mood. "I wonder if it's only a matter of time before a child is born between Miss Schwarz and Desmond-sama?"

"Shut up..."

Dragon flames leaked from her alluring lips, but the "Gray Hound" was not frightened or worried about it, only amused.

Randolph doesn't know anything about eros or the specific contents of sexual techniques. but he understood that it somehow makes women go crazy and fall madly in love. He thought it was a formidable skill that allowed a man, who should only ejaculate once every few days, to impregnate several women in such a short period.

And even though she wasn't pregnant yet, that was all it took to make her, the strongest creature, a dragon princess, into an adorable kitten. He realized that her blushing wasn't due to him but because of his young master.

He looked at "her".

"That's right, young master is immature and clumsy. When it comes to handling magic and controlling mana, Miss Teresa far surpasses him in that aspect. However..."

The old man smiled.

"Despite that, he has defeated both demon and dragon and now even the witch is captivated by him. Just like a hero, wouldn't you agree?"

Well, not only captivated but already impregnated. When he found out, even Randolph was taken aback.

"Margrave Desmond Terrace Aldora... the《Impregnation Lord》..."

"Huh? Hero?" Schwarz said mockingly.

"He's not a hero, he's more like a demon king."

Impregnated a demon, scared a dragon with his schlong, and now impregnated a witch. He even turned an innocent girl into a werewolf.

――There's no room for disagreement.

No, he might even be a demon god.

"Hoho, young master as a demon king, hoho... Kukuku."

"Grandpa, you're making a wicked face again."

The dragon girl smirked.

"Oh, I can't help it, I'm acting immature... But Miss Schwarz, as a dragon, wouldn't it be prestigious for you if your mate is a demon king?"

"....."

"....."

Schwarz and the old man exchanged bold glances with each other. ――Or rather, the "Gray Hound" and the strongest creature.

――Grrrr!

The roar of a dragon echoed.

Kukuku.

The dog barks happily.

Some lord somewhere would have said that this old man is getting younger and younger by the minute.

The underground cavern began to shake as the battle of the giant monsters began, And watching over it was a giant face of "her" rising from the ground.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

____________________

【TL's note】

"*Chu*, *kiss*, *splurp*..."

"*Lick*, *slurp*, *slurrrp*..."

――Oh, it feels good...

I was sitting on the bed, having two naked beauties between my legs in one of the love hotel-like rooms in the mansion, where I broke the virginity of many young girls.

"My lord...you are truly magnificent..."

Jenna-chan, with an infatuated gaze, licks and worships my fully erect flesh pillar. Despite recently getting married, she has become pregnant with my child, not her husband's.

And then, another person.

"*lick* *lick*, *lick*... *slurp*..."

Maia earnestly licks my family jewels, rolling her tongue around them.

Even though she's already a mother of three, she eagerly desires my seed to get pregnant once again.

They are both married women. *wink*☆

I tremble as they continue to service my manhood with their oral caresses.

...Well, it's more like I'm being forced to.

"*Slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp...*"

Ohhh! Jenna-chan, you're quite skilled.

Her lips glide over her lord's shaft, savoring every inch of it as she sucks and tightens her cheeks. With each movement of her head, she lavishes attention on the tip, relishing the sweet taste of the pre-cum that seeps out as if it were candy, lovingly, slowly, and sensually.

"*suck* *suuuuuck*... ❤"

Ooh, it feels so good...

I shiver and keep giving her my pre-cum as a reward. She looks so slutty and debauched, I can almost see a heart symbol in her eyes.

She's a nineteen-year-old girl with a cute and dignified charm, even though she's a new bride. "*Squish, squish, squish, squish*"...well, this girl has too much potential♪ And wasn't she the latest addition among the ordinary girls I awakened? Mother-in-law doesn't count... she's anything but ordinary.

This relentless and greedy suction. While she might not surpass the knights in terms of physical strength and power, her eagerness and technique make her superior.

"Chub, chub, chub, chub..."

Hmm, her husband must be powerless. He seems to deteriorate day by day, despite my concern for him, as I've given him Erof's secret elixir.

Uun, this must be too much for her husband to handle. I worried about his health deteriorating more and more day by day, so I gave him Ero elf's secret medicine, but he seemed to get worse after that.

So, this must be what happened to him.

――I'm really sorry!

"*lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*..."

――Oh, how eager she must have been to lick my balls like this, so nice.

A quick glance reveals Maia's sun-kissed face. Her cheeks blush slightly, seemingly a little embarrassed. She's a farmer's wife, and from the neck down and the upper arms, her skin remains fair without tanning –– her well-built body is voluptuous. As a married woman who has already given birth to three children, she has a nice body and is very plump.

She can't get enough of it.

――Gufufu.

"*glug* *glug*." "*lick**lick*..."

Ah, pure bliss...

As part of my duties as a lord who has awakened the eros of his subjects, I have invited them to the mansion for a threesome. This may seem immoral, and calling this a way to relax from ero activity is a strange way to put it, but compared to the recent extreme antics of the Ero Elf Trio, this is more soothing for sure.

If I look at them.

The two look at me with glistening eyes. as if to say "Does it feel good?"

――If it's the Ero Elf trio, they will serve me if I ask them to, but with more overwhelming moves...

Oh, it's really healing~.

Unintentionally, I pat their heads.

"Nn... fufu..."

Jenna, who is just blossoming into a woman, happily narrows her eyes, while the mature Maia averts her gaze shyly.

――Well, well, what a scene. An eager college girl in her prime who wants to have fun, and a shy married lady who already has children but also acts so shamefully...It's really something else.

And then, "*slurp slurp...*" Maia's tongue flickers.

"*Chu, chup, chup...* ❤ *Lick, lick*..."

Jenna squeezes her lips tight, mimicking a pussy opening, trying to suck up the lord's seed. My meat shook at the sensation...

――Gufufu, I guess I have to reward her.

"Jenna, I'm cumming. Drink it all."

"❤"

Jenna nods and takes only the tip of my meat stick in her mouth, savoring the filthy liquid that seeps out. Her body trembles with pleasure. The disgusting meat stick continues to splurt lewdly between her delicate lips.

Maia, who is enjoying my ecstasy, gazes up at me.

And then, she sneaks a peek at Jenna.

Oh right, so this married woman wants to drink it too? ――Gufufufu.

"*plop*" Jenna makes sure to suck out the remaining drops, and after saying goodbye to the tips, she pulled her lips away, licks her lips, then.

"Aaaah... ❤"

She shows the content inside of her mouth, closes it, chews it thoroughly, rubbed it on her inner cheeks to savor the taste.

"Nng" – she gulps.

"ahhhh... ♪"

Then, she opens her mouth to show that she drank it all.

Such erotic potential, how lovely.

Next to her, Maia, overwhelmed by her own embarrassment, is struggling to keep up.

――Well, fine. In that case,

I charm the two married women with my hard, unwavering erection.

Jenna with a dreamy expression swallows her saliva. I lie on the bed, facing up, feeling the enjoyment in her gaze.

"Jenna, straddle my face."

"With pleasure. (I never thought I'd straddle the lord's face, it's so quite disrespectful...) "

Have the roles reversed now? Well, no matter, I'm not complaining. She gets on the bed. And then.

"Maia, get it between your breasts."

"Y-Yes... (It I get too excited. Desmond-sama might feel my heartbeats... Ugh, how embarrassing...) "

In a timid voice, Maia-nee-san climbed onto the bed. ――I'm excited.

"Excuse me." Jenna-chan said as she kneeled beside my face.

Indeed, the obscene state of her soaked crotch was quite indecent. With how red and swollen everything looks, oh my, what an excellent state of arousal. I stretched my tongue out as if to beckon her. She rubs her juicy slit against her lord's tongue.

――Oh, what a disrespectful girl she is. I savor the delicious and lewd nectar.

"Ah, ahh... ❤"

Her hips began to buck on top of her lord's tongue... Now, now, keep your hips down.

"Ahh!"

*Squelch...*

And my tongue goes on a journey into her lower mouth. My tongue dives in, her vaginal entrance tightens, and the sweet and sour juice flows into my mouth, thick and murky.

"*Slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp ♪*"

"Haannnnn! Ohhh, my lord... my lord..."

Mmm, not bad at all♪.

"Haaaaaaahhhh ~~~~ ❤❤❤"

Jenna-chan raises her voice with a sweet sound, and she rubs the lord's face. The thick foliage brushes against my nose, "Ann❤".

Fuhaha! How impious, what a violation! ―― I'm delighted to see you drowning (in pleasure).

Unintentionally, I became Onee-sama for a second, and certain areas between my legs began to throb. There's no twist here about that's her real voice being connected through heart communication. Just to clarify.

"Ha, ha, ha... Desmond-sama's, umm, dick is jerking around inside my chest... Nyaa... It's amazing, strong, and even harder than my husband's... oh, it's even harder now...ngh....."

Umuumu, that's good, Maia has become more shy about using lewd language. She must be more aware of just how sinful the act is. Also, when she squeezes her breasts around my cock, she knows to drip her drool in between her tits to make them slip and slide properly. In comparison...

"Ahh, ahhnn! Yes, my lord is better at licking my pussy than he is... Ugh, if you touch me like that, more juices will leak... ❤"

Jenna-chan in the peak of her youth is having a grand time on her lord's face. Such a naughty girl needs to be punished. ――Gufufu.

"Ohhh, my lord, not that place... ❤"

Of course, what I began to toy with was her bottom hole. The second time I had her, I wondered if I could do it, so I licked and teased her a lot and used my fingers to prepare her, and she was ready right away. Her potential is way too high, isn't it? (wry smile).

【Clean】.

"Ah, my lord is using magic on me... ❤"

For a commoner like her, being subjected to noble magic is apparently a pleasure, even if it involves using a finger to play with her ass!

I continued to finger her with a squelching sound.

"Ahh, yaah, nnnn....❤"

Her writing became more intense. The tips of her modest-sized breasts became alluringly erect. That delightful swaying is so irresistible.

"Nuuh, *lick*... *lick*..."

"Kkuu..."

Maia reached out her tongue to the tip of the pleasure rod in her breasts. She licked it lightly, then took it into her mouth and sucked up the dirty juice with a slurp. The milk tank that had raised three children was now eager to milk her lord with all its might.

"Hamu❤... chu, *lick* *lick*..."

Kuhaa, this married woman is very enthusiastic, taking advantage of the fact that I can't see her face. Of course, what Maia can see is Jenna-chan's lewd and writhing hips, moving shamelessly, with her lord's tongue in her front hole and two fingers in the back one.

She is finally able to cast aside her shyness.

"Churu♪ Chuu, churu churu, n... nnn... ❤"

Oh my, Maia, you're playing with your nipples yourself, aren't you? Surely she thinks I haven't noticed. Don't underestimate this lord's experience.

"*lick*, *lick*..." Well, you can continue licking it as much as you want. I'm almost ready to let you drink it too... "Kuh", here it comes...

The lord's staff swelled and Maia didn't notice as she was sandwiching it deeply between her breasts, nibbling and licking it. Let's see if she notices that I want her to swallow it.

"*suck*!"

Kuh! Swallow it, Maia!

I'm about to cum!

"Fuuuu!"

"Ah, ahhnn, I-I'm cumming, my lord... my lord... ❤"

Jenna-chan squirts in my mouth. Well, at this rate, there's no stopping the milk I'm going to make Maia drinks.

"Ungh, Nn, Guh..."

Despite looking a little uncomfortable, the vibrations of her swallowing transmitted to my meat rod. Ah, if you do something like that, it will only make me more excited and unable to stop, you know?

"Pu~ha! Ah... ❤"

The raging rod was expelled mid-way, I bet she's getting a lot of it all over her tanned face and those ample tits but Maia seemed very happy.

I can't believe she's enjoying that.

Geez!

◇

"Aaann, Ah, my lord, my lord, ❤ ❤"

I had two married women on all fours and raised their asses, then promptly penetrated Jenna-chan's meat hole. The bed groaned in protest as I thrust, and her moans echoed through the bedroom.

I grabbed her youthful hips and smacked her butt with my hips, making her cute young ass bounce with each thrust.

"Yaa, Ah, Aaaann ❤ That's it, there, I love it there! ❤ Amazing, my lord, you understand me better than he does ❤ So big❤ Naaah, deeper... Nnoo, if you rub there, Aaahhh... ❤..."

Mmmm, I know you like it here, Jenna.

I make it look like I'm just thrusting roughly, but each time, I keep making subtle adjustments, ensuring I hit all the right spots.

"Aaaah... ❤ ❤"

She grips the sheets tightly, arches her back, and lifts her butt, not just in response to my movements but also to show how much she desires me.

I push all the way in and sensually move my hips.

"Oh... My pussy... is being molded into my lord's shape, At this rate...He won't be able to satisfy me anymore... ❤"

Sorry, and thank you!

In my mind, the image of her husband, who had supposedly given Elo elf elixir but had become even more thin (not in a good way), flashed in my mind. Sorry, I will make up for it by ensuring Jenna-chan is thoroughly satisfied. —— Gufufu.

"Ah!"

I leaned over her from behind and plucked her fruits. I immediately started to play with the tip and explore her bud while gently fondling it. "Nn, Ah, no, stop...❤"

I order her, "Stick out your tongue." She complied with a "fuah..." and began sucking on my lips, making slurping sounds as she moved her body around mine. Her body wriggled and squirmed as she rubbed her butt against my thigh, sending waves of pleasure through me.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahh, ahh ❤!" Her hands met mine and our fingers interlocked, I vigorously rubbed her while lifting her upper body up. "Ahh, ahhhh ❤❤."

I felt someone's gaze.

Of course it was Maia,

——Oh my, are you aware that you're blushing so much, your eyes are moist with envy, and your hips are squirming? —— Gufufu.

She raises her hips high and shows off her plump butt, ready to mate, her honey was dripping from her slit. The slightly open petals lightly throbbed.

——Ugh, this is irresistible!

"Oh... ❤"

I reached out and caressed Maia's full buttocks. So soft—so plump. Her buttocks were swaying frustratingly, but I started by caressing her thighs. Her sweet voice, tinged with impatience, made me want to tease her more.

*Flick*

"Naa... ❤"

I move to her puckered entrance.

*Flick*

"Nn, Nuuu..."

Her shy voice was incredibly pleasing. When I traced her slit, her cute voice rose, and I smeared the overflowing nectar onto her. "Aaann... Nn." Maia suppressed her sweet voice by biting into the sheets.

Hey, are you provoking me? Are you teasing your lord? I stimulate her clit and play with her thick bush.

"Haah... De... Desmond, sama... Nn..."

When I stroked her slit, her voluptuous body trembled.

*slip*❤

"Nfu... Nn, Nuuu. My husband, can't make me feel this good with his fingers... Faaa ❤"

Unconsciously, she let out her true feelings. Is that so? He doesn't do it like this? *slip* *slip* *squelch* *squelch*.

"Faaa... Ah, Funnn... ❤"

Desperately, she buried her face in the sheets and trembled. When I bent my fingers, she shook, and her embarrassed juices squirted out with a squelching sound.

"Fuu... Ah... Amazing, it feels so good..."

A dreamy voice filled with pleasure,

During all this, I was also thoroughly pleasing Jenna-chan.

"Oh... Nn, Haa... Ah, Hii... ❤"

——Gufufu.

Hmm, even though she's so eager and talented in bed, her defenses and endurance aren't that high.

"Uaaaa..."

She clenched me tightly, trembling.

——Hey, we still have a long night ahead of us. Our battle is just beginning, you know?

"Aha....." Maia moans as she tightens her fingers around mine.

"I don't want your fingers, I want your cock....."

.....

"——Ah..."

The village head's wife blushed crimson in an instant at her won words.

I couldn't stop my smirk.

And, with that delight, I ejaculated inside Jenna-chan.

"Faah... My lord, my lord is coming in.....That place belongs only to you, you alone... Ahh, ahhuu ❤❤❤"

With each burst, Jenna-chan's body quivered. I pressed the tip against her cervix, ensuring it reached deep inside.

Then, I pulled out.

"Ah... Desmond-sama." she moaned as I touched her voluptuous buttocks.

*Schulp!*

"Ngh, hiiiii❤!"

Oh....It's so hot and comforting. It welcomed me with open arms. Maia's vagina is also exceptional. I carefully and persistently stimulate her weak spots.

"Ah, ah, ah... Nn..."

With each swing of my hips, she makes her pleasure audibly known. I rotated my hips to fan the flames of her pent-up desire, bringing it to a climax.

*Plap! Plap!*

"Fuuhhh, ah, haaaannn ❤ Ahh, ahhhh ❤ ❤"

Maia is becoming more responsive. "Ah ❤ !" she gasped as I lightly her cervix, causing her braids to sway. I harvested her bountiful fruits, lifting them from below, relishing in the ultimate reward. "Maaahhh♪"

Maia's ample boobs bounced in my hand, making my desires well up.

"Maia, does it feel good?" I ask while tapping her deep inside.

"Ah, yes... It feels so good..."

Well then, I'll rub a bit more.

"Ah ❤! Desmond-sama, I'm going to break... Nn, ahhh ❤ ❤! "I captured her nipples, giving them a little twist. Then her clit. "Ah, ah, haaaannn ❤ ❤!"

Oh, it's quite slippery there, isn't it? It must have been building up for a while.

I gave a little push. Maia trembled and squirted intermittently onto the sheets.

"Ha, ahh, ahh..."

She lay exhausted, and that's when I ejaculated inside her.

"Ah, ahhhh..."

Her body still responded to my desires and pulsations, even though she had lost her strength. Her warm and welcoming insides were precious.

I poured myself into her generously and then pulled out. "Ah ❤ !"

She twitched, and semen overflowed with a lewd sound.

With their buttocks raised, both of them, gasping for breath, my cum spilled from their hole.

Hmm, what a spectacular sight.

I turned them over onto their backs, their captivating, bouncing, and glistening bodies. Their shiny skin was incredibly seductive, each beat of sweat looked like precious gems.

I leaned over, fondling their breasts, and gently kissed their delicate lips.

"Ah..." "Nnn..."

I hungrily sucked up their tongues that slipped out reflexively.

I positioned their legs, making their beautiful pussy touch. I rubbed my throbbing manhood between them.

"Ah...""Ah..."

I smeared my semen in their bush. Pulling their nipples, tasting their tongues. I make them swallow my spit.

And then, I invaded the married women's insides again.

They gasped for breath, squirmed in pleasure, and writhed sensually. Their allure was intoxicating, and I had brought it out, not their husbands. To ensure they didn't cause trouble for their husbands, I satisfied them thoroughly until they were completely spent.

I cum.

Inside their pussy.

On their bellies.

On their faces.

Chests.

Ass.

I made them swallow it.

To be honest, the ladies's minds were losing focus at a certain point, letting me do what I please, but they were clearly enjoying it.

――There, that should do.

The lord who satisfied the housewives of his subjects lets out a sigh after finishing his job.

Both of them, soaked in milky white seed, are exhausted.

The lord's nightly duties are quite demanding.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Various nobles dressed in splendid attire.

They gathered in a grand hall designed for the upper class. They chatted as if they were characters in a story, enjoying the food and drinks.

Dialogue flowed one after another.

For example "You can't be serious!" and "You can't be serious!"

Both could be praise, astonishment, or perhaps a tinge of regret.

"My! You look so wonderful."

"Long time no see."

"It's truly unexpected for us to cross paths in this place."

With a mix of joy and sorrow, the whole scene felt like a family drama with fathers and daughters reuniting.

So there I was, receiving their family greetings.

"Thank you for the invitation, Margrave Aldora. Oh, wait, it's not official yet, is it? Haha, Besides, the title of Margrave carries a distinct implication. It's nearly certain, though, that you'll ascend to the rank of Earl. You even inherited the name of Terrace, as expected of a Sleeping Dragon, as they say. Haha."

"Mmm, so delicious. The food here is so good."

I wonder how he would react if he realized that the beautiful girl sitting across from him, who was bluntly shoveling food into her mouth, was a real dragon.

"Haha, thank you. However, to be honest, all I want is to live in peace."

"Who are you to say that?"

Was that a true feeling slipped from his lips?

"Mother, over there..."

"Yes, yes, I understand. Now, what should we do?"

"I have a good idea... *mumble, mumble*..."

And there's also my wife and mother-in-law, scary.

however.

I think I'm the one who wants to say "You can't be serious!" the most.

Because the host in this social gathering is me, Desmond Damwead-wead-ead... (Echo). By the way, I haven't officially become Margrave of Aldora or had Terrace name yet. But if my mother-in-law is moving behind the scenes then....ah, the inescapable fate! Anyhow, this is a newly built social reception hall for Aldora.

――Seriously, how did this happen...?

I had no connection to the high society at all.

And to summon this many people at once... Uh, my stomach hurts so much...!

This story goes back a few days...

◇

"Now, Desmond-sama, it's time for us to call the social gathering."

Margaret-sama, who was my wife's birth mother, said that on the day immediately after I impregnated her.

"You've done it, Desmond-sama ❤"

When she said that, I thought it was a bad joke. But when I were to place my hand on Margaret-sama's belly, there was indeed someone inside.

This is real-life horror right there!... huh? No, no, why is she pregnant? I mean, I understand that it's reasonable to get pregnant if you have sex... But at her age, and in one go at that? What are you? some kind of mystical erotic creature? Do you have to fill her womb with semen non-stop to give birth? Why is that!?

"It is because Desmond-sama going sploosh-sploosh so much semen inside my womb❤ I never expected to conceive a new life now..."

Gently caressing her belly, Margaret-sama said.

Beside her,

Together with Charlotte-chan, who was gently caressing her own belly, there were Teresa onee-sama, Katherine, Monica, a fifteen-year-old beauty whose belly had just started to swell, Sophie, the woman who bore my first child, and even female knights of the Aldora Knight Order, wearing maid uniforms or provocative knight outfits, all openly caressed their own bellies. Everyone, they are all pregnant with my children~♪

Way to go, Desmond! Your family is growing♪

――But seriously!

Well, everyone had happy expressions, so it was worth it, but there was Liz-chan, looking kind of dead inside, stroking her belly with a mix of despair, contempt, anger, and sadness. It's a hard-to-describe jumble of emotions that made her wear that face one can't even put into words.

I'm really sorry!

――Literally, I had banged way too many.

I want to impregnate Liz-chan properly too, but we need to train a new official who can take her job.

"If that's the case, you should have just said so. I would have asked someone I trust for help."

"mother-in-law..."

If the person is worthy of Lady Margaret's approval, then she must be suitable for Liz as well. She's a witch after all. When it comes to political matters, she undoubtedly meets all the recruitment criteria I didn't know about, as I'm just a mere signer.

And then,

"Most importantly, there are things we must do now to protect our happy life," Lady Margaret, though gentle, showed a slightly serious expression while smiling.

"I understand," Liz-chan responded seriously, her right eye's monocle shining. Her focused glaring eye is like a determined professional working towards their goal. I find it reliable, but at the same time, it makes me uneasy.

...Um, what are you guys..... planning?

I noticed that they were pushing something forward, but I thought it was for my sake and left it alone, and this is how it turned out.

"The guest hall that will serve as the venue is already in progress. May we proceed?"

Saying so, they spread out plans, contractors, and flawless documents, including finances. There's no way I can point out any flaws.

Hello, the top person in charge in this area is here. I didn't know about the plan, but...

I guess I have no choice but to go along with it!

"Desmond-sama, I am well aware of your social ineptitude. However, from now on, you will be inheriting the title of Earl." ―― Yeah, it's all your fault.

"By impregnating many daughters of numerous noble and merchant families, we had created connections with many families." ――Yeah, that's my fault.

"In order to secure our future life, formal meetings are crucial," ―― Yep, got it.

But, it's been a while since I've been in the high society, and now I have to greet the families of the female knights of the Aldora Knight Order...saying that I impregnated them.

Should I run away?

"No, you cannot," my beloved wife says.

That's right... don't run away, don't run away.

"Also, there is an intention to deter them by showing the "power" of this domain, which is viewed with suspicion by those around us. So, inviting them to our home territory is probably the best choice."

――Isn't your home territory not Aldora?

But, I don't think this domain has any of that "power" to show off...

"《Gray Hound》, 《Platinum Breaker》, 《Dragon》, 《Blue Demon》, 《Red Demon》, the leader of 《Aldora Knight Order》《Heretic of Damwead》himself――No, now it's the 《Impregnation Lord》. And most recently,《Witch of Terrace》 has joined... And This is just our military strength.

This domain is entirely self-sufficient, producing high-quality crops throughout the year, with a high literacy rate among its residents.

There are also numerous developed magical tools and all of the upcoming 《D-Children》..."

Even with Charlotte's lovely voice, those words are frightening. But,

"Won't this lead to us getting purged?"

"We do this to avoid it."

"――Yes, that's right."

――Oh no, this mother-daughter duo is scary.

Like in an open chat room, Margaret-sama, who has subtly entered "heart communication" , spoke.

"To protect our happiness――no, for the women who love you and for the future of the children in our bellies, please make your decision, Desmond-sama."

Margaret-sama gazed at me with emerald eyes, like precious gems passed down to her daughters ――While caressing her own womb.

Charlotte-chan and the others included.

――Am I, by any chance, being blackmailed here?

...Well, let's stop these frivolous thoughts.――Right. I need to make a decision here.

"Understood. For the sake of my beloved ones and our children, I'll do my part."

With that, everyone around let out a sigh.

Huh? Why?

"Desmond-sama, you look so handsome just now, just like a real lord."

Well, I've always been a lord, you know?

Just as I thought that Charlotte began unbuttoning my shirt. ――No, wait, stop, Charlotte! Stay!

"I can't wait. peeling back a layer or baring it all makes no difference."

That's not what Peeling back a layer means!

And when I looked around,

The atmosphere grew tense...

Teresa stepped forward, and Margaret-sama, along with the other girls...

What's going on? This is scary.

And then,

"A-ahhh!"

So, what really happened? I, we, started preparing for <Aldora> debut in the world of noble.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

――A social gathering preparations?

I remember doing something like that before, but it mainly involved dancing, and having fun, and, to be honest, it wasn't that different from our usual days. Then, at an incredible speed, the reception hall was completed...

"We're using the technology that Desmond-sama suggested. With something like this, other nobles won't let it slide... so we've got more to show at this upcoming event."

――I'd like to stop these scary conversations.

And there it was, the fancy social event thrown by Lord Desmond Damwead, the lord of 'Aldora'. Papa James Terrace, my father-in-law and head of the Terrace Earldom, and the hubby of Margaret-sama, the one I got pregnant, was also there.

It's more than just awkward, it's unbearable...

But during the pre-meeting...

"James-sama, I've been impregnated by Desmond-sama."

However, Papa, after what seemed like nine consecutive panels of manga with a stunned expression, said.

"...Amazing."

"Really, Desmond impregnated Margaret?"

"And it was only one time."

"Is that so."

"That's right."

"...Amazing."

"...Yes."

"...Amazing."

Papa! What happened to him?!

He kept repeating "...Amazing." while putting aside other emotions.

It's more of a "Was that really possible?" and "Did he get someone like her pregnant?" than frustration! It's a bit like " Even though I've done it with her many ways before, After all of that effort..."

But despite all of that, in the social scene, he...

"I'm honored to be invited, Baron Aldora."

Reddish hair with matching eyebrows and a mustache. Despite looking a bit stern, this middle-aged dude rocks the dandy style. His brown eyes give off a smart vibe. Smart vibe? Whose smarts are we talking about! Anyway, he looks really good in that fancy suit. He's the epitome of a classy aristocratic daddy.

Would I succeed him?

――No way.

If I could, I'd want to escape right now! But after stealing his wife and impregnating her with my child, there's no way I can run away. From whom? From Margaret of course! and from the Ero Elf Trio too!

I engaged in a pleasant conversation with the present Earl, all while suppressing my inner turmoil. And Margaret-sama was right there with him! She had a calm look on her face, a 'witch' that ready to enchant me at this very moment. However, the truth is, until just a while ago, she had taken me deep into her both upper and below mouth.

Before the event, within this very venue...

――It felt really good...

What should I do about this impossible sensation...

Nonetheless, I desperately continued to play the part of a sophisticated nobleman, conversing with confidence. By my side were Charlotte, resplendent in her dress, and the elegant Teresa in her own graceful attire.

...Ah, indeed.

Of course, I fucked them too. I fucked them all! Right here in this venue! With all my girls! Which means the girls present here not only carry my offspring but, as we speak, my cum in their wombs... ――Gufufu.

"Look at that composure. How he stands head to head with Earl Terrace... It seems we should consider the fact that he's to inherit the title of Earl. Truly, he hid his claws all this time... To think that my daughter would bear a child from such a man. And the one standing next to him is the one who kidnapped my daughter 《Platinum.."

――I'm sorry about my third wife, okay?

Not that I'm going to do anything about it.

But it seems I'm not doing too badly myself. It appears I'm steadily succeeding in high society. Aristocracy, what a pain in the ass.

Amid all this, the friendly conversation continued――Yeah, it's pretty harmonious! Just ignore the swan paddling below the surface.

And, as I looked around, I noticed something. Come to think of it, are the girls in this venue all my wives or mistresses? That's quite something in itself, but the fact that most of them are pregnant is even more incredible...

"Desmond-sama, what's the matter? Why do you keep looking behind you...?"

"No, I'm just starting to worry about being stabbed from behind..."

"Don't worry. Even someone as capable as Katherine won't stab you here."

Wolf in sheep's clothing!?

However, even in the social scene, there should be more ladies present...

"Fufu, even though we are here, Desmond-sama is finding other girls already..."

"...N-No, I didn't mean it that way."

――Yeah, probably, perhaps.

And then, Charlotte, in her deep-cut red dress showing her deep cleavage, leaned in close to me.

"Because they can't take them here. If they were brought to the <Impregnation Lord> mansion, they'd definitely be impregnated."

"Who the hell is that?! What's with that ridiculous title? Whoever names me that, show yourself!"

"<Impregnation Lord> Show me your breeding power! By the way, it's Randolph."

"No, even though you say it so cutely, but isn't your tone too excited? And I see, it's Grandpa huh?... I think I can't do anything about it then..."

Moreover, showing off your breeding power ―― the only two methods that come to mind are impregnating or one-man bukkake, right? But yeah? I don't think I can do that to Grandpa.

"That's not the case at all, I think if you can do it by impregnating one of the few new girls who have come here."

――Yeah, I guess so...

And while I maintained a calm exterior but felt somewhat frustrated inside...

"Lord Damwead, it's an honor to meet you today."

A distinguished middle-aged nobleman, who exuded an intellectual aura that set him apart from me, approached.

He was accompanied by his daughter, Mmmm, a lovely young girl. I was sure he belonged to a different category of nobility I invited today. He was not one of the fathers of the girls I had impregnated. He even brought his daughter to this event. ――I see, he must be a sensible individual, who didn't take the odd moniker <Impregnation Lord> at face value and had brought his daughter without prejudice... But why does his daughter look so nervous?

"That's only natural. Bringing a young daughter to meet someone like the <Seed Baron> for a potential political marriage... In other words, it's an offering for a strategic alliance."

I knew it, damn it!

...Am I now being treated as a dangerous lord who must offer up a young maiden to appease? And Charlotte-chan, you just gave me a new title now, but I wonder which one is crazier, <Impregnation Lord> or <Seed Baron>?

Before long, we exchanged what seemed like a contrived greeting, although every word seemed to be laced with trickery and intrigue as if strategies were woven into every corner of their conversation.

"Desmond-sama, you should respond like this."

"Oh, Charlotte-chan, it would be more effective like this."

"Gunununununu, as expected of mother... But if that's the case, then what about....."

"Oh, Charlotte-chan, you've really improved."

"It's not that big of a deal."

Charlotte-chan puffed out her chest proudly. Cute, very cute.

...The ultimate cheat sheet sparkled in the depths of their minds.

"It's as expected of Lord Damwead. Your wisdom is truly remarkable. Should I may say 'Slumbering Dragon'?"

――I'd welcome it more than 《Seed Baron》for sure. But, sorry, I have no idea what has surprised you. I'm just following what the cheat sheet instructed...

He took his daughter's hand next to his.

Huh? Your daughter seemed scared just a moment ago, but now she's looking at me with those sparkling eyes.

What's the matter, what tugged at your heartstrings, I didn't say anything.....

" No, it's not our fault. It's because of what Desmond-sama said. "

――Hmm? And why was that?

""..... haah""

Double sigh from mother and daughter!

I had no idea what it meant, but if a lovely daughter at her age is fidgeting and showing signs of wanting to be asked out, one is not a lord who will not take her hand and dance with it.

Even the Supreme Ultimate Cheat Sheets had given the green light, right?

――Gufufu.

""It's 'Seed Baron,' and not 'Impregnation Lord.' After all""

―― Shut up!

It seems this was according to their scheme as well.

Noble houses that thought it would be better for them to "connect" were also invited. It seemed they were bringing their marriageable daughters to "connect" with me. Moreover, these ero elves seemed to have carefully selected only daughters who were suitable for a political marriage, even if they already had a partner. ―― After a thorough investigation, my harem members have increased once again. ―― Gufufu.

"Wouldn't it be nice to go and 'sow some seeds' by yourself for a change?"

"It would add a touch of 'Lustful King' to your image, you know."

――Stop it! That would make me sound more like a demon king! Please, let's not use the word king, okay!!

...But, to think that I just slip out and impregnate not just one, but several at once. ――gulp

"Feeling quite frisky, aren't we? Or would you like me to use the 'Ero Space' and impregnate them right here?"

What is this wife saying?!

"Acting like that with a swollen penis doesn't make it sound convincing at all, you know."

――What a pain.

And with all that said and done, I continued to enjoy the high society.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

――A story behind the scenes, a "hidden" stage.

When there's a dazzling "light," there's bound to be a "shadow."

And this is about that story.

"Hohoho, you're too careless. If you want to get past me, you'll need at least three times as much... No, even with that, it's still might be impossible."

In the shadows of the social gathering, the old man, known as the 《Gray Hound》 was making a scene. With hair that resembled the touch of silver, thick eyebrows, and a full beard, he had a certain look that resembled a certain old man. He was dressed formally, not in a tailcoat suit, but in a butler's uniform that was reminiscent of one. Just by looking at him, he seemed to be the true Margrave ―― or perhaps, he still appeared to wield tremendous power.

He was also present in the front of the "public" social scene. There, he controlled his <Gray Hound> to remotely hunt down the unwanted. And thus,

"The assassin is from that house, and this Shadow is from that house."

Sorting was being done,

"Excuse me."

And,

"HOーHOーHO! How interesting, 'Gray Hound.' is still in the business, I see."

A high-pitched voice reached the ears of <Gray Hound>.

The old man in the venue had to restrain himself from grinning.

With not the usual ――Hoho, but ――Kukuku.

His gray, enigmatic eyes were looking through the eyes of the <Hound> And through the lips of it, he spun out sounds,

――It was the forest on the border of "Aldora".

To one of the Gray Hounds deployed there, he spoke through its mouth.

It was a dense and lush forest. Unlike the dazzling social gathering, it was dimly lit. It was truly suitable for the shadow stage.

"It's been a long time,《Owl》. For you to be here, Miss《Witch》 seems to be demonstrating a great deal of sincerity in sending you over."

A gray dog, much like a miniature schnauzer in Desmond's world, snickered.

"Hmph."

The response he received was a scornful laughter.

"Sincerity? HOーHO. You're really out of touch, huh? Have you always been clueless about this stuff? Just running around, eating, and taking down enemies?"

So, so sad.

The voice's tone was dramatically exaggerated, but the entity known as 《Owl》" by the "hound" remained invisible. All that met the eye were leaves whispering in the swaying treetops.

"Lady Witch is not merely displaying sincerity." The voice of 'Owl' said. "She didn't summon the "Owl" me, but for 《Walpurgis》(Witch's Attendant)"

"――Hoh."

The voice of the dog in the forest was overlaid with Randolph's voice in the venue. Creating a mix of happiness and belligerent. Inside, various individuals like the 《Witch of Terrace》, the 《Platinum Breaker》, the Dragon, 《Ephemera》, the 《Blue Demon》, the 《Red Demon》, Masochist maid Katherine, the 《White Flame Empress》, and quite a few responded to the noise. But most people, even among the nobles, wouldn't recognize the sound of 《Grey Hound》 which was getting drawn out by the sound of the crowd quickly.

Those with Desmond were no ordinary individuals.

By the way, the lord did not even aware of it at all.

――Young master still has a lot to learn. ――Well, that is what it means to be strong, and it's because you're the way you are that I find it interesting.

Randolph glanced at the young master for a moment and then looked at the 《Witch》. She ignored Randolph with a composure that was beautiful and too youthful for her age. She must have known he was watching her.....

《Walpurgis》.

It's a group independently led by the 《Witch》, a group befitting the Shadows within the nobility. However, only a select few are aware of its actual existence, and even fewer believe it to be real.

Randolph had run into a few of them, and that, or the fact that he'd met a few, was kind of proof that he was of the "strongest". To have 《Walpurgis》, the pointed spear of the scariest《Witch》 show themselves before him, was something Randolph could take pride in.

In the hall, he remains as composed as an elder, while in the Aldora forest, he is as fearless as a resolute hound.

"Well well, I apologize. I didn't realize Miss 《Witch》 was so fond of the young master."

"HOーHO. You should know better."

"Hoho, that's right indeed. Well then, as members of the same faction, I would like to meet with the other 《Walpurgis》 as well. Kuku."

"It is rather you who should come visit us. HOーHO, However, I must inform you that we already have the 《Black Dog》on our side."

"Hoh....that's quite a nostalgic name."

The forest rustled with the sound of leaves trembling. As if the agitated Grey Hound stirred, the forest resounded.

*rustler*

"HOー, this is scary. I seem to have poked too much. No way I win against 《Gray Hound》! But is this a provocation to lure out the 《Black Dog》? HOーHO, scary, scary, aren't you supposed to get more sluggish as you get older?"

"The question goes both ways."

The hound said to the Attendant.

"HOーHOー"

The gleeful laughter ―― or was it just a hoot? The forest chattered with a cryptic aura.

"And just like that, its gone, without a sound. Truly worthy of the title of an Owl.... Kuku."

The canine's joy permeated the forest...

◇

In a sense, this too must have been a behind the scenes.

Amidst the smoothly progressing social gathering ―― it could be said that the absence of any disturbances so far was rather abnormal. But given the incredibly prosperous state of Aldora, to take action in the presence of the 《Gray Hound》, 《Platinum Breaker》, 《White Flame Empress》 (tennative title), and even 《Witch of Terrace》 in this place would require quite a formidable individual or group...

"Desmond-sama, why don't you impregnate my daughter? I'd love to see your expertise."

*buzz*

A commotion rippled through the venue.

An offer for procreation.

One of the new nobles offered his daughter to Desmond.

Of course, he wasn't asking to see it. However, in this world without eros, men usually take several days for a full recharge after a single shot. Moreover, even if they were nobles, children are still considered a gift from God, so it could be considered a kind of jest that left room for Desmond to decline.

In the aristocratic society, women were tools for giving birth.

That's why this could be considered a "joke" and words to amuse Desmond.

However, judging from his demeanor, it's clear that his heart is somewhat transparent in his attitude, which is rather unrefined. Even though he hasn't officially assumed the title of Aldora March, he doesn't engage in the flattery one might expect from a nobleman, and instead, he promptly refers to him as Lord Damwead and offer his daughter as if offer drinks.

"He's quite good for a lapdog, don't you think?"

"Indeed."

*Shivers...*

The one shivering, of course, was Desmond. But he didn't show it on the surface. That alone put him above the other nobles.

Even those with lower status as nobles were invited to this social gathering.

Although he was the first to act, it could have been someone else.

The women he impregnated might be of the finest quality, but that didn't necessarily extend to their families. After all, in the <Platinum Knight Order> there were quite a few girls who had been rescued from such parents and families. That is why it is essential to tighten the leash here.....

""Desmond-sama, please impregnate her!""

An order from my wife and mother-in-law.

"Fine. I'll impregnate this girl."

That's all Desmond could say.

"Ooh," the audience murmured in hushed tones.

"But please, expedite the process. We can't afford to take too long, especially since this is a political issue. I truly want you to fully enjoy it, but she'll eventually come back later after they join our faction."

Scary, nobility, scary. It's even scarier to be reminded that my wife is a part of it.

"Even if time is short, I believe that Desmond-sama will make her truly his woman."

Desmond, who was still horrified, did not hear his wife's muttering.

However, this would surely make him prove the title 《Impregnation Lord》.

"Needless to say, but I am, of course, a virgin."

The young lady, who had been brought into the guest room, said this in a somewhat authoritative manner. Her attitude had changed. Despite being rumored to become an Earl, he was currently nothing more than the third son of a Viscount's family. ――This was also meant to anger him. To provoke him, make him lose his composure, and reveal his secret. That's what her father had instructed her. But the way she did it was very, very tugging at his heartstrings.

――I want to tease this tsundere.

With her golden drill-like hair, fair skin, and blue eyes, she was like a French doll from Desmond's original world, charming and aristocratic. Despite still being in her mid-teens, she had a generously filled, white dumpling-like bosom that seemed ready to burst out of her low-cut dress.

"So, are we starting?《Impregnation Lord》"

Was it a provocation she was coerced into by her father, or was it because she, like her father, was ignorant?

Then, she rolled up the skirt of her luxurious dress, inserted her hand into the hem, and, as if determined to do so, "...Hn."

She snorted and took off her panties.

This is a world without eros. Of course, she doesn't feel it. But she would never be indecent enough to take off her underwear in public. Moreover, the other attendees knew that she had left the venue to be impregnated by him is enough.

Even if there's no eroticism, shame still exists.

The noblewoman's cheeks were tinged with a light pink.

――D-Don't back down now Jacqueline. You already knew that being born as a noble's daughter might involve bearing the child of an unwanted partner. A political marriage is nothing, absolutely nothing at all. This doesn't change anything, wherever it's the men, or whatever I'll be sent to this remote land.

――And besides, in the first place, I...

"Come on, let's get it over with."

A certain resignation filled her eyes.

――Fufu, I was brought here today precisely because I can't even become a mere "tool" after all.

Her arrogant behavior, so unsuitable for a woman who should only be considered a means to bear children in aristocratic society, was mixed with a sense of desperation.

She took off her high heels and climbed onto the bed, kneeling with her intimate place hidden under her skirt.

"They call you the 《Impregnation Lord》 right? You can do it without even watching right? Get it up with lube, insert, and ejaculate. Impregnate me and raise your reputation."

――Well, I don't see how that's possible.

Yes, she was a noblewoman waiting for Desmond in a somewhat dead fish state, but Desmond...

"I won't do that."

"Eh?"

"What I will do with you is the sexual art."

"...sex?"

She muttered. But he paid no attention to her, and the bed creaked.

Desmond loomed over her like that and put a gentle smile on his sweet mask. For a moment, she was captivated because it had been a long time since anyone had smiled at her like that.

His face drew closer.

And then their lips met.

"Eh?"

She didn't understand what had just happened, her eyes wide open, and she felt the sensation of her own lips being touched.

――Just now, lips... on lips? Why?

As if to find the meaning, she licked her lips a little. It felt sweet.

"What's your name?"

"Uh? Um, Jacqueline."

"I see, that's a nice name." His eyes narrowed, and she was drawn in.

What is this man?

There's something about him that attracts her.

Jacqueline, who still doesn't understand eroticism, couldn't grasp it, but it was something like the magnetic allure. Desmond had developed it through bedding countless women, truly caring for them, and being genuinely loved in return.

He smiled and said to her, "Jacqueline, I will impregnate you and make you beautiful."

"....Yes."

That was all she could say.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"*Chu, chu...*"

"Hmm... n..."

In the reception room, a symphony of alluring, wet sounds harmonized with Jacqueline's sweet moans. Jacqueline had become completely entranced by Desmond, who was nibbling on her lips.

In this world devoid of eroticism, it was impossible to understand the meaning behind these actions. But as their upper and lower lips met, and their body warmth lay on top of each other's...

――Is this the sexual art? Hmmm, not bad at all. And It's like I'm being served in a way..... fufu.

With her lips caught between his, Jacqueline was slowly growing more and more pleased. And then, Desmond's lips shifted, latching onto her neck.

"Ah..." Jacqueline's brow furrowed as she felt a slippery, wriggling sensation, much like an eel. Even though she didn't fully comprehend the concept, she squirmed slightly, and her legs twisted.

*lick lick lick*...

Desmond's tongue wriggled, his lips sucking, as he latched on to her neck. Jacqueline didn't understand what was happening, but there were already red marks etched on her exposed skin.

"Ahh..." What is this? The place he touched is getting warm... It's making me feel... itchy...

As Jacqueline's hips trembled, his muscular heat transmitted more intensely.

――So hard... What is this hard thing... The heat...it's gathering inside my womb... Mmm...

Then, Desmond's lips descended. He wickedly traced his tongue over her ample chest, making a slurping sound as he sucked up her scent from her cleavage.

"Huh...?"

Gently, he fondled Jacqueline's breasts, and the bewildered young lady was being expertly handled by her master.

――Why is he touching my breasts? So vulgar yet gentle, delicate but bold...Uh... I felt a tingling sensation deep inside my chest. It's making me feel so strange... What is this? And the tip is...

"Fuh..."

"It seems like you're starting to feel good, Jacqueline."

"Eh?"

He gazed down at her with a gentle...or rather, naughty look while expertly kneading her breasts with exquisite movements. ――Jacqueline blushed without knowing why and unconsciously averted her face.

But with her tightly sung thighs between his hips and his hardened crotch against hers, there was no way she could escape from his heat.

"Ungh..."

She was once again engulfed by Desmond's lips, but this time, it was not just that. His tongue, which had licked her skin all over, slipped through her lips.

"Unh, nnnggh..."

An unfamiliar sensation of a slippery object invading her mouth. She had never experienced anything like it before. She instinctively resisted for a moment, but as their tongues touched and entwined, and the slippery sensation rubbed against her, her strength left her. In fact, she timidly moved her tongue, succumbing to Desmond's will.

Unaware that his fingers were running down the chest of her dress, about to explore her full bosom under her dress...

"Ungh, nnnggh!"

――W-wow, he's touching my breasts directly...

He massaged her young, supple flesh more forcefully than before, with his fingers digging in deeply. Unknowingly, Jacqueline's hips undulating slightly.

――Oh, Jacqueline-chan's mouth is so delicious.

Desmond felt his desires intensify as he tasted the lips of the nineteen-year-old virgin noblelady. He entwined his tongue with hers as she began to show a slightly submissive demeanor, savoring her nectar.

*Slurp, slurp, squish, slurp*

――Fuh, my saliva... Ah, Desmond-sama's saliva, I... swallowed it."

First-time experience of exchanging saliva.

But there was no time for her to think about its abnormality.

"Ngh"! ――My nipples, what's happening... "Nn"《Impregnation Lord》...please stop...

Jacqueline's rosy nipples had become erect, and Desmond provocatively caressed the sensitive edges of her lovely but lewd areolas.

――Ah no, what is this? My breasts are getting hot, throbbing, and tingling... Stop, no, mmmmm...

As she wriggled and squirmed, pressing her hips against him, there was no escape for her. Getting nipples fondled, entwined tongues, Jacqueline's eyebrows furrowed in ecstasy.

*Slurp, smooch, chu...*

"Fuuh, mmm, nnuuuhhhh..."

Desmond continued to restrain the pitiable noble lady while tormenting her swollen bud.

*squeeze❤*

"Fu~hiii❤!"

She shuddered and jolted as he pinched both of her tips. But even that recoil was held back by Desmond, who rubbed and tortured her erect nipples.

――Nn, nn, fuh, fuuuuhh... What's happening to my nipples... Nh, nnffuuuhhh, nku, *gulp*

Jacqueline was made to swallow Desmond's saliva, and for the first time, she felt the pleasure of her breasts being stimulated by the sensual dance of his tongue. Her sealed lips quivered, and her nipples were persistently stimulated.

*ahh, nn, aahh...*

Finally, their lips separated, and drool dripped from her lips as she took a deep breath. However, she soon opened her eyes in shock.

"...Wh-what..."

Desmond extended his tongue, moving it closer to her nipple. Even without recognizing the full extent of his intent, it was clear what he intended to do.

――N-Nn, to think that he'd lick...

With the slippery tongue that had just teased her, he began to lick and caress her nipple.

――If, if he does that, I'll.....

An electrifying sweetness surged within her chest as his tongue met her nipple.

"Uhiiii.....❤"

――Th-this... What is this? What is this...

"*lick*, *lick*."

"Ah, aah, nyaaah!"

With a flickering tongue like a snake, he rolled her nipples. Her instinctive hand movement was restrained by him, her hips pressed against his groin, and the tip of her plump and springy flesh was teased. With each lick and roll of her sensuous bud, a sweet numbness invaded her heart.

"No, no..."

His tongue continued to twirl around her erect nipples, provocatively licking from left to right. Her formerly composed expression now trembled with lasciviousness. When he sucked on the tip, her throat let out a slight whimper as her body bounced.

――Mmm, delicious, *lick* *lick* *lick* *lick*

"Ah, ahh, yes, ❤"

Sensations of pleasure she had never felt before made her moan and quiver. Desmond tormented her nipples until they were soaked, reddened, and trembling. When he released the hand that was holding her down, she clung to him, grabbing his head and writhing her hips.

He could feel the heat of her moist crotch against his groin.

――Mmm, her is getting nicely heated up. ――Gufufu.

"Ah, it's so, good ❤"

She moaned with pleasure as her nipples throbbed. She was not aware of his fingers caressing her waist, buttocks, and thighs under her dress, at least not consciously. She felt the pleasure but didn't focus on what was being done to her. So, she had no reason to notice when his fingers lifted her dress's skirt and slipped beneath.

*Squish...*

When the sticky sensation of sensuality shot sharply between her thighs, Desmond's fingers were already touching her there.

"Ah, hey, where are you touching... Mm..."

Her lips were sealed with his, and his tongue forced its way in. She had her arms around his back, and her slit was traced up and down. Like coaxing pure petals to bloom with his fingers, lightly pressing in to check the honey production.

He gently teased her puffy clitoris, and with a gentle touch, he showed her the pleasures of a woman's body.

"Ungh, nnnn, mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, ❤ ❤"

Her body twitched and shivered as her maidenhood responded to his touch. Her pussy, which have not yet been touched by a man, begin to twitch began to tremble against his fingers, and in response to his movements, her hips wriggle and she clung to him eagerly.

――W-What is happening? What is happening to me? Am I being...transformed by Impregnation Lord? Nuuuuuuuuuu!

As her nectar was smeared and her bud was toyed with, her body reacted with twitches and quivers, and her eyes teared up." Ngg, ngg." Their lips intertwined, she actively sought his tongue, tasted his saliva, and was consumed by it.

"Fu...nnn, ❤"

When his finger pressed against her entrance and parted her folds, a sparkling momentarily blinded her vision. "N-n-n-n...❤" As his finger penetrated her tight inner folds, it squirmed and wriggled inside with squelching and lewd sounds.

――Ahh, I...I can't, I'm losing my mind. What is this, why's he put his fingers inside me..."Ahhhhhh ❤"

She let out a sweet and lewd voice that even surprised herself.

"You moan so beautifully. I will make you feel even better, so go ahead and scream as much as you like."

"Y-You...no..."

She shook her head when he whispered in her ear, but his voice had already penetrated her mind, leaving a lasting impact.

"A disheveled woman is beautiful. Jacqueline, you look so beautiful."

"S.....Stop...please...I...am not❤"

Chills ran down her spine as his words seeped into her mind.

――Oh, no, I... I'm going to be impregnated. This man is trying to impregnate me, and my body is craving it.

The moist interior of her trembling depths clamped tightly around his fingers, squeezing them ❤. At that moment, Jacqueline let out an indecent moan.

"This... this is... incredible..." She stammered, gripping his arm as her lips quivered.

"Yes, it's the sexual art. It's the technique to make a woman desire my child and make her more fertile."

"Fuhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii❤!"

As he pushed his middle finger inside and squashed her clit with the palm of his hand, Jacqueline dug her nails into Desmond's forearm and arched her back. She could feel the shameful juices leaking from her intimate place, something that shouldn't be possible.

――I... I'm going to be impregnated... even though I'm a woman who hasn't had a monthly cycle...

Even in this world, she had knowledge that when her monthly cycle came, she could bear children. So, even at the age of nineteen, she had not yet experienced any, and she was considered unfit to fulfill the role of a woman, a "tool" in aristocratic society, resulting in her confinement at home.

The reason why her father brought her to this social circle was because of the 《witch》's threat.....

When he withdrew his fingers, she let out a sharp breath.

Desmond plays with the stickiness on his fingers right in front of her eyes.

――What's this...?

With vacant eyes, she was unable to resist as he placed his fingers in her mouth and smeared the slippery substance on her tongue.

――strange taste, It's sweet and tangy.....

Nonetheless, she sucked on his fingers like a baby, moaning coming from her throat with what she had produced.

She fidgeted when she felt his fingers moving underneath her skirt and turned her gaze in that direction. Her blue eyes were opened wide, but she couldn't resist due to her weakened state.

"St-stop... no, please..."

She couldn't resist as Desmond's head vanish under her skirt,

*Lick, lick, lick, slurp, slurp, slurp, squish, slurp...*

"Ah, ahh, oh..."

Her hips rose as she lifted her chin. A mixture of shock, embarrassment, and pleasure tossed her about like a ship in a storm.

"Oh, noo! tongue ... Impregnation Lord's tongue is inside me... Ohhhh ❤❤!"

Already lost to pleasure, she writhed and moaned shamelessly in response to the man's tongue movements. He held her delicate thighs and sucked on her virgin honey, creating lewd sounds.

Her clitoris was coated with saliva and virgin honey, licked, sucked, his tongue twisted inside her vagina, stirring her up.

"Fu~hiii, haaa ❤❤! Haaah, haa ❤❤! Haaah ❤❤"

He continued to pleasure her, touching and tormenting her womanhood with his tongue, making her dripping wet and her voice hoarse.

It was then that his thick, strong rod plunged into her virgin depths.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A burning flesh rod. ――

Jacqueline initially thought that as it penetrated her. Her dripping and quivering vagina had changed the pain of defloration into a pleasant sensation that clung to him all the way to the base.

"Ah, ah... oh..."

"Are you okay, Jacqueline? Does it hurt?"

It wasn't painful, but the male intruder filling her made her clamp down on him and overflow with female nectar. Jacqueline was filled with amazement and the blossoming pleasure of the scorching heat of the male that swelled and filled her core.

"I'm...fine...ah... ❤"

She clung to Desmond's back, wrapping her arms around him as if desperately seeking his support. She ran her fingers over his fit yet not overly muscular back, trembling with the reassuring feeling of his hand caressing her head.

With every thrust, she felt him stretching her inside, and her insides squeezing against him. It was as if it was trying to memorize his shape.

"Fu... ah..."

"Yeah, you seem to be enjoying it."

"Heehaee♪"

His sweet voice sent shivers down her spine. Then, slowly, he began moving inside Jacqueline. "Ah, no... ah..."

She clung tightly to him, her expression full of ecstasy. He skillfully moved his huge shaft inside her, circling his hips and eventually finding a sweet spot Jacqueline didn't even know she had. He moved gently, yet persistently, rubbing and stimulating her senses, making her blossom as a woman.

"No, not there, if you rub there... ah ❤ ❤"

His movements were so precise that if it were just some other male rutting into her, she would undoubtedly be crying in pain. Instead, she turns into a maiden at his mercy, clinging tightly to him as her sole anchor.

"Hhhhhhhhhh-aah..."

She was like a beautiful instrument playing in the midst of pleasure.

She wrapped her arms around Desmond's neck and spread her legs wide, all while still dressing indecently with her breasts sticking out. The obscene, squelching sounds emanating from her crotch were enough to make anyone want to cover their ears, echoing from her crotch to her womb, leaving her blushing and her lips trembling.

Sweat glistened on her forehead and dripped to the tip of her well-shaped nose, like morning dew. Her breasts were also soaking with sweat and bounced with every thrust. But her wettest part was...

"No, noo ❤ –Nnghh ❤ ❤"

As she screamed and writhed, begged for release, her lips were sealed by his lips. His tongue invaded, and she sucked on it like a baby.

He lifted her thighs, pushing their pubic bones together as he thrust deeply inside her, causing the aristocratic young lady's back to arch in an indecent pose. His fingers expertly reached for her throbbing fruit. His fingers greedily dug in, flicking her rock-hard nipples. They both moaned into each other's mouths and their union, drenched in their shared fluids, got splattered again with female nectar.

"Haah, haa, haaan ❤, ah, aaahh ❤ ❤"

The bed creaked and squeaked, and in a blistering and debauched look of ecstasy, she accepted him wholeheartedly. The electric current of pleasure that surged from her vagina to her entire body flickered her consciousness, causing her to spasm with each wave.

"I... I'm breaking... I'm getting destroyed... ah, I can't go back to how I used to be. S...so this is the power of 《Impregnation Lord》... ah, no more, I can't... ❤ ❤"

As Desmond thrust his hips, he guided her legs and wrapped them around his waist. Once wrapped tightly, Desmond holds her up.

Their connection was now deeper than ever. She felt her uterus being pushed up. She clung tightly to him, embracing the hot, rigid rod all the way to her innermost depths.

Desmond's gentle fingers caressed her head, and his breath softly penetrated her.

"Jacqueline, I'm going to ejaculate inside you now. Will you bear my child? My dear Jacqueline."

"Yes, yes! Yes! I'll bear it, I'll become pregnant! I'll bear your child in my womb, the offspring of the 《Impregnation Lord》! ❤ ❤ Haaaahhh ❤ ❤"

"Ohhh!"

Desmond ejaculated inside her virgin womb and screamed like a neigh of a stud. It flowed thickly, filling her uterus one after the other. Jacqueline tightly closed her eyes and imagined the seed being poured into her, clinging to him with her arms and legs.

It was the vagina of a virgin who had not even experienced her first menstruation. Yet her first partner was the 《Impregnation Lord》, a reincarnator from another world blessed by the Ero elf blessing. The level gap is more than enough.

*plop*

"――Eh?"

In the midst of the lewd pleasure of being ejaculated inside and her awakening as a woman. And there, his seed rushed in and...

Her egg....receiving it with joy...

"You're pregnant, well done, Jacqueline."

Desmond gently caressed Jacqueline's head from behind.

――Ah, I like this.....

Though she had become docile, Jacqueline continued."

I'm pregnant, truly pregnant. I-I'm glad. I-I am not a useless tool now... You truly are the Impregnating Lord. Thank you.....Thank you very much."

The tears that ran down her cheeks were surely incredibly sweet.

And then.

"Hyaa❤!"

Jacqueline was pushed down. Desmond held and embraced one of her legs, his rod still connected to the recently impregnated womb.

"But Jacqueline, I still want to play with your body."

"Eh, ahh❤"

The huge member filling her vagina remained hard, if anything, even more than before.

"Fuaa, ah❤."

As her vaginal walls rubbed against him again, a different kind of sensuality awakened in her, and she moaned with an affectionate voice. Desmond caught her waist and made her crawl on all fours with her buttocks raised high.

"Wait, like this, stop...ah..."

Even if she screamed in protest, when the man's fingers held onto her supple waist and griped it forcefully, the corners of her eyes drooped and she succumbed to the anticipation of the pleasure. "Ahhhh, ahhhh." as Desmond thrust his hips, a new wave of pleasure surged through her body.

In this way, Jacqueline, who had just become pregnant is now on all four like a bitch, with Desmond thrusting his hips into her from behind.

Even for a newly pregnant woman, the <Ero elf Blessing> was still effective. Without interruption, he thrust his hips vigorously, and her vagina, aware of being his woman, delighted in the strength of his rod.

"Fua, fuaaahh❤" ――My voice....this is so embarrassing. But I can't stop. Besides, it feels so good...

While Jacqueline cry like a bitch in heat, Desmond bit her ear and said."

Such a cute voice. And it's all for me. Let me hear more."

"Yaa❤ Haa, nnnngh❤."

――No....my womb is all his now, the Impregnating Lord. I can't resist something like this... Nn, aahhh❤❤.

Jacqueline felt her hole respond and submitted herself to him.

◇

"So, you also impregnated other women in this manner and made them your own, haven't you...《Impregnation Lord》."

Facing Jacqueline, who was glaring at me with resentment, there was nothing else to do but apologize. However, while tears gathered at the corners of her eyes and her cheeks flushed, she clung to my arm in a cutesy way.

――Gufufu. Well, Charlotte-chan said it should be a quickie, but I couldn't help myself and went for three rounds. But it's all part of the plan. I made her pregnant within thirty minutes, and she's all mellow now.

But I wonder what those tears were for when I impregnated her on the first round? I felt a scent similar to Charlotte-chan's... Oh well, let's not dwell on it. Despite her occasional resentful looks, I feel relieved by the way she would occasionally touch her belly.

Isn't this the true joy of being Impregnating Lord? ――Wait, no! I'm not Impregnation Lord! but when I return to the hall with her, there's no way to shake that name off now. I told Jacqueline-chan she could call me Desmond, but she wouldn't stop calling me Impregnation Lord.

――Sigh.

But I could easily eat three bowls of rice with her face turning red and stuttering when she tried to call me Desmond as a side dish.

So, even though I cast the 【Heal】 it seems she still feels the sore. I held her waist to support her as she stumbled around.

And now, the doors to the social gathering hall, open!

As I held the noble daughter's waist and she clung to my arm. The knight ladies, who had already become my girls and impregnated by me, were either smiling or looking at me warmly.

But Liz-chan's gaze is freezing cold!

I can't wait to impregnate her.

We're waiting for the replacement personnel from the mother-in-law.

"Now, Lord Damwead, what are the results?" Jacqueline's father approached and asked.

――Did you impregnate my daughter properly? The way he asked me that at the very beginning of the conversation made me horrified. But.

"Well, Father." Jacqueline said, as if deeply moved, "I'm pregnant. I was impregnated by 《Impregnation Lord》!"

"Oh!" The crowd roared.

――Ah, yes, it's only natural for them to react that way.

But when I looked, Jacqueline's father...

"Oh, oh, oh!....."

Why are you getting so emotional over here? And you're starting by looking at Margaret-sama first and saying something with your eyes? So, it's the influence of the witch, huh?.....

"Lord Damwead, I mean,《Impregnation Lord》!" He took my hand and shook it vigorously. "Thank you! You did well too, Jacqueline!"

Is it really okay to say "You did well"?

And is "Impregnation Lord" a compliment?

The noble gazed at Jacqueline and me.

"Moreover, for treating Jacqueline so kindly..."

It seems he's talking about me supporting her hips. Well, it's a bit embarrassing in front of her parents, but I pulled her closer.

she yelp.

"Of course, she's carrying my child. So she's one of my precious women already. Of course, she still is even if she doesn't get pregnant..."

Well, I can't leave this without a follow-up, you know? Liz is giving me this intense, I'm gonna kill you stare, not her usual fuck-me stare.

"Impregnation Lord..." Jacqueline gently rested her head on my shoulder. This left her father wide-eyed. So, that's officially my title now, huh?

——Sigh.

"What, Jacqueline being so affectionate like that..."

It's embarrassing in front of her parents, but if that's what she wants...

"I don't mind. In fact, I'm happy." I said, patting her shoulder. And she yelps again.

"Wow, she was taken in by Desmond-sama, just like that..."

"Wait, I've heard that men change when they're at home so..."

"It's okay. Desmond-sama is like that even at home. And he's even more affectionate than that..."

The lord's wife said so with her girlish appearance and made many girl's eyes filled with expectant and went "kyaa kyaa."

"Hail to Impregnation Lord!"

Stop that! Who was it? It was a woman's voice! How indecent!

"As expected of the Impregnation Lord..." ——As expected? But it's not just teasing, it's a whole different matter now, isn't it?

And then, someone yelled, "Impregnation Lord!"

"Impregnation Lord!"

"Impregnation Lord!"

And with that, a dreadful chant began.

Stop it! You're all nobles! Stop with this elementary school bullying!

But my inner voice fell on deaf ears, and the Impregnation Lord chant continued.

"Fufufu, as expected of Lord Desmond. This is what suits the debut of Margrave Aldora Desmond Terrace."

Hey, can you stop now? This is turning into some kind of demon king's tale. And no matter how much I endure the 'Impregnation Lord' chant, I won't raise my hand like some dictator.

A girl was supported by my arm, just impregnated by me.

Most of the young ladies in this venue have already been impregnated by me. And those who haven't been are waiting to be impregnated, offering themselves as a symbol of their connection to me.

Is there no room for leniency? Is it nothing but 'Impregnation Lord' for me?

——Sign.

And then,

"Desmond-sama likes it when the ladies are all charming like that. And, when it comes to being a refined lady, that's something I..."

In response to Margaret-sama's soft-spoken words, there were young girls who couldn't help but shudder. ——the 'Witch' lady's education! The social scene is booming. ——Wait, is the social world supposed to have this sporty party vibe?

——I don't understand.

"Of course, Desmond-sama is in charge of the nighttime session today."

"...Well, that's fine then!"

And just like that, my first social encounter in <Aldora> was a bit disappointing...well, it wasn't that bad, but... somehow, I couldn't help but think that way.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Haah.....finally.....

After impregnating Jacqueline-chan, I impregnated three other girls as they requested. Of course, all three at the same time. —— There's no helping it if they want it right? While waiting their turn, the noble young ladies's faces turned bright red as they couldn't bear the anticipation of whether they would be next to experience it themselves. One by one, I skillfully and thoroughly allowed those girls to blossom into fine, naughty women, ensuring they were properly impregnated. ——Gufufu.

However,

the chants of "Impregnation Lord", never stopping!

Please, have mercy!

I was just about to slip out and take a breath on the balcony. It's not because I want a quick smoke. Just to be clear.

...nevertheless,

I've impregnated them all. I placed my hand on my waist and twisted it around and humped the air... Hmm-hmm, this proud waist of mine has impregnated countless girls.

The stars were twinkling in the sky as if accusing me with their brightness... Hmm, it's probably nothing, I'm fine, I'm fine, I tell myself that, but my tone sounds strange, as if there's something dirty about it...

Hooaah!?

— Uh-oh, I managed to stop myself from making a strange noise, but who...? Who dares to address me in such a manner here? I am the 《Impregnation Lord》you know!... This is bad, I shouldn't make it a habit to introduce myself like that... Except when sneaking into a girl's bed, of course.

And, the one who called out to me was a guy, right? ― Yep, my sensors aren't buzzing. He was a cute boy who looked like a girl at first glance, a shota. Well, a shota who could be mistaken for a trap is pretty much still a trap, isn't it? That sure right it is. He was dressed in short pants, like the kind of outfit that older ladies in that particular circle would delight in. Some refined gentlemen and ladies might argue that if it's just regular boy's clothing so he can't be a trap, but if someone says things like, 'There's no way such a cute kid isn't a girl.' it's likely that they would just nod their heads and remain silent.

With blonde hair and blue eyes, a signature that seems to belong anywhere in high society but is rarely seen in the common folk's world....Eh, was there such a boy today?

"Um, hello?"

He tilts his head down and looks up at me from an upward glance. This is sure to excite the hearts of those guys in that particular fetish.―― But, it doesn't resonate with me, okay? Just making it clear.

However, in a world devoid of eros, surely he is not the only one who would ask about my hip movements if this is the secret to a successful conception. ――Well, if Impregnation Lord is making some strange hip movements, quite a few people might think that's the secret, I guess.

"You're too young to think about this." I make a responsible response like a capable big brother. As a noble, he must have already received some kind of sexual education about what impregnation entails.

"Eeeh~..." He pouts.

Yep, 'There's no way such a cute kid isn't a girl.' ――this cuteness is the kind that might spark a blaze even in those who realize it's actually a trap, a sinful allure.

But I'm not, okay? Just making it clear. I'm not trying to convince myself of anything.

"Can you teach me?... I also want to make more women pregnant. Is that no good?"

He grabbed the hem of my clothes, tilted his head, and begged me with his clear blue eyes.

――Kuh, does this shota boy understand his own cuteness?...Eh? Did he just say 'more'?

Then, he smirked mischievously——yes, mischievously.

"Ei~♪"

"Hey!"

He reached out to the precious impregnating rod of the Impregnation Lord. And then, with a squish...

"Hmm, it seems that the secret does not reside within the genitalia..."

Stop! What if I awaken to that side?!

"Wai-sto-stop it!"

I impulsively grab his shoulder to pull him off. Hey, what's up with this trap? He seems to be pouring magic into my crotch somehow... 【Sense】? Right. This shota is so cute and innocent that she could only be the child of a noble family, right? But he's also quite forceful. I wonder what kind of education his parents have given him!

"..... Huh? It's getting a little harder.....?"

Oh, shit!

"Stoo――op!"

"Whoa!"

I cranked【Physical Enhancement】 to the max and pushed him. ——gently....

Then, as if wanted to check the lingering sense, he was making some fluent motion hand gesture..... ――As I said! Don't stir me into that path! However, since there is no Eros in this world, these actions are nothing but innocent.

——The wickedness somehow coming full circle to innocence?

"Hey, isn't your penis starting to get hard now?"

He looks innocent ―― so innocent.

"So, just one more time..."

"Hell no! Stop!" I grabbed his shoulder to stop him. ――I was surprised at how strong he was! Is this another benefit of magic?

"Ggggggggggggggggggg... Just a little bit, just let me touch your penis a bit more."

"Nnnnnnooooo~..... gggggg....."

Me, 《Impregnation Lord》's hands intertwined with a shota, pushing each other on the balcony under the starry sky.

——This is becoming an issue.

...What? Why am I, who was supposed to be today's hero, ending up like this without anyone knowing on this balcony?

――I don't understand.

However, I can't afford to let my guard down by such things.

"Gnununununu..."

"Gnununununu..."

This shota is unexpectedly strong, What? I've already circulated quite a bit of magical power into 【Physical Enhancement】 ... and yet...By the way, "Chicken Sense Sense" refuses to activate as usual. This useless skill!

"What are you doing, Desmond-sama?"

Oh, a message from my beloved wife. But how do I explain this situation? Being groped by this 'There's no way such a cute kid isn't a girl.' type kid I met on the balcony, and I'm seriously trying to prevent him from doing it again by using max power 【Physical Enhancement】.

"You are explaining it."

——Oh, right.

Thank you for understanding so quickly! "Ooooh!

"Wha, why am I being pushed back?!"

I exerted strength into my lower abdomen and pushed the boy. His wide-eyed expression was adorable. I almost felt like pushing him down just like that....No, no, no, no, I don't have that thought! Not at all.

—And then,

"Eh? Desmond-sama, going all out....on a cute boy?..."

Oh, it's a message from Margaret-sama.

That's right, you know, this boy is strong... "That boy....no way, Gra-?... ahem..."

——Huh? So, Margaret-sama is indeed the mother of Charlotte-chan and Teresa?

"What do you mean by that?"

——Ugh, the double scrutinizing is indeed doubly heavy. But just now, Margaret-sama has blurted out something...

"Desmond-sama! I'll be sending Teresa-chan right away! Please catch that geezer――....that boy, I mean!"

"Fuhahahaha! Permission granted! I'm going!"

With great anticipation, Teresa Onee-sama logs into "heart communication" channel. —Yes, she's still going full volume "Fuhahahaha" even in her mind ––So much so that Margaret-sama forbade it, As I thought, it must be because of her age. ."――Ahh?"

"Eeek! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"

But my hope was already shattered by Lady Margaret.

"Well then, Desmond-sama, I'll receive your apology on the bed. After that, I'll teach you that I'm still indeed very, very young..."

I sense nothing but a looming disaster. ——It's keeps on coming!

"Fuhahahaha! I've arrived!"

She burst through the door leading to the balcony with her kick. Amidst the scattered wood chips, she appeared in a white dress wrapped in a plump body with tanned skin. The straight platinum blonde hair swayed gently, looking beautiful and dependable despite being my third wife.

——How reliable! But that door was brand new...

And

*boing boing boing*

With each move, her enormous, almost bursting chest bounces. Unlike the usual noblewoman's dress, it emphasizes the richness of her bosom with an excessively bold design. The deep V-neckline was so wide that if it were a little bit wider, both of her tips would surely say "Hello there!" to the world.

*Grins*

With her youthful beauty (and behavior), she fiercely revealed an appearance that belied her age of forty. Her large emerald eyes twisted aggressively, giving her a fierce and unyielding gaze.

But, she had been sent by Lady Margaret for a mission,

"Go get 'em, Br●aker!"

But the opponent she was sent to deal with was...

"So? What's the matter, Desmond? Standing like that all by yourself?"

"――Fue?"

And I, as someone in my late twenties, let out a somewhat inappropriate sound. But it couldn't be helped. Because, as pointed out by her, I am standing alone, exactly in the posture of a one-man sumo 'gununununu' -ing match.

I waved my hands in the air...

——Huh? Wasn't he here just now? Even if I don't have such preferences, he's a guy who makes one unintentionally deviate from the path of humanity with the thought, 'There's no way such a cute kid isn't a girl.'...

"You look like you're about to push someone down. Were you trying to impregnate someone again?"

"I wasn't!!"

I shouted! I shouted with all my heart!

"Fuhahahaha, so you're practicing pushing women down, truly fitting for the title Impregnation Lord."

"Oh? So he's practicing pushing women down? As expected, as expected of the Impregnation Lord."

Somehow, I hear a voice coming from somewhere far away. Oh well, since everyone is noble, it's only common to use 【Physical Enhancement】 for 【Auditory Enhancement】 or something like that to eavesdrop.

No, it might just be that my voice was loud.

But,

"Desmond-sama? I have told you repeatedly, haven't I? I told you to be careful about eavesdropping. I can't believe I forgot....."

Yes, I'm really sorry!

I bowed my head with all my heart through "heart communication" . —Now, the problem is, whose voice was just now, mother's or daughter's? Either way, it's definite that I'll be disciplined on the bed... —Sigh.

...But, thinking about it, there are many things I don't understand.

Until a moment ago, I didn't use things like [Soundproof], but when I was dealing with that shota earlier, [Soundproof] seemed to have been activated... Moreover, he seemed to be able to counter my full-power [Physical Enhancement]—— And until a while ago, he had managed to avoid detection by Margaret-sama and Teresa Onee-sama, and he seemed to be able to sense the Charlotte's "heart communication".

Could it be.. that he's not a typical 'There's no way such a cute kid isn't a girl.' type of shota, but more of a 'Is shota like this really exists?' type of shota.

—*Grip❤*

Still frozen in the pose of struggling with him, my fingers were entwined with the tan fingers of Teresa-sama instead. And, her tan cheek was a bit red.

"Desmond, husband, instead of practicing pushing someone down alone, why not just push me down♪"

*Squeeze, squish, squish,*

The pregnant third wife——no, she became quite a lovely older sister after getting pregnant... I hope it's not due to a lack of tension. —And the lord who forgot about the matter of eavesdropping earlier...

"【Soundproof】" After the protection, I intertwined my fingers with hers in a lover's grip.

"Fuhaha♪"

She was easily drawn in,

Our lips lock in a passionate embrace, confirming our desire for one another. Arms wrapped tightly around each other's backs, we pull each other closer.

"Teresa, you look beautiful."

"Fuhahaha, this kind of thing isn't bad either. Hahaha."

"Onee-sama blushing cheeks are cute."

"Nn, don't say such things... Nn..."

I covered his lips with mine, our tongues entwined, rubbed against each other.

"Desmond... ❤" Onee-sama's tanned body is melting, and her voice is as sweet as if mixed with plenty of sugar."

"Teresa..."

We embraced each other, enjoying the firm caress of our mouths.

"Onee-sama! ? Wait a minute, that's my turn! So that's why it's all silent up until now... ――Gunununununnu!"

"My, my, Teresa-chan, how daring."

While listening to her sister's and mother's voices, Teresa and I hugged each other tightly under the starry sky, and we shared a passionate and sticky kiss.

◇

"As expected of 《Duke Phantom》. To think that you can break through both me and 《Walpurgis》."

"Oh my, looks like I've been caught..."

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ah, Aaa, An, Aa.....❤"

At the guesthouse that was created for socializing, on its balcony overlooking the stars, the joy of the lewd woman was heard bouncing around. Graping the slender waist of her white dress, and her brown seductive hips *- smack - smack - smack*

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*, the usual sound of flesh striking rose provocatively, challenging the stars.

"Ha ha ha haan~❤ Desmond still wants to impregnate me despite the fact that I'm already pregnant...this is totally against the rules..."

My own meat bucket, custom-made for me, is attempting to extract the seed from me. I shove it in, swivel my hips, and furiously grind it against Teresa's weak points.

"Fah, hooo... ❤ It's like I'm getting simmering slowly over a low heat. Fufufa... aaan ❤ Ah, being melted into squishiness...It's like I belong to Desmond to the very core of my bones. Fuhaha ❤"

If she's saying that so happily, then my dick will inevitably swell up inside her even more. I'll press down on her and scoop up her ripe fruit while rubbing her clit, making sure it's fully hard before rolling the swollen tip around.

*Pinched――Squeeze ❤*

"Hiiii" ❤❤

"You're so cute, I love you, Teresa."

"Hhhhhh ❤❤ ❤ impregnate me, more.....❤"

――Gufufu.

Chuckling inside, I continue to enjoy her body.

Inside her sister's skill "Ero Space"!

Charlotte, who is waiting in line, hugs her arms around her full breasts and tightly squeezes them. ――the white, explosive fruit is pushed up so high that they're about to spill out! ――Gufufu.

...But is it really alright to leave her out like that? Charlotte's "Ero space" was being used to molest Teresa from behind. It's questionable why she would do something like that even though they both agreed on it.

――Why not just take her too?

"Hmph...hnnggg❤❤...It feels so good when he pulls my nipples like that.....my ears, it's so tickles❤❤"

A superb female body (Onee-chan) writhing in my arms as I hold her close to me. There is no reason not to fuck this.

"As expected of《Impregnation Lord》. Despite facing the likes of that geeze-...《Duke Phantom》 He still has the mood to ravish Teresa-chan so vigorously... Next, it shall be me."

"No, it is me!"

"Then, let's go together."

"As if I have any choice."

――Gufufu. I can't stop smiling obscenely at mothers and daughters waiting for my dick. Margaret-sama was also here of course. But,

――《Duke Phantom》

That seems to be the alias of a "shota gramp." not a shota boy. And his name is Michael Meigas. There might be a long middle name or something inserted there, but honestly, do you think I can remember all that!

"Ah, by the way, Desmond-sama? do you happen to know the name of the Prime Minister of this country?"

"....."

"I'll learn about it later."

My wife and mother-in-law are terrifying. But why are you asking me such a thing now?

...However, Duke Phantom.

By that name alone, we're talking about a power level that doesn't seem to be in the same world of "Impregnation Lord" at all! If there's something I excel in, it's SAN value! I was with that shota old man on this balcony, lacing our fingers and pushing each other. There was no chance against for "Impregnation Lord" even if it was on the bed! Moreover, a duke! That person with a 'Pe' in their name was a marquis, but this is higher, meaning the highest title excluding the royal family...

"He's one of the three major ducal families of the Kingdom, Desmond-sama, do you know the names of the other two?"

"....."

"I'll learn about it later."

My wife and mother-in-law are really terrifying.

――But? Am I being purged? Did I seriously enter the purge route...?

―― I can't deny that I'm a little desperate, even though I can't stop myself from banging my brown sister from behind. But with this older sister, I feel like she'll accept it anyway, and more than that...

"Ah❤ Fuhaha, pent-up frustration, am I receiving Desmond's pent-up frustration? Good! unleash more of your dark, passionate libido. What a breaking of rules!..... Or? shall I comfort my husband by offering my body... Haha. Perhaps I'm more like a proper wife?"

――Hmm, I don't see any issues.

In fact, I am healed by her writhing and crying. I spank her, play with her nipples and flower buds, and fuck her.

And from left and right her sister and her own mother twirl around me.

"Don't worry, Desmond-sama. We will not be purged. After all, it was originally Mother who invited him――"

Eh!? invite the duke!? Without the lord's permission!? I, now, a baron, the lowest rank, and he, a duke, the highest rank. ――Huh? Did my wife and mother-in-law throw me into the purge route?

"That's true, that old man is a rascal, but it seems he did decide to visit Desmond-sama from the start. The fact that he came without replying to the invitation can only be described as wicked. But I don't think he ought to purge us, you still have to give credit for the skill of the Impregnation Lord, who was able to impregnate four women in just one day...."

Upon hearing that, I still really don't understand why I wasn't purged.

The fingers of my wife and mother-in-law on either side stroked my chin. The fingers intertwined, pressing their respective tits against me, while the other hands reached my inner thigh.

Oooohhhh, ohhhh..... my balls, my left and right balls are being gently rolled around.

"Hah! Desmond is trembling in my vagina! Come on, let out your pent-up feelings into my vagina!"

*Guguguguguugu*, she tightly squeezes her hot, sweet, and strong muscle fibers. Having my balls fondles, I clench my ass and grit my teeth. Endure the feeling that my seeds are about to spill out.

*Chu, chu, kiss~*

Fuooh! Licking and kissing the nape from both sides.

"Ohhhh ❤ come, Desmond, cum inside me.....❤"

With a sucking sound, her cervix reaches downwards and sucks me. Ah, that's too much.

*splurt* *splurt* *spluuuuuurt❤❤!*

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh....."――Ahh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming a lot, I'm cumming in Teresa's vagina. Oh, that feels so good.....

"Fufuahahaahaaa❤ Ahahaahaaa❤"

Onee-sama's body bounces as the seed juice is poured into her, the semen is poured into her uterus, and it swallows the embarrassing liquid.

"Desmond-sama, tongue please. chu♪"

"Chu♪"

As commanded by my beloved wife, I entwine both tongues of daughter and mother.

――Oh, ooh, I'm ejaculating into Teresa, I can't stop.

"Chup, chup, chup....." "Erururu....."

I continued to cum into her sister while enjoying the tonguing of my wife and my mother-in-law.

――Gufufufu.

◇

"Seems like you're doing well, Duke Phantom. Kuku."

"You seem quite energetic too, gray Hound. In fact, have you become even more lively?"

The stars blinked restlessly. A country road leading outside of Aldora. The nobles who had come from outside were amazed and fascinated by the tranquil rural scenery and the surprisingly serene and somewhat idyllic atmosphere of Aldora, rumored to be an uninhabited land. ――Some people swore at the scenery, but they felt somewhat guilty about undermining it.

On that road, there was a dog.

A gray, medium-sized dog. Its fluffy decorative fur resembled eyebrows and a mustache. However, the dog blocking the road, stands in front of 'There's no way such a cute kid isn't a girl.'-boy or 'Is shota like this really exists?'-shota.

With rustling, the flesh of the dog swelled. It burgeoned into the size of a calf—no, the magnitude of a full-grown cow, saturating the muscle as it exuded the overwhelming presence of a beast, and the pressure of the beast was blasting at him.

"Oh, how scary. To bare such terrifying fangs to a helpless little boy like me."

He cowered his shoulders playfully, still acting cute.

His golden hair sparkled as if gathering the light of the stars, and his blue eyes were as clear as if they had completely captured the blue sky inside. He was clad in a short pants look that would be greeted with applause by certain cycles of people.

"Hoho, what are you saying? I'm not baring any fangs—just trying to protect a lost boy."

The guard dog. The old man seemed to want to be that.

"Hey? Didn't you just call me Duke Phantom a while ago? Could it be that you're senile?"

"Kuku, I don't want to hear that from you. Or is your mind as young as your appearance? Not enjoying growing old is a sign of senility, isn't it?"

"Well, aren't you awfully rusty in the head?"

The wind was chilling.

A dog as big as a cow. Against him was a little boy.

"Do you know what will happen if you lay a hand on me?"

"Hoho, what will happen you say? You, of all people, pulling the boring power play card? In that case, I'll let you go on your way. An old guy with that level of dullness is not fun, you know."

"...Ahaha."

"Kukuku."

The two elderly monsters laughed at each other.

"Ah, I like it. That's the 'gray Hound' for you. My comrade.

"Ah, splendid. That's the gray Hound for you. My friend. Visiting <Aldora> to see you was worthwhile."

"Duke Phantom. My not-so-good old friend. I'd say I'm excited for our long-awaited match."

The dog bared its fangs.

Leisurely, the boy's presence grew faint.

"Duke Phantom." from one of the Kingdom's three major ducal houses with its current head serving as the Prime Minister—an influential figure in the nation. The impending clash between the former head of the family and the elderly butler was on the verge of unfolding in a location unbeknownst to the lord.

It seems the two have known each other for a long time.

But what if the old man, with all his energy, were to obliterate them?

——That would be the moment when Desmond would become a target for the purge.....

all of this happens without the lord's knowing.

And speaking of the lord who's now cumming inside the 'Platinum Breaker,'

◇

"An❤ An❤ Ah, ahhhh❤❤"

"Ah, oyakodon, delicious."

"Oh, Desmond-sama, you must not stimulate me so much❤"

I had Margaret-sama in the middle, Charlotte on the left, and Teresa on the right.

I lined up all the Terrace ladies and had them lean against the balcony railing in their dresses, sticking out their bottoms, rolling up their skirts, and pulling their panties down to their knees.

Thrusting into is the one in the middle. On the right and left, I had my middle finger in their honeypots and my thumb in their back holes.

Umm, this kind of thing needs to be dealt with immediately. ――Gufufu.

While fiddling with the holes of the daughters on the left and right, I thrust my hips into the hole where they were born. The three different sounds are irresistible. and although only Charlotte's belly is starting to swell, the mother and older sister are already carrying my child.

With my rigid erection, I first teach my mother-in-law who the father of the child she is carrying.

"Ahhh❤ Desmond-sama, it's Desmond-sama's child❤ Unuuu❤"

Mother-in-law, aren't your voices louder than the daughters? Moreover, you are so plump and juicy that you wouldn't think they are mothers of women that are almost forties and thirties.――Good, good, I'm sure she'll give birth to healthy children.

"Ufufu, that's right, I've been keeping myself ready to give birth to Desmond-sama's child."

Looking at her, Margaret-sama was looking at me with a bewitching gaze, her neck bent. She licked her pink lips a little, and the indecent twist of her red tongue. The luster of her lips, like wet and glossy petals...

Moreover, she has a youthful beauty that makes her look like Charlotte's younger sister.

"Un, fuu...❤ It's gotten bigger❤"

――I don't think I can win against her!

"Hmm..."

――glare!

My wife and her sister are watching me.

"Desmond-sama really likes it that way....."

"Fuhaha! Shall I show you then!"

The sisters licked their lips.

Charlotte-chan has a slightly bratty cuteness, while her older sister gives off a fierce gal vibe...――Great!

I slam my hips and move my fingers, giving it to them.

Three charming mother-daughter cries loudly.

――Ah, my seed is bubbling up. I'll first ejaculate plenty inside my mother-in-law's vagina with this.

"Oh, oh, ohoo..."

I ejaculated mercilessly. The meat pot squeezed me tightly, the pulsation of it was too pleasant.

"Fuu..."

When I exhale.

"Ufufu, did it feel good, Desmond-sama? I also felt very good, too... The child in my belly is also very pleased."

"I'm next. Neither your mother nor onee-sama would be a part of this without me, the rightful wife."

"Me next, thrust into me, and ejaculate, Desmond! Fuhahahaha!"

The terrace girls, shaking their voluptuous ass, asking for more.――Yes, it's a mouth-watering sight. The meat pillar that doesn't wither in Margaret-sama's fleshpot is swelling and asserts itself to her.

Then, next is Charlotte-chan.

"Yay❤ Hurry, hurry up."

The 29-year-old girl shaking her ass, her honey dripping ――So erotic and cute...

The lasciviously distorted, dazzlingly glowing three pairs of emerald eyes, eyes, eyes! They are like big, big jewels, and they are just like jewels, and they make me think that women are devils with their terrifying looks.

Twisted in lascivious allure, three pairs of emerald eyes gleam vividly in the night—eyes, eyes, eyes! Like big, enchanting gems, truly bewitching and captivating, one might even believe that jewels are inherently bewitching, and these women are like magical creatures.

...I feel like I've wandered into a den of carnivores, is it just my imagination?

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The earth and the stars quake silently. The wheel of fate spun and creaked.

"――Kukuku, is it this way?"

"Well?"

Under the starry sky, the claws of a dog with a body as large as a cow descend. From below, it appeared as if they were tearing through the very fabric of the night sky. Looking up from below, it's like the night sky is getting torn apart. If those claws shred the boy, they'll tear through Desmond's fate too. As the body of the boy faded away like a faint mist, the dog's face twisted with delight. 《Duke Phantom》. It had been a while since they last met,

――He's still going strong.

Now, showing movements befitting that title, Randolph twirled the giant dog's body around. The tail, covered in needle-like hairs, tears everything it touches to shreds. If the Shota Boy were to be torn apart, it would undoubtedly be Desmond's fate that was torn.

*thud*

The figure of the boy then suddenly appears as if mocking the 《Gray Hound》. Then the dog's fangs draw near.

As if tearing apart Desmond's fate, the delicate thread of danger dissolves into mist, linking to another place. And.

A knife plunged into the dog's fur. Then it vanished as if merely a ghost.

"That's tough. It's even tougher than before." The boy wielded a knife and vanished.

"Well, anything less wouldn't cut it as the young master's butler."

"――Oh?" The boy's eyes twisted. It carried an enigmatic allure, if had to put it in words, some could even say it was enchanting.

However, if Desmond had heard this he'd think, 'Is my surroundings really so dangerous!?

"Desmond Damwead." The boy—no, the old ghost Michael Magus said, his tone like he's enjoying a tasty candy.

"Yeah, for sure—to put it like you said, I guess he's pretty 'interesting,' right? He can push me by using just 【Physical Enhancement】. I haven't been pushed back like that since with 《Platinum Breaker》."

"――Hoho, that's right." The old man, like a delighted grandfather, though with a dog's face.

Michael's voice is like the singing of an angel. "Furthermore, unlike when he was racking up small accomplishments as the 《Heretic of Damwead》—though, honestly, I think he deserves credit for that, don't you think? Now, he's not only impregnated the Terrace family's second daughter, who was supposed to be unable to bear children but also caused the downfall of the Swift family and is now about to assume the title of Earl of Terrace and become Desmond Terrace Aldora, the Aldora Margrave. Adoption negotiations are quite troublesome among nobles, but with the 《Witch of Terrace》, it's not that difficult." He said, his eyes showing a strange glint. "Furthermore, isn't she also pregnant? The Witch carrying Desmond's child... Considering the circumstances, he likely won't be given a choice... Desmond is in quite a predicament. Still, impregnating that old hag――truly befitting the title of 《Impregnation Lord》."

He shuddered, the idea of that old hag wearing such a girlish expression goes beyond horrifying.

"Agreed." another old man nodded.

The old man in the guise of a dog and the old man in the guise of a boy contemplated the old woman in the guise of a girl. Aldora—truly a bizarre land. Compared to the era when the land was laid to waste and monsters roamed unchecked, which one is more inhospitable?

And Desmond-sama, the owner of the land, would surely wept tears of joy when he was officially recognized as the 《Impregnation Lord》by the Duke.

"《Witch of Terrace》, 《Platinum Breaker》,《Blue Demon》, 《Red Demon》." 《Duke Phantom》 in the form of a boy counted them on his fingers. "...Oh right, I guess I'll have to add 《White Flames Empress 》 and 《Ephemera》 Oh, also, 《Gray Hound》... Haha, with 《Aldora Knight》 and the connections of their houses, greater than just that of the Margrave. Plus, with the self-sufficiency of this territory, high literacy rates, and the 《D Children》.....Although the size of the land is still small, but if it continues to grow like this, it will surely become another kingdom. First a Heretic, now Impregnation Lord, and next,

――King.

The elderly man in the form of a young boy, the predecessor of the Megus family that produced the prime minister of this country, curled his lips in an expression whose true intentions remained inscrutable.

"Well, something like this couldn't possibly be investigated in a single day." but if it had been under investigation before, it would have ruined the reputation of the Gray Hound, which is in charge of counterintelligence in this territory.

"Ahaha, you can rest assured. I learned this from the Witch. So that I, 《Duke Phantom》, can decide whether to recommend him for the title of Earl of Terrace or not..."

He smiled charmingly, wearing a noble expression that Desmond couldn't imitate. However, Randolph, not intimidated or enticed by it, remained calm.

"――Huh." and the Duke twisted his lips with a boyish face. "I think it's a good idea. I will recommend him. After all, as you say, it sounds more 'interesting' this way."

"Hoho, I'm grateful."

"Of course, unless he shows disloyalty to the Kingdom—but he's not that kind of a guy." He then remembered something, squeezed his hands, and exhaled, "The other two houses will probably resist, and honestly, because of his few achievements, he'll have to fulfill a few conditions."

*Grin.*

He smirks with the face of a mischievous boy.

"I thought you'd say that. And, I have already guessed about those conditions already."

"――Boring."

"Because I have no intention of playing your game."

"Too bad."

"Hoho."

Thus, the dog bared its fangs. "So, you've seen enough, it's time for you to be on your way."

"Really? But you wouldn't just let me go, would you?"

Haha, hoho, the laugh intertwined, sounding like a clash of swords.

"――Hoho, it's hospitality." and the dog bared its fangs. "If I didn't properly entertain someone who would recommend our master, it would be a failure as a butler."

"No, no, it's a courteous reception, much appreciated."

*Grin*

*Grin*

Then, the dog's and the boy's, as if waiting for signal,

――Leap.

◇

"I apologize Desmond-sama, but he managed to escape. I tried my best to slaughter him, but considering the surrounding damage, I decided it was better not to..."

"....."

――Hah, what a mess.

"Desmond-sama, may I have a moment?"

This is what Grandpa said to me after the party ended. Huh? What's the overall result of all this? Well, it was a success, a huge sex-...no, a huge success.

We received several daughters as a sign of friendship and built friendly relations with each other, and it seems they were impressed by the crops in our territory, as trade requests poured in. The financial team, led by Liz-chan, takes care of that, so I just sign them as usual. Also, those who didn't bring their daughters today are planning to offer them in the future...

The title 《Impregnation Lord》 is gaining popularity! Maybe it's better that way because they don't call me the Demon King yet.

――Seriously!

Now, the 《Duke Phantom》 matters.

――Hmm, it's good to deal with an intruder. I couldn't handle him in the first place. However, you see, ――Hey, old man. From the way you're talking, knowing that the other party is the former duke, and you, an old man of nothing more than a knighthood, tried to slaughter someone who can crush a baron like me by authority alone?

――Huh? Is this a roundabout attempt to have me executed? ――I don't understand.

But what did that Shota old man, not Shota Boy, want to do? He touched my c×ck, wrestled with me, and then disappeared. Hmm, he disappeared. Truly, the "Duke Phantom" is quite something. Perhaps he's skilled in that kind of magic.

"No, that's not it. While such magic is indeed one of the reasons for his title, it was because he has slaughtered countless enemies on the battlefield and sent them to the afterlife, with reverence like Duke of the Underworld." Margaret-sama said.

"However, it's been a while since we faced each other, and he seems quite active. Escaping the defense of both me and 《Walpurgis》..."

Grandpa seemed frustrated. ――Hmm, it seems I miraculously survived nine out of ten deaths.

Moreover, did I just not hear another unfamiliar term just now? Seems like some thing important is progressing without my knowledge?

"I need to keep training, Desmond-sama. Are you coming with me?"

Stop! I don't need your invitation!

I vigorously shook my head to refuse, but Margaret-sama...

"That would be great. In that case, please invite Walpurgis as well."

"Hoho, how wonderful."

Hmm, no? ――Hey, I haven't agreed to any of this, right?

"However, it seems Desmond-sama seems to take an interest in Duke Phantom. If you think we're lacking, you can..."

What the heck! What happened? Speak up! Apologize, apologize right now for sending him an invitation behind my back!

But no one paid attention to me. ――Well, I'm making sure my inner thoughts don't show outwardly, though? ――sign.

And the old man, without hiding his joy, said, "That would be interesting in its own way. Now, to achieve independence from the 'Kingdom'..."

Stop! Don't say any more!

――Huh? What's happening? Is today's social gathering already plunged Aldora into a life-and-death situation? Is the lord beyond the mosquito net? The stage features two major figures, the 《Witch of Terrace》 and the 《Gray Hound》, with the special guest 《Duke Phantom》. It seems completely out of place for the 《Impregnation Lord》 to climb onto the stage.

Fine! I'll climb on the bed then! (Bitter tears)

Or better yet,

Can you do your job? "Chicken sense"...

Ugh, this is too much!

It seems that around me, there are only enemies.

◇

"And what about the personality of Desmond Damwead?"

"There's no issue. However, ―― allowing someone like him who hasn't even been on the battlefield and achieved anything notable to inherit the Earl title will likely cause a significant backlash. He is the Heretic of Damwead after all."

"Ah, I understand that. But if we don't permit it, who knows what the witch might do..."

"Exactly. Therefore, I have a good proposal. Achieving merit on the battlefield isn't the only way to contribute to the war effort."

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a dazzlingly erotic space.

The room was filled with women in their underwear. Some were embarrassed by their current selves, but some stirred up their lust, bringing out the degeneracy and allure of this space.

A variety of lithe, supple feminine bodies, wrapped in various provocative underwear, filled the room. It was as if delicate flowers were blooming among all these gatherings. Or rather, they were the flowers themselves.

Desmond, also in his underwear, sat at the center with his wife on either side and their mother on his lap. The room itself served as a bed to accommodate the acts between men and women, it was covered with soft mats, allowing activities to take place anywhere in the room.

"Desmond-sama," Charlotte's voice is depicted with sweet marks.

"Fuhahaha, this is truly a violation, a taboo," Teresa, her sister, pressed her tanned body against him, looking pleased.

"As expected of the Impregnation Lord," Margaret's white fingers stroked his thigh.

Desmond's crotch was already standing erect, trembling beneath the underwear. A lewd stain on the tip.

"Wow..."

——A fiery furnace of passion. Denying that he is the Impregnation Lord seems impossible already. Rather, one might already call him the Lust King."

"Ooh..."

Desmond groaned as the three Ero elves put their hands into his underwear. His blond hair, blue-eyed, self-proclaimed nobleman's overly handsome face's brow furrowed, as two white and one tan delicate hands swirling in his underpants. He shuddered and enjoyed as he accepted the lewd touches that encircled his rod, rolled his balls, and even sought his rear.

When the underwear was slid down, many feminine cries immediately rose. The three ero elves licked their lips with a satisfied look.

"I'm about to cum... Charlotte, suck it."

"Yes."

The superiority of being the first chosen, the sweet sensation of her beloved husband seeking comfort from her. Heating her up in the overly sweet cocktail of emotions, Charlotte softly opens her delicate lips and takes only the tip in. Gently caressing the glans with her lips, she listens to his sweet moans, savoring the moment.

With wavy platinum blonde hair, a beauty that gives the impression of being in the early twenties despite claiming to be twenty-nine already. His beloved wife looks up with large, emerald-like eyes, as she sucks only the tip of his cock into her mouth.

*slick* *slick* While her mother handled his flesh rod.

Softly, her sister rolled his testicles.

Teresa's peach-colored lips sealed Desmond's lips. Immediately, she thrust her tongue in, and obscene liquid overflowed in his mouth. Desmond grabbed Teresa's plump tan buttocks. His gaze shifted towards Charlotte. His other hand reached to her ample breasts, sliding her white bra aside, and pinching the swollen nipples.

"Mmm, fuu, nnn..."

When his wife trembled with joy, Desmond released into her mouth. Charlotte, with her mouth still connected to him, showcased the throbbing spectacle of the flesh column wet with her saliva, the surrounding noble daughters erupted in envy and lustful cheers...

As his wife shuddered with delight, Desmond spewed his lust into her mouth. The sight of Charlotte's mouth holding a pulsating and throbbing flesh column that is wet with her saliva makes the noble girls around her erupt with envy and lustful jeers.....

"Chup...*pop*"

When Charlotte sucked out everything and separated her lips, the saliva-coated meat pillar stood erect. But his overwhelming muscularity sight was not met with cheers, but rather the sound of loud, wet gulping.

*glup*, *glug*...

Charlotte rolled the expelled semen in her mouth, heart symbols forming in the depths of her eyes while making seductive glances.

"Mmm."

Gulping loudly, as if it were a special treat reserved only for the legal wife, she opened her mouth, letting her pink tongue hang out to indicate that her mouth was now empty.

Desmond's fingers reached out to her head, stroking it affectionately. Exhaling sweetly, his beloved wife's eyelids flutter with debauchery. Sighs of envy emanated from the surrounding flowers...

"Desmond, next is my turn!"

"No, Teresa-chan already kissed him."

The sister and mother begin to fondle a man's penis as if they were competing with each other.

Today, as always, the Impregnation Lord is living his lewd daily life. However, after the recent increase in noblewomen at the social gathering, followed by the daughters delivered afterward. Adding Aldora Knights, the women living in Desmond's mansion, and the female subjects of the house, rooms were running out in Desmond's mansion alone.

The Aldora Knights were accustomed to camping, sleeping in makeshift beds in underground caves, and camping outdoors. Despite their origins as noble daughters and the daughters of prominent merchants, they loved being carefree and outdoorsy. However, it was unacceptable for them to do that now since they were carrying the child of the lord. ——And by the time they realized, it was too late.

Incidentally, the dragon girl appeared really like the underground cave. Desmond suggested that she might be a mole dragon, but the dragon girl, not catching onto the joke, responded to his speech with the 【Dragon Breath】, followed by the 【Dragon Flash】. And Desmond deflected it with his bare hands while using 【Physical Enhancement】 making noble daughters who witnessed it thrilled. It left them wondering about the magical potential the child of such a person would possess—but that's not the point now

Therefore, taking this as an excellent opportunity, a guesthouse was being created concurrently with the mansion that would house all of his women. In other words, it was a harem palace. Possesses an ambiance akin to an otherworldly brothel—a Love Hotel both in exterior and interior, designed according to the owner and the clever wife who understood those tastes. The young ladies who were unfamiliar with the otherworld were rather pleased with the avant-garde design.

Each noble girl was given a room of their choice and could be made love in their own room, invited to the lord's mansion, or, as is the case today, invited to a grand chamber for an orgy.

Incidentally, that makes living in the lord's mansion a great perk, Desmond's original girls, led by Liz, seemed really happy about it.

And there were still plenty of rooms in this harem mansion. ——that's the current situation.

"Uuu, th-this is embarrassing..."

In the large room, covered with mats so that girls could be pushed down anywhere, the current victim, a 19-year-old with golden hair, held her thighs as instructed while Desmond's hands were placed on either side of her face.

The engorged flesh rod, swollen with pulsating veins, is now being rubbed against the victim's golden pubic hair by the hand that is not theirs. The soft, fluffy hair was being dirtied by the male's fluids.

――The shy one... no, Jacqueline-chan is so cute, so cute... gufufu, it feels nice when she rubs against me...

Desmond, with the blushing noble girl all the way to her ears, was literally enjoying the show from a front-row seat. The ones playing with his rod and rubbing it against Jacqueline's softness were the two vice commanders of the Aldora Knights, known as Blue Demon and Red Demon.

One is a cold beauty with blue hair and the other has a dignified face with a red ponytail. In their blue and red underwear, they knelt, swaying their enchanting hips as they teased their lord. The two of them play with Desmond's cock, and sucked on his large hanging testicles from both sides. With supple female fingers, the overflowing pre-cum wet Jacqueline's fluffy pubic hair. They both also had stains visible on their provocative underwear.

—Ah, it feels good. "You are making such a cute face, Jacqueline," Desmond says, admiring her gently.

"Noo...." Jacqueline, with her face reddened, shook her head, and her golden ringlet hair swayed against her pinkish-white skin

The corners of Desmond's mouth disgustedly curled. "Jacqueline, stick out your tongue."

"Puu, hyaa..."

Even as she shyly looks away, she flicks out her cute little pink flesh. Desmond also sticks out his tongue a bit, rubbing his tongue against hers.

"Hu, ha... aa..."

Yearning, Jacqueline-chan now extends her tongue. How cute.

"Ofufuuu!"

Feeling the slippery sensation in his anus, Desmond desperately suppresses his voice. The tongue of the Blue Demon is licking and unraveling Desmond's anus.

"That's a good lick." Says the An​​​​​​​​​​​attentionа​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.​​​l Sergeant.

――I knew it was you, Katherine! ――Good job.

He raises his thumb in his mind, and the An​​​​​​​​​​​attentionа​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.​​​l Sergeant casually raises her thumb back with a straight face. I'll thrust this thumb into your ass later!

――But for her, that's a reward, isn't it?

As Desmond thinks, just then, the two behind him trace Jacqueline's slit with Desmond's manhood.

"Fu~aah!"

As her erect clitoris is rubbed, Jacqueline can't endure it anymore. She unconsciously releases her hand that is holding her thigh and embraces Desmond. At that moment, the Red Demon presses the tip against Jacqueline's entrance.

"Hu, Aaaann!"

With the scorching male stake thrust in, Jacqueline tightly embraces Desmond and closes her eyes. "Iiii, fuuh..."

She stretches her toes, trying to endure the overwhelming pleasure coursing through her body. But Desmond doesn't allow that. Filling her opening, he undulates his hips with a squishy sound.

"Aaann..."

Clinging tightly to him, trembling with delight, Jacqueline involuntarily moves her hips, and her lips shudder in joy. Like a fish out of the water, she flaps her lips.

"Wow...""How envious.""It looks very pleasant..."

"Yaaann... Haann..."

Despite her reluctance to the sounds around her, she is simply overwhelmed by the strength of the male rubbing against the womanly flesh. "Nn..." Her lips then met his, engaging in a slippery and moist dance of entwined tongues.

Trying to get a good look at the connecting parts, many young ladies approach, but they are immersed in their own world, indulging only in each other.

"Nnuu, Nn, Hu, Nnuu..."

*Thud, squish, squelch, squelch...*

In response to the thrusting, Jacqueline raises her hips and responds energetically.

"Oh, Aa... Feels so good..."

Allowing his desires to boil, Desmond makes her swallow his saliva, making a slurping sound. The sweet moans echoing in his oral cavity are irresistible. In front of the watching ladies, he deeply thrusts his hips, rubs, shivers, and continues to plunge into Jacqueline.

The frothy mixture slides down Jacqueline's tightened an​​​​​​​​​​​attentionа​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.​​​l opening. Her joy is fully exposed to the ladies around. And eventually,

"Fuuh, Nn, Nfuuuu~!"

To the overflowing delight, Jacqueline lifts her supple legs into the air, stretches her toes, and tightens her folds. The male's rod shudders and ejaculates desire into her chamber. The white viscous fluid overflowing from the union is fully visible to the young ladies. Then,

The woman's hole was filled to the brim, and a thick slurry of fluid overflowed from the gaping hole. Jacqueline was breathing hard and writhing. Desmond brushed the hair back from her sweaty forehead, and when he stroked her hair, she rubbed her cheek against him, purring. The pampered look on her face, the way she looked when received his sperm, seemed to have struck a chord with the women around her.

In heat, with lustful cries and, uniformly, they call out to him ""Desmond-sama.""

――"Now, Who wants to be next?"

／

When Jacqueline comes to her senses, Desmond has the ladies on all fours in a row, thrusting into their exposed holes, shaking his hips away.

With each wave of ecstatic cries building up one after another lust, her eyes captivated by the sight. Their hips raised, quivered, and spurted out a cloudy substance from between their legs.

One after another.

All of them are pregnant, yet he still inserts his reproductive organ inside, thrusts, and continues with the next. As if he still hasn't impregnated them enough.

Truly deserving of the title Impregnation Lord.

In the past, such a sight would have been terrifying to anyone. However, the current Jacqueline...

――Uu, my womb is throbbing. Even though he ejaculated inside me so much earlier...I've been driven mad by the Impregnation Lord. It has to be him, no one else...

Her gaze, staring at him, is one of bliss, trance, and the face of a lascivious female in love.

"Desmond-sama, I am next."

Next, the legal wife appeals to him. Without hesitation, he stands and, facing each other, lifts her leg and inserts into her as is.

――They look so good together. How envious.

As Jacqueline watched the other women, Desmond shot loads and loads of hot sperm inside his wife's vagina, which was already bulging full of his own sperm.

Amidst the enveloping cries of ecstasy, on the lower abdomen of the legal wife, the "D" womb crest emitted a lascivious glow. ――

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Desmond-sama, I have kept you waiting."

Upon entering, Lady Margaret spoke. I looked puzzled. Kept you waiting? Have I waited for something? Of course, I made sure not to show such puzzlement on the surface. However, my girls can completely seen through my true thoughts.

However, as she was led into the office by her, I not only understood but immediately and enthusiastically stirred my loins as if on cue.

"Stop it! Even if you're his mother-in-law, such treatment is uncalled for... Darling, please help, Help me!"

——Ugh, that's counterproductive, Liz-chan.

Because,

Liz Bergamot.

The capable parliamentary official reduced the lord of Aldora to a signer. She tied her glossy silver hair at the ends of her jaw on both sides and it was thick and lush. Beautiful but with a subtly stern face, her glaring eye, which had frightened me countless times, had a monocle fitted over it on her right. But those eye sure turns soft and affectionate during intimate moments——gufufu.

――She is a second wife who is too good for me.

She was brought into the Oval Office, wrapped in ribbons, naked.

——Event encountered.

"Uuu... Please don't look, Darling..."

With tears at the corner of her eyes, every quiver caused the red ribbon to bite into her white skin. It was dazzling, with the ribbon skillfully hiding her nipples and a butterfly knot wrapped around her neck like a collar. What an excellent job. Moreover, the ribbon at her pussy had silver curls protruding, biting into the slit... Please don't look? No, I cannot do that.

"Don't watch!"

"I refuse."

"Uuuu..."

She glared at me, but with her current state, I just wanted to lick away those welling tears.

"A perverted." "A perverted, isn't it?" "Fuhahaha, a violation." "That's noisy, Teresa-chan." "....."

I think being judged in my mind is more annoying, right? Being pressed by triple Ero Elf, no way my lower head regions will get any softer.

"Would you prefer just watching her?" Margaret-sama asked me as I was peeping at the indecently dressed second wife. "Wouldn't you love to impregnate her like this?"

"!"

Liz-chan, and a certain part of me, twitched!

The witch's lips twisted into a grin. "I have arranged an officer to assist Liz-chan. Since I've taken care of it, there is no issue now." Margaret-sama said, blowing into Liz-chan's ear.

"Hyaaa..."

——Um, good, very good! However, with Margaret-sama's ever-increasing influence, I can only sense dangers on the horizon.

"Molt-chan, who was assisting me and the others has been developing well, and――"

Molt-chan is the vice-captain of the Aldora Knight Order, also known as the Blue Demon, and the daughter of Marquis Molt Rock..... Marquise. I wonder what the Platinum Breaker Teresa Onee-sama, did during her time with the Platinum Knight Order. I can't even say that I got his daughter pregnant like it's nothing. And the other girls, who are now members of the Aldora Knight Order, are daughters of noble families or daughters of prominent merchants. those girls are all pregnant except for Liz-chan.

"Now is the right time." Margaret-sama says.

When will I impregnate her? It's now!

As if in response, my mother-in-law reclines provocatively. She is in a black dress, emphasizing her voluptuousness, similar to her daughter's but in black.

"I'm grateful for your attention, but it's not my turn today. Besides, I'm already pregnant..."

With a melting yet alluring expression, my mother-in-law gently strokes her belly. Liz-chan's glare feels like it could kill me, what murderous intent! And the feeling is not like a sword but more like a chainsaw.

"Not just *stab*! But ――*rrrrrrrr* *rrrrrrrrrrrkkkk*."

Catch❤"

Margaret-sama said with a cute voice.

"Hyaaaah!"

I caught flying Liz-chan in a princess carry. The second wife with only ribbons on her. Warm, smooth, and soft, fitting comfortably in my arms. Unconsciously, I pulled her close to my body.

"Ah, ahhh... ❤"

Her scary eyes drooped at the corners. ――Ah, I really want to lick her tears.

"A pervert." "Pervert." "What a perv."

I was rewarded with a triple ero elf accusation.

◇

*thud*, and my mother-in-law closed the door as if nothing had happened and left the office. In my arms was my beloved second wife, wrapped in a red ribbon..

――Wait, what!? So sudden!?

Is it really okay to impregnate her for real!?

If I impregnate Liz-chan, who is a competent parliamentary official taking on the government affairs of this <Aldora> all by herself, it will interfere with her work and the administration of this territory will be in big trouble. That was the reason why I couldn't impregnate her, but if that's resolved, there's not a single reason not to impregnate her.

"That line of thought is exactly like an Impregnation Lord. Or, a madman?"

"Shut up! Charlotte-chan is the first to get pregnant, so don't be jealous of Liz."

"I, I'm not jealous..."

"...Really?"

"*Tsun* (blushing)"

――Gufufufu.

No matter how important Charlotte-chan is, the second wife, Liz-chan, is also important. That's why, now, this girl...

As I lowered Liz-chan, who was still wrapped in a red ribbon, onto the sofa, I spread her legs in an M shape without question. It seems like Momotaro (metaphor) might be born any time now.

"Hey, no! Darling, stay!"

"Grrrrrrrr..."

"You beast!"

Despite her words, she didn't close her legs, and her face was flushed while her wrists were bound in front of her chest. I could almost feel her heart pounding. When I looked up at her with a serious face, it was a spectacular view of only her eyes visible beyond her abundant fruits. Where am I right now? ――Of course, between her legs.

"Liz, do you want to get pregnant? Do you want me to impregnate you?" This Dog-mond-chan can't wait anymore.

"Ha, uuu..." The supposedly scary eyes flustered. Her eyes were also reddened, and I was barely able to stay put.

"As Margaret-sama said, if there's no problem with Liz getting pregnant... I can't wait either."

I said sincerely, from between her legs. ――*sniff*, oh, Liz-chan, the scent is getting stronger from the slit where the ribbon has been eaten into. Even if you tell me this is not right, I'll do what I have to do even if I don't impregnate you. ――Gufufu.

Then, her eyes squinted at me――I had never seen such a cute squint before.

".....Okay..... Darling, please, give me your baby....."

"――Hyawun❤!"

I was nuzzling Liz's crotch. I buried my nose in her silver curly hair, and like a beast, I licked and fingered Liz-chan.

"Fah, Ah, nuu, darling! Ah, aaaaan!"

I slipped my tongue in from the side of the ribbon and enjoyed her sweet and sour taste and scent.

I inserted my tongue as far as I could, slurped up the overflowing nectar, and licked and unraveled the path to which I would implant my seed. How rational and gentlemanly of me, even when dominated by the primal lust, I still try to unravel her first. ――I will not accept any objections.

"Nooo, darling! Nooo Ah, yes! penis!"

"Eh? Liz, you just said..."

"I-I didn't say that! I would never use vulgar and indecent words like Charlotte-sama! It's unbecoming of a noble!"

Liz-chan turned bright red and shook her head vigorously. The tips of her silver hair swayed fluffily. ――So cute....

"Now then, it's about time for Liz to join us once she becomes pregnant. She was hesitant because it's embarrassing, so we haven't engaged in group play until now. How will you handle it?...Ufufufufu." "Oh, if ribbons aren't enough for you...I'm looking forward to it." "Fuhaha! It's a violation! Fuhahahaha!" "Teresa-chan, you're noisy."

The Horror, the triplet Ero elf demonic hands approached!

I pretended not to hear anything. So, licking through the gap between her legs, I tasted the navel and the cleavage. The tip that pushed the ribbons up.

"Fuhhaa... ❤"

Liz was in ecstasy, and drool dripped from the corner of her mouth. Her eyes were hazy, and you could even see heart marks deep inside. First, I licked away the saliva, then our lips met.

"Mm, N...nfu... Darling, Darling..."

She clung to me like a child. Licking and intertwining our tongues, exchanging saliva, we continued while I worked below.

While entwined above, I exposed my shaft. Panting with animalistic lust, Liz raised her hips, making it clear she was ready. "Darling..." "Liz..." We gazed at each other. "This is our chance, to finally able to impregnate you." "Come on... Fuu, Ahhh!"

I filled her to the brim. "... Oh,...As usual, it's telling me that you like it very much..."

"Nn... it's only natural... Haa..."

Is it really natural? Gufufu.

"Ahh!"

I rotated my hips while still deeply penetrating inside her, rubbing against her sensitive spots persistently. Not the fierce thrust, but a skillful movement leading the to her climax by steadily wearing down her defenses.

"Nn, Nnaa... ❤"

Liz's elegant beauty crumbled with sweet moans, and her wriggling hips were truly delightful to see. Smirking, I untied the ribbon around Liz's neck. ――As expected of my mother-in-law. Important parts were gradually being revealed, just like untying a collar.

"Such cute and naughty breasts. Your nipples look so plump and delicious." I lifted, bounced, squeezed, and massaged her erotic nipples, tracing the edges like swirling a wine glass.

Her vaginal walls tightened, and the juice overflowed, spreading down to my balls.

"Idiot, Darling... Aah..."

"I'm fine, thank you....*bite*!"

"Faaah ❤"

Sucking, biting lightly, using my teeth, flicking the opposite nipple with my fingers, pinching, pulling, shaking...

"Nnaah, more, Damn it... Fuck me..."

"Okay, matafakka, hee-haa."

――Wait, was I sprouting?

I covered her on the sofa and moved my hips. The untied ribbon still tangled around her legs, Liz wrapped her legs around my waist and lifted her hips, grinding.

"Ahh... Liz, your hip movements have become quite skilled..."

"Be quiet, fuck... It's your fault, I love you."

"That's right,."

As I pressed my hips down, I felt like I was bumping into her womb that had descended. Liz let out a shameless cry, drooling as she extended her tongue out. A lewd request for a kiss that she normally didn't request in front of Charlotte and the others.

We intertwined our tongues. We kept our eyes open, never looking away from each other's gaze. The once frightening eyes were now filled with heart, so soft and mellow. I kissed the tears that had accumulated, my cheek was pressed and sucked on by her lips. Her arms were tightly wrapped around the back of my neck, and her legs, wrapped around my waist, kept asking for more with a squeeze.

To be honest, I wanted to try other positions, but my biggest objective now was to impregnate Liz. So, rubbing our bodies together from top to bottom, and making love was a very, very good idea.

Really, just like this, it's like we are one...

While thinking that, I circulated magic power to my penis. I inserted it deep into the base, grinding our hips together as if to confirm each other touch, and from the tip of my penis, I invaded her womb with magic power.

"Unfa... Un..." (Darling, is in my most deepest place... I am being forcibly put into the fertilization period... Darling, is really trying to impregnate me, as expected of the Impregnation lord...so this is how he impregnate so many women, this penis that has impregnated so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so..(that's a number of women Desmond has impregnated so far)..many women.

――Huh? I wonder why. Why is the "Chicken Sense" responding to Liz-chan in small increments?

It's like if I make the wrong choice, I'll hit a dead flag right away...

I was being forced to make a choice to definitely impregnate her....Alright, access to the uterus and ovaries is complete. I will definitely impregnate you!!

"Ah, aah! (You're serious, darling, you're seriously trying to impregnate me... nuu... this, this is... I'm going to get pregnant if you ejaculate inside me now, I will... your baby... I'm happy, you have impregnated so, so, so...(omitted) and finally, it's my turn...)"

――Ah, something just happened. I have to make sure I impregnate her! Put my dick into her womb and cum, make Liz ovulate, again and again.

"Unf, unf, fuu... Darling's penis is swelling inside my vagina..."

"Liz, say it more lewdly. It makes me more excited and able to cum more." I let my sweet voice seep into her ear.

"...How sly, my favorite." Liz-chan clings to me. "Un, ah... y-your cock... Darling's cock is swelling in my, pu... pussy. Please, cum. Deep inside, it's so hot inside...it's hotter now?... Please impregnate me. Fill my baby pouch with your seed... please, ah!"

I pressed Liz onto the sofa in a Mating press position. I pushed her womb as if to crush it with my cock.

"Ha... can you hear it Liz? How my dick swelling inside you, telling you that it can't wait to impregnate you?" ――That sounds so disgusting. But."

Oh....., I'm about to cum, I'm about to impregnate Liz with my seed, I wonder? How many more seconds before you are seeded by me and become a mommy?"

"Three."

Wait! Aren't I supposed to be the one counting!?

"Two."

Wait! I have to match it! I hurriedly circulated magic power to my seed factory and tried to match the pregnancy countdown that was being played in my ear. I'm desperate!

"One..."

One! One! One! One!

Just when I thought I was about to die, Liz's voice whispered in my ear.

"Thank you, darling....It's okay to do it whenever you like, just ejaculate inside me as much as you like. I am always... a vessel that accepts you."

With a squeeze, she tightened her legs around my waist. "Haan..." A sweet sigh that made me feel like I'm being spoiled was blown into my ear, her erect nipple and large boobs are crushed against my chest. Her cervix sucked onto my glans, wriggling and contracting, and the flesh tunnel firmly sucked me up.

While I was being done and done, it was okay! If Liz is happy! The pent-up pressure erupted.

*splush*! *spluuuuurt*! *ploosh*! *spluuuuuuuuuurt*!!

――Wow... it's not stopping... Seriously, it doesn't look like it's going to stop until I impregnate Liz for real... Ooooo...

"Aaaaah! Darling, darling, so much... Ahh! This not just baby, It's so...so much semen, I... Un, nuuuuuuu!"

The hot and thick seed juice that was pouring in caused Liz to cling tightly to me and tremble. All the while, the pulsations of my cock didn't stop. ――Not just a little, I messed up the distribution of magic power. Really, I pumped it in over and over again, enough to make her stomach bulge...

"I'm so jealous..."

This greedy woman!

――And then."

I'm pregnant..."

Liz's arms, holding me, were filled with strength.

"I'm pregnant, darling's, baby..."

"That's right... well done." I stroked her hair gently.

"Hehe, ehehehehe....Happiness."

Happy Liz, clinging to me, her womb swollen with my cum. Honestly, I would like to take a good, close look at her current appearance, but that would kill the mood. Besides, she's clinging tightly to me with her arms and legs and won't let go! ――Gufufu.

Margaret-sama's method was too sudden and forceful, but without that, I might not have been able to take the plunge.

While stroking Liz-chan's hair, I said, "Thank you, Margaret-sama" , as if to a Buddha... "If you're here to take my life, I'm prepared to be taken now."

"――Sorry"

Let's call her the goddess of child-making. However, the real goddess who created this situation by going around and around is my beloved wife.

Oh goddess, Charlotte-sama.

"Geez... Then, <Ero elf Blessing>"

And I felt the Blessing flowing to Liz... and, "Mmm, this is... like this..."

Liz, as expected, seemed to notice this flow of magical power. And she responded to it...

"Huh?" and Charlotte-sama said in astonishment.

"Eh?" I also raise my own stupid voice.

What happened was, on Liz's lower abdomen...

"It's done, Good job."

She looked proud, and on her lower abdomen, there was a heart-shaped symbol that looked like the letter 'D'...

____________________

[TL's note]

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

――Here comes the first wave of the Aldora territory's first <lewd crest> boom.

I know, I know, it sounds crazy even to me. I can't help but wonder how I got here. But what's done is done, so there's nothing I can do about it.

――No, seriously, how did it come to this?!

Well, in fact, I did know something. It all started when I impregnated my second wife the other day. Liz-chan, who finally conceived my child, was overjoyed. She eagerly accepted my hard flesh rod plunged deep into her womb and clung tightly, not letting go. ――Gufufu...

――With that thing engraving on her lower abdomen!!

Yes, that emblem, the heart-shaped D with spreading wings. It's the lewd crest. Until now, only Charlotte-chan had it, so why...

――Analyzed, deactivated, and re-executed.

I wanted to lick that triumphant teared-filled Liz-chan's glaring eyes, which should have been scary, were so proud that I had never seen them before. ――Of course, I licked it. It was delicious.

...Charlotte, is this what you were up to?

In this situation, whoever is the 〇〇 remains uncertain. Was it the girl who secretly tried to monopolize lewd marks, Charlotte, or it's Liz, who saw through the spell, deactivated it, and marked herself? Well, both seem to be formidable individuals with dangerous abilities, regardless...

By the way, the mother-in-law and sister-in-law didn't notice Charlotte's actions, despite being Ero elf themself. They thought it was nice, but my mother-in-law believed that it might change depending on the "contract" ―― or perhaps the priority, or the strength of the bond. Originally, it seems like it should have manifested on other ero elves as well... let's turn a blind eye to Papa's matters ——And that's what Charlotte, my beloved first ero-elf, who I love the most, apparently did. She canceled the lewd crest. What an outrageous thing to do to a kin. Or it might be more accurate to say that she was protecting her family from the poisonous touch of the lewd crest.

The inherited will of "ERO" lacks many things, and Charlotte, having awakened and now honing her abilities, stood out exceptionally from the ordinary. The "Witch" praised her, and the "Demon" was impressed. Does that mean my wife will become a "Goddess"? However, Charlotte-chan, now getting exposed to my second wife, Liz-chan, who is twenty-nine years old, sulked.

"Fufufu, see, Desmond-sama's mark is on my stomach too..."

"Fufun, mine is more charming. Look, it's on my breasts..."

In my proudly spacious bath, the young ladies compared and showed their crests carved on their bodies, on their stomachs, on their breasts. No, no, not only the lower abdomen and breasts but also the backs of their hands, the tops of their feet, the insides of their thighs, wrapped around their thighs.....why are they all so needlessly stylish and capturing their individuality?!...Well, if I think about which parts of them I like, and how I've fondly used those parts, it's quite clear...

This is a massive exposé of my fetish!

When Liz developed the ritual to cancel Charlotte's crest cancellation, it was revealed that Charlotte had been preventing lewd crests from appearing on other girls as well. Upon this discovery, my girls, eager for crests, directly pleaded with Charlotte. As a result, it affects everyone's bodies in different ways, with varying degrees, and that's how it all escalated.

"I didn't expect that it would be carved into my boobs....."

Sophie, who is the smallest of the bunch, was very impressed. Like I said, there's no such thing as too big or too small when it comes to boobs. ――sparkle☆ I grinned widely, showing my teeth...I wonder if I just got even more perverted.

"Is it on my butt? It's frustrating not being able to see it myself."

Of course, it is! An​​​​​​​​​​​attentionа​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.​​​l Sergeant Katherine! She gracefully lifts half of her bottom in the bathtub and gives it a little splash. —— Shameless! *splash*! A pleasant sound comes from her cheeks clapping the water.

"Ha~fuun! Master, receiving a reward in a place like this..." ――um, the look of a bitch in heat.

"Oh, Desmond-sama, m-me, too." "Same here." "Me too."

Oh no, before I knew it, the number of participants was increasing. I'm a little shaken to see <Blue Demon> san among them.....

"Yay, I have Desmond-sama's mark too!"

Monica caressed the lascivious crests etched on the lower part of her already pockmarked belly, emitting delighted expressions of both awe and admiration. —and some of the other girls were only a year or two older than her...

――It's crazy, it's like proof they belong to me, or rather, a proof that they are my slaves, and even girls like them...――It's like boldly smashing through that last line I barely dodged as a Demon Lord. I shamelessly sprinted through it, butt-naked.

――That's right, I can't turn back anymore, can I? What am I saying, I wonder, I...

When it comes to this situation, the one who has protected the final line was actually my beloved wife. What destroyed that was the second wife....Uh-oh, did things just get unexpectedly complicated at this point!? Actually, it would have been strange if they hadn't.

No, considering Charlotte-chan's pouting, it appears her primary motivation was just a desire to have me all to herself. But if that's true, I'm wondering about her main lady's dignity and our relationship. Will everything be okay...?

"Uuu, my exclusive crest..."

Submerging half of her face in the bath, the 29-year-old puckered her lips, making bubbles.

The wavy platinum blonde hair floated, swaying gently in the bathwater. ——Her large tearful emerald eyes, yet sensual, ——Yeah, I feel a twinge of guilt, but ——So cute, so cute. Without thinking, I end up pulling those exposed boiled-egg-like shoulders closer. So smooth and slippery. ——Gufufu.

"Charlotte-sama, cute...""It feels like I'm doing something wrong.""My sister is always like this. Crafty, isn't she? Everyone will forgive her if she acts like this right? Shall I give it a try too?""Bwahahaha! That makes it like you're the one threatening, doesn't it?""Mph! Come to think of it, Schwarz doesn't have a crest yet. In that case, should I have Desmond engrave one for her here and now, in that still-empty womb, in front of everyone, until it bears fruit—""Gyaaa!"

――Hmm, the harem is peaceful today too. However."

Even if I don't care about such things, you should understand that I put the mark on you for the first time, and my feelings——like, you get it the most, right?"

I leaned close to Charlotte's ear and whispered.

"Y-Yes, but, uuu..."

Oh, dear, she's not cheered up even with this. I gently stroked her slightly bulging belly, and I also caressed the lewd mark on her lower abdomen. Softly, I touched the curly platinum blonde hair...

"Inappropriate."

The voice from the other side was Liz-chan. Hmm, my second wife, Liz-chan. Today, she was also in the bath with us. Until now, she had consistently declined to join, but after getting pregnant, she started to participate... Well, even though she still doesn't engage in group play, maintains a clear boundary with the other girls.

"Thieving cat."

Charlotte continued to murmur while puffing her cheeks. And casually, she wrapped my arm around her waist, rubbing against me. I give her a little caress. Her smooth waist heats up my fingers. Still, she didn't stop her puffed-up cheeks.

"To express my goodwill in such a manner..."

Then."

I apologize for not considering Charlotte-sama's feelings." Liz-chan bowed sincerely. Her silver hair was neatly tied up to keep it from getting wet in the bath, presenting a beautiful sight.

"However."

And, as always, with her intimidating eyes — *glare*!

"I am also the second wife of the lord..."

"Gunununu..."

——*glare*!

"....."

"Fuhahaha! So, this is what they call a soap opera! Fuhahaha!"

While being sandwiched between the first wife and the second wife, I am ridiculed by the third wife. She seems to be enjoying it thoroughly. In this bath with many fair-skinned women, a large brown flower beautifully blooms.

——Stop laughing and help me!

"Oh, I see. Should I join too?" I'm sorry, never mind.

——I mean, it's entirely my fault, my own doing, isn't it?

Still, as the two on the left and right grumbled, gununu and glare, it resulted in a splendid titty sandwich —— *boing boing*, *mu~nyon*♪ What a wonderful sandwich! Unconsciously, my mouth slackened—

"What are you grinning about?" "Who do you think is responsible for this?"

"!"

Oh no, this is the first time in such a situation. And why am I not reacting? Chicken-sense, activate!

Right, *boing* "Finally getting pregnant doesn't mean you can act all high and mighty, you know?"

Left, *mu~nyon*! "Isn't it childish to want everything for yourself?"

"It's fine, Because I'm a noble."

"I'm a noble too. Same title. The fact that we're not the eldest daughter is also the same."

Gununununu

——Glaaare...

Hey, stop it! Don't fight with me in the middle! Desmond's chicken heart hit points are zero! However, is it just my imagination that I'm feeling oddly heartwarming? Charlotte and Liz, confronting each other on equal terms...

"Oof!" Charlotte-chan's fingers caught my penis.

On the other hand, Liz-chan."

What are you doing?"

Glaring expressed her disbelief.

"Oh, can't you even assert that it's yours like this?"

Charlotte-chan bragged with a smug face while doing things to my little buddy!

Ah, ah, there, she's still the best at understanding my weak points...

—*stare*!

The eye of Liz-chan was filled with killing intent.

"You seem to be feeling good, my lord."

——Yes, it feels good. But I don't want to get an erection under these circumstances, though!

"Fufu, won't you call him darling?"

"....." —— It's scary. She's silently looking at me!

"It's a secret." She raised her index finger to her lips, closing one of her eyes, enticingly.

"Ku, Desmond-sama's little buddy gave a little twitch. Here, here."

Oh no, don't play with the tip like that~ ❤

But Charlotte-chan, isn't it obvious who lost here? Charlotte is in tantrum mode versus Liz, who is pregnant and composed. This is almost like........——"Ohhh!" ——Hey! This is not a laughing matter!

"Exactly, Desmond-sama" Margaret-sama's astonished spoke in my mind. By the way, she was also in this bath.

"I've heard about the culture of another world from Charlotte-chan, but surely there are words you absolutely should not have said such as the ones you're about to say now, isn't that right?"

.....

——Well, my true feelings are different....Because Charlotte is the main wife, so I should be okay without resorting to such punishment. And that should reach her, given the connection we share...

"Even if it reaches, there are words that you shouldn't say, right?"

Th-That is... ――Oh no! I tried and used the skill 【Physical Enhancement (Sex)】 on my manhood to make it harder. And the grip strength from the slender fingers barely made it to my private part with a soft touch. But, it turned out to be just the right amount of force...

——Ah, no good.

In spite of the fact that I'm in the bathtub,

*Splash, splash...* "Oofu..."

"Wow, Charlotte-sama, truly a splendid performance."

"Wait, darling, not in a place like this..."

The liquid was ejaculated into the bathtub, the proof of my defeat...

*Splash*

Charlotte-chan stood up, revealing her voluptuous body. Her well-rounded white fruits were splendid and shapely, with peach-colored nipples at the tips. Her waist was tight, and her buttocks were beautifully shaped for an easy childbirth.

The water glided over her body as if caressing it. On her slightly swollen lower abdomen, the lewd crest was engraved on it, proof that she is mine...However, from her lowered gaze, light has disappeared from those large emerald eyes...

——Oh no! Why didn't the "chicken-sense" warn me!

Before I could even think about it, Charlotte-chan left the bathing area.

"Heart communication" was blocked —— This is what it makes for one's blood to run cold.

"Charlotte!" I hurriedly stood up and chased after her.

"Chasing her right away, as expected."

"What's the matter, Charlotte-sama? She seemed very sad..."

"Is that so? I felt like I was taught that I should attract Desmond-sama like this. Surely, after this, the two of them will be alone together...and then....How enviable..."

『Kyaa~』

...And so on, the women they left behind made lascivious remarks.

In the changing room, Charlotte was already gone——what a development for someone who couldn't change her clothes on her own! I think it's quite an improvement compared to becoming an ero elf. I quickly put on my clothes and headed in the direction she left——

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

――Ah, why am I such a detestable woman? I already understand how Desmond-sama feels about me. It's so sweet like he's soaking me in sugar every day...

Charlotte briskly walked down the corridor, a shadow of distress cast upon her face. The slanting sunlight from the window made her wavy platinum blonde hair shimmer enchantingly. Her post-bath skin was moist and glowing, exuding more allure than usual. Her ample chest swinging and her childbearing hips swaying, even in her actions was childish, sensuality radiated from her body like steam.

And so, she arrived there.

――Uuuuu...

Feeling a wave of guilt, she opened the door. Charlotte knew that her beloved was chasing after her, She could feel his impatience through "heart communication". It made her happy, but at the same time, she wondered why she felt that way....

Actually, she didn't leave with the intention he thought she did. She knew he really cared for her, putting her first like it was as obvious as days. Even if other women had the marks, she was undoubtedly Desmond's rightful wife.

It was engraved in her mind and body every day, more deeply than any mark.

However, sometimes, her heart couldn't help but become unsettled. Especially on days like today, when something she had kept exclusively for herself seemed to be exposed to other women. Moreover, this time it was a double blow to her with Liz got pregnant. And, to make matters worse, Liz was the one who revealed the secret.

A woman who singlehandedly supported him and Aldora.

Compared to her, how lamented the days when she couldn't conceive and continued to neglect him. Yet, she knew he thought of her first, even while having feelings for Liz. Despite knowing this, she...

Maybe it was remembering those days when admiration and hope were slowly fading away. Or perhaps it was the feeling from her childhood, getting the education of a noblewoman but also being showered with love. And, no matter what requests she made, he would accept them without hesitation. Was that why she found comfort in relying on him?

――I need to be more composed as the main wife...

She unconsciously furrowed her brows.

She left that room, feeling emotionally hurt and vulnerable.

But she knew he'd come after her.

It wasn't the reason she left, but the thought of him chasing her brought her immense joy. And a sense of superiority.

I'm such a detestable woman...

The moment she thought that she was embraced from behind, and her heart tingled like a dog wagging its tail.

Press against from behind, she was surrounded by his warmth after a bath. Their temperatures mixed, and he whispered in her ear.

"Charlotte, I'm sorry. Even if my true feelings come across, there are things I shouldn't say, right? He didn't even say it. "Please, can you forgive me...?"

The voice of her beloved, worried about her, a cocktail of supremacy and guilt sent shivers down her spine.

"I'll do anything," he said. Normally, she would have replied with, "Anything!?" But now.

"Then, a kiss."

"Ah."

Relief filled her voice and expression, accompanied by lingering feelings. *Chuu* she felt the warmth and tenderness of her beloved on her lips. Held tight, their lips stuck together, tongues mingling and swapping saliva like usual.

When their lips parted, she undoubtedly wore a thoroughly melted expression.

"Good, Charlotte is cooperating."

"..... I'm sorry."

"No, it's my fault." he said. However, the simmering guilt bubbling up wouldn't let her meet his eyes directly. Silence fell.

Charlotte could sense his remorse. But the real issue was her inability to fully trust him —— no, she did trust him. She believed in him, yet her heart couldn't help but be unsettled.

――Truly, I...

She wanted to apologize to him, no, she was apologizing. And he was accepting it. In their connected hearts, she could keenly feel it, like the surging tide. But this only fueled her guilt even more.

If that's true, if showing this childish and ugly heart of hers could make this guilt go away, would he still be okay with her, with this cowardly heart that found comfort in his acceptance...?

The bond strength had already reached the "bone" stage. If she opened that door now, surely, without a doubt, they would merge. Charlotte gently opened the door...

*twitch*!

Because, as soon as she cracked the door open, he forcefully wedged his leg in, pried it open with his fingers, and then...

"Hwaaahhh!"

Charlotte involuntarily cried out. She knew he would enter, but to do it so forcefully, all at once...

"Charlotte."

"Hauuu, hawawawaa..."

A voice befitting a twenty-nine-year-old escaped her. Despite that, he said.

"Cute." "Love." "I love you."

"Au, au."

She always hears those words. She knows he says them sincerely every time. Yet, even so, these overwhelming feelings fill and overflow within her heart...

Before she realized it, she was pushed onto the bed. The room Charlotte was retreated into was none other than Desmond's bedroom. If one wants to call it shameless, then go ahead, because——she knew it better than anyone.

"Mmmuuh..." —— her lips sealed. His tongue twisted inside, licking every nook and cranny of her mouth. Charlotte swallowed his saliva like she was drowning.

Her arms reached around his back. Though he hadn't penetrated yet, she shamelessly wrapped her legs around his hips and lifted her pelvis up. *Click* the sound of him undoing his belt echoed. Then."

Aaahhh❤❤"

He thrust all the way in. Just like when he intruded into the depths of her heart. And she accepted him, squeezing him tight... Even though he hadn't ejaculated yet, the sensation of being filled was already overflowing, spreading to every part of her mind and body.

"Fuu~aaahhh❤ Enveloping me, my body is completely enveloped by Dejumon~shama~"

"It's Charlotte's fault. But it's also my fault for not making everything of yours mine in the first place, so you don't have to worry about it like this."

Shivering, both physically and mentally, she trembled, shaking her, engraving himself into her.

"T-this is. Stop, stop it, please. I'm going to bweak~"

"Break, Charlotte. I'll break you and rebuild you."

He forcefully pierced deeper.

"Haaahhh❤"

Breaking, being broken, remade so she wouldn't worry about things like this. From every single cell to the depths of her being, he poured himself in, engraved himself, embraced her, and held her.

"Fu~aaahhh❤ Nu, Uuuuuu❤❤" —— Her lips covered, filled with him in both her upper and lower mouth.

Crushed as if she were wearing clothes, her body was rewritten, sequentially, turned into his possession. This should be something usual, something normal, yet...

"Charlotte, Charlotte."

"Fumuuuuu, uuuuu, Dejumondshamaa..."

His feelings dyed her entirely.

No matter how many women he embraced, even now that Liz was pregnant.....

"Ngh, nnnnn❤❤❤"

Deep within, he exploded. Hot, boiling emotions, planting his seed in her womb.

"I can't... I can't resist, noo~ ❤ Even to the baby...This....how much I'm loved by Desmond-sama, how I am embraced and crushed, how I get utterly broken... sho good... ❤"

Her large emerald eyes melted, and Charlotte, enjoying the pleasure of his thrusts while he was cumming inside, was lost in ecstasy.

*spluuut* *spluuurt*

The pulsations continue unabated.

Whether they both realized that the marks on her lower abdomen were more bright and lewd than anyone else's, remains to be seen.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Desmond-sama, I've caught a rat."

In the mid-afternoon after finishing the job of the signer, Grandpa Randolph brought in a mouse. It was my office. But, isn't this the work for a cat, not a dog?

―― Just kidding.

"I'm sorry, really sorry. I should have asked for permission, but you see, a noble mansion with an open door and no gatekeeper——it seemed like a great opportunity, you know? I just wanted to see what life was like inside, kind of like how you have to go into a dragon's nest to get the egg, right? I couldn't resist the urge..."

The rat, brought in by Grandpa, must have wondered why it had to be stared at by a suddenly intruding black-haired beauty.

"Wanna get Desmond to prep some eggs?"

Ah, Teresa's words made her jump and rush out. ―― Um, I want to.

The mouse Grandpa caught wasn't an ordinary mouse, it was a human one. Though, it made sense to refer to her as a mouse. A woman with teary eyes and messy flaxen hair, not the typical look in a world filled with beautiful women. The simple, homey vibe was actually quite nice. But why did this situation feel so familiar? Well, it's only natural for her to be a bit nervous in a strange moment like this.

――Hmm, I'd rather commend her for not wetting herself.

If it was me, I would have peed my pants!

"Leave that to me!"

"Charlotte, don't go any further." — Well, I've already said everything. But if it was her, I'd love to take care of it as well ――Gufufu.

"So?" I asked Randolph with my best lord impression.

"Hoho." Grandpa responded with a seemingly kind demeanor. Lead-colored eyes with a hint of mystery and romance-gray hair that seemed to have been gently stroked. Thick eyebrows, and a bushy mustache, truly a kind-looking grandpa, at least in appearance.

In appearance! In appearance! I said it three times because it's important.

"She sneaked into the mansion and was creeping around. Although she's a complete amateur, not a spy or anything, but it was her words that piqued my interest——"

An interview,

She said.

"Fufu, an interview you say?" Margaret-sama spoke with overwhelming elegance.

With a youthful beauty that doesn't seem like that of a mother with daughters who are already approaching her forties and thirties, she has platinum blonde hair with waves similar to Charlotte's.

The ample fruits of raising two daughters pushed up her blouse per usual, and she looked at her with those large emerald eyes inherited by her daughters.

"Pii" — Hmm, a mouse-like squeak.

"――Are you by any chance, afraid of me?"

Margaret-sama deliberately widens her eyes, but she is definitely scary. If she doesn't fear her, what else is there to fear?!

"We will talk after this, Desmond-sama..."

"Pii"

――Cough, well, certainly, I know Margaret-sama's frightening side — not only on the bed, Gufufu — "Ya~an" "Don't force it, old lady..." "Aaaah?" "Sorry."

Anyway, just with her looks, Margaret-sama is a very beautiful girl. If she says she's scared of her, then, well, does this mean this mouse has a keen eye? ―― an interview, it seems.

"Are you, by any chance, a famous writer?" Charlotte asked.

"Well, I wouldn't say famous, but I've sold decently..." The mouse scratches her head, making her messy hair even more messy. "But―"

She looks into the distance.

"Lately, I've been in a slump and escaped to such places to find material... Oh, but the food here is delicious!"

She seems to be quite a headstrong woman. It's not just a little, but her reactions are hard to deal with.

"That's right —" Margaret-sama puts her finger to her lovely lips. It's picturesque... "In that case!"

*Clap!*

Hey, don't just randomly clap, especially you, Witch! I'm beyond startled! The lord, twitching involuntarily, was being observed by the mouse.

Oh, it seems like she's feeling a sense of friendliness from her end too. For a lord, how come?

"I grant you permission for the interview."

"Oh, thank you very much!"

Ms. Mouse bows with great vigor, but Margaret-sama? Isn't it I, as the lord of this Aldora territory, who should give permission?

"Is it alright, Desmond-sama?"

"Ah, yes." Phew, that was close. I was about to answer informally. But the way she asked, with a tone of dependence, was a perfect follow-up. You damn witch!

But she isn't called a witch without reason.

"But there are conditions. I would like you to write an article that promotes the Aldora territory. A good medium to make people aware of the current state of Aldora..."

Hey, when you say make people aware, to whom? It's not someone scary, right?

"Is it alright, Desmond-sama?"

"Yes."

Just so you know, it's not like you can get away with everything by acting cute! But I can't really refuse.

By the way, Grandpa had already disappeared halfway through. Such free-spirited!

Honestly, what does she think the lord is?

"Thank you very much!"

I wish you would learn from the mouse right here.

"Speaking of which, what's your name?" I asked Ms. Mouse.

I wonder if anyone knows her. Or maybe Charlotte knows her?

"Ah, um." the mouse's gaze swims a bit,

"Viviane..." *Clatter*!

Everyone, including me, involuntarily flinched as we looked at Charlotte. And it seems Katherine, who sensed something early on, skillfully caught the teacup Charlotte dropped without spilling a single drop. Whether it's magic or skill... I remembered that you were an excellent maid. I'll make sure to reward you later with lots of affection. Gufufu.

But.

My impure thoughts were soon blown away.

"Go..." Charlotte was trembling. "God..."

――Huh?

"God has descended~~~!"

Katherine hastily used 【Soundproof】 — what an excellent maid, I'll make sure to...(same as above) — Viviane squeaked, "Pii!" and Margaret-sama, in a somewhat out-of-character voice, admonished, "Charlotte-chan, that's indecent." And for some reason, her sister started laughing out loud "Fuhahahaha." Yet, Charlotte-chan's scream, which somehow competes with Teresa's laughter that started for some reason,

I guess she is Teresa's sister after all,

I stared off into the distance, feeling somewhat detached from reality.

◇

"Th-th-this way, pleash, right here, pleash!"

Her excitement made her speech a bit slurred for a twenty-nine-year-old.

Well, it can't be helped.

After all,

she's a twenty-nine-year-old girl.

Desmond

"Fooo, hoooo. Finally, finally, the book ish compleeted..."

She's definitely achieved babyfication... I wonder if that word would be conveyed over here. Well, even if it is, it might lead to troublesome complications.

Charlotte is behaving in a way I've never seen before——or maybe I've seen it quite a bit. It's a "secret just between the two of us" ——Gufufu. She immediately assigned a room in the mansion — a super VIP treatment — and had Ms. Mouse signing autographs for her.

A signature, huh? I'm confident with signatures too, you know? When I playfully reached out my hand, she looked at me with a cold look I had never seen before ——or maybe I just didn't notice it before. It's kinda intriguing. I might get addicted to it. Right now, she's got Viviane-sensei signing each book one by one. Except for Katherine, everyone else left the room as they weren't interested.

Busy signing away, Viviane-sensei does indeed act like a mouse.

And I.

"Viviane."

"Yes."

I wonder why she responds normally to me. I'm a noble too, and I should be the most important one here, you know?... How curious.

"Thank you for putting in so much effort for my wife." I sat in the chair next to Charlotte.

"No, it's fine, it's an honor for the author." She smiled. Yep, girls are better when they smile.

"And if you could turn a blind eye to her eccentricities, I'd appreciate it."

Seriously.

And I earnestly wished for it, but she shook her head with eyes that seemed to understand.

"It's okay. You're a noble after all."

"..."

♪ How do you write the 'ki' in 'kizoku'(貴族)? Write it like this '大' means big♪ write it like this '可' means possible♪ write it like this: '奇' means strange ♪

――I see, so the 'ki' in 'kizoku' is not the 'ki' in '貴い' (valuable/noble), but the 'ki' in '奇妙' (strange/weird), huh? I see.... can't deny that!

"Thank you! I'll make it a family heirloom!" And Charlotte-chan leaned forward.

"T-T-T-Th-thank you! W-W-W-whish thish, my woork-"

—Unintelligible.

So, in an attempt to calm down the enthusiastic Charlotte."

Hey, Charlotte, if you focus too much on that, I might get jealous, you know?"

I lightly pat her head.

And,

*scratch* *scratch* *scraaatch*!

Viviane-sensei, at a speed never seen before—pulled out a notepad from her pocket and started jotting down something――she really is like a mouse... Wait! Right now, she's noting this "head pat" in her notebook, isn't she?! Stop it! It's getting embarrassing!

But, as if mocking my thoughts."

Desmond-sama, I request a 'chin lift,' please."

An order came from Lady Charlotte.

"..."

And when I glanced at Viviane,

――She was eagerly waiting with shining eyes and a notepad in hand?!

"Come now, Desmond-sama, I shall provide material for the god."

Rather, Isn't God the one who gives the material to Oracles?

But her so-called god is there, notebook in hand, and my dear wife is waiting for a 'chin lift.' Ugh, fine, if it has to be this way! I lifted Charlotte's well-shaped chin with practiced hands, and against her soft lips.

"Is there anything about you that isn't irresistible?"

Pressing our cheeks together, I whispered in her ear.

"Hau~..."

"Fuu-ooh, Fuu-ooh!"

I could hear the mouse lady's breathing. Charlotte was trembling—yeah, cute, so cute. If you're gonna give those kinds of orders, might as well make you blush in front of sensei—gufufu.

...But, well, this mouse lady's vibe... it's exactly like those, isn't it? Yes, it is.

Certainly, she is one of those who attend to summer festival.

Well, if that's the case—rubbing my cheek against hers, I sniff the scent of her hair.

"Does Desmond-sama really enjoy the scent of Charlotte-sama?"

*Haaa* the mouse sniffs.

"Right, this fragrance captivates me and won't let go." Sniff-sniff, huff-huff.

"I'll take that line too!" But this behavior is absolutely not acceptable.

"What does Charlotte look like?"

"She's completely red! Ah, those big emerald eyes are moist and swaying... I'll gladly take that too! I've never seen a face like this before!"

Hoho, in that case...I bury my face in Charlotte's neck. So that Viviane doesn't find out what happened *lick lick*

"Nn..... hey, Desmond-sama,..... you can't do that,....."

Gufufu, gufufu. It seems being humiliated in front of an admired author is very embarrassing. There, there, *lick lick*.

"Nnghhh, nnghhh....."

Oh, Charlotte, that ero elf Charlotte, is holding back her voice! Mmmm, delicious.

"The shaking and a writhing sensation... How should I express this!? I still have a lot to learn!"

――No, because it's a concept that doesn't exist in this world.

"Nn, Desmond-sama, you can't....in a place like this... Nfuu."

"W-why is it, why is my heart pounding so much?"

The warmth of my wife's body was conveyed to my lips. A suppressed voice accompanied by a faint writhing. Her wavy hair, like a spider web, entangled me, refusing to let go from her neck to her lips. ――Alright, let's leave a mark.

"Please forgive me... Nn,...n... Ah..."

This is what I call eroticism!

Suppressing the smug expression that threatened to surface, I parted my lips from my wife's neck. Charlotte quickly placed her hand there and used 【Heal】. Hmm, it's a shame it got erased, but I'm satisfied with that move. ―Gufufu.

And.

"This, this is..."

Viviane-sensei trembled as if deeply moved.

"Desmond-sama!"

"O-oh." Oh no, I got overwhelmed by the pressure from her.

"Please show me more, I beg you!... Ah, I-I'm sorry, I'm sorry for being so rude...but please, please!"

In the face of the overly enthusiastic sensei's pressure,

And I look at Charlotte,

――She flinched!

"Ufufufufufu, Desmond-sama? You're really getting carried away. Even I have things that are off-limits, even if they're naughty."

"..... Sorry"

"I won't allow it. Next, it's my turn."

"Please be gentle..."

"Huff"

――And so, this is how it all turned out.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hoho, so this is the 【Princess Carry】..."

"Yes, that's right. And getting close like this..."

"Oh, so this is 【Kabe-don】!"

"Yes, it also makes my heart skyrocketing."

"Rocket?"

"It's the name of the flying monster... ――I mean, it increases monstrously fast."

"I see."

I was invited by Charlotte-chan and forced to demonstrate the forbidden forty-eight techniques allowed only for handsome men. It's okay because, in this life, I'm handsome (smirk!)——What about my past life? Well, I don't have a past life, you know? —And Charlotte-chan, let's stop teaching that false knowledge. It would be too embarrassing if it spread!

"Fufun~, this is the punishment for humiliating me."

I want to lick that confident face.

"Fuuu, thank you very much."

Professor Viviane's face was shining. It really felt like she enjoyed it. And it's not like I lost anything, and if I could be of help to the author, that's more than enough.

"What made it so much better was that Charlotte-sama looked so happy and dreamy while she was pressed by Desmond-sama, it was a very, very good material."

".........(Blushing)"

Hold on, control yourself, my tongue! Don't lick, don't lick her now!

By the way, she's currently sitting sideways on my lap. Her white cheeks turned as red as apples, lowers her head. Are you inviting me? You are inviting me right, hey!

But, Professor Viviane.

She seems to have come here to escape the reality of gathering material and being in charge, and from the deadline. However, it seems to me that she is actually running as fast as she can toward the deadline. But, well, if we provide her with this much material, it should be possible to request the advertisement for Aldora from her, which is Margaret-sama's order.

——With the price of the lord and lady's shame!

Well, whatever, I got to see Charlotte's cute side.

"Hauuu..."

—Hnnn, so cute, so cute.

◇

Now is the time when even the plants and trees are asleep.

Today, filled with the delights of the provided material, Viviane, wrapped in bliss, nestled into the soft embrace of her bed, only to awaken abruptly.

——Pee.

Viviane got out of bed and went to the bathroom in Desmond's mansion. This toilet was a devilish contraption with the idea of sitting on the seat, and after finishing, it washes you with water. At first, she thought it was a new form of torture, but it felt good. As expected of the 《Impregnation Lord》, he effortlessly did things that people from this world couldn't! But she couldn't possibly have such thoughts as she never knew the presence of another world, but it was enough to understand the origin of his former nickname. She felt it with her buttocks.

——Phew,

She let out a feverish sigh.

——...Coming to this territory was a good decision. The food is delicious, and there are new ideas that I wouldn't come up with myself. The reality is indeed stranger than fiction.

Apparently that saying existed in this world as well.

After comfortably urinating, she adjusted her nightgown and walked out into the corridor.

——Should I move here permanently?

Charlotte-chan would surely welcome her with open arms. Such a different place, where there is no difficulty in finding material and fans. It might be genuinely worth considering, even if it's truly regrettable to inform her responsible editor about the existence of this paradise.

And then, at that moment.

".....Ah.....Ah....."

——What's this? A hoarse voice...?

The cliched development began.

"I've walked this path too."

If the original maid knew this she would have said that, feeling it with her buttocks.

Viviane should have stopped, but like a cliched plot in a soap opera, she timidly advanced toward the source of the voice. It was a white corridor that felt cool in the post-midsummer night. It felt somewhat like a princess confined in a castle, although in such cases, the princess is usually no longer alive.

A princess wandering the ancient castle, unaware of her own death. While she certainly isn't a princess, but within the confines of this well-arranged stage set, it's not unreasonable to feel that way. With a strange sensation that makes it seem like it's not of this world, she continued walking.

Could it be that she really died and is having a conveniently pleasant dream...?

——No, no, that's not a good omen.

While feeling a slightly chilly sensation, Viviane finally...

Arrive at....Desmond's bedroom.

— with nothing hidden —

The door was conveniently ajar, letting light leak out. And with just enough sound for Viviane to hear, the sound that is usually not there if [soundproof] used, —it was nothing but a trap to catch a mouse.

She should have stopped, but quietly,

"Ah!"

She couldn't help but praise herself for not screaming. Viviane thought so later.

——Yes, I can't believe it.

As she tells this story in later days, she has a nostalgic look in her eyes. It was some courtyard of a certain mansion. Sitting in a chair, she gently placed a porcelain teacup,

――I never thought of anything like it...

Closing her eyes, along with the shock at that time, the sound of flesh smacking, the charming moans of women reveling in delight, the copious amount of milky fluid overflowing from the exposed indecent part of women lying on the bed... A horrendous and brutal feast befitting the "Impregnation Lord."

She shook her head,

——No, what's truly unbelievable is what happened afterward.

In her eyes was resignation, or perhaps not,

"Viviane-sama, please tell us a story."

A small girl asked. With wavy platinum blonde hair, large emerald eyes like precious gems, and a youthfully adorable countenance promising a future of unparalleled beauty, she is......

"Yes, is that alright? ――Charlotte-sama" she smiled with a nod.

"Thank you, Viviane."

And from behind that girl, a woman with a beauty that seemed to be her future image appeared. Presumably, the mother of the young girl, and it is hard to believe that seems to have another child. ——One of the unbelievable things.

"I also love your stories, so..." ——Another unbelievable thing.

"Fuhahaha! I like them too!" Another young girl appeared.

"Fuhahahaha! Daughter, if you want to laugh, do it like this, Fuhahahahaha!!"

"Both of you are noisy." "Older sister and aunt are noisy." ——A complex family relations.

And then,

"I'm the one who gets to ask Mom!"

There, with messy blonde hair and blue eyes——

／

*Plap, plap,* "Ah, ah." "Haan, ah ❤."

Right now, it felt as though she glimpsed something akin to a dream, but it was probably just her imagination. There was no way that such an unbelievable scene could be marred with a happy family affair that could have been muddied by a single misstep.

Viviane, stifling her breath, stared intently at the scene.

In her widened eyes through the door crack, she saw a man penetrating a maid from behind, her hands against the wall. And the thing penetrating her was...

—Wh-What's that? I don't...

A thick, rugged, towering, reddish male organ was thrusting into the maid's vagina. The man grabbed her slender waist, making it impossible for her to escape, and vigorously moved his hips. Sticky liquid dripped down the penetrated maid's thighs, and instead of struggling, she met his advances with joyful moans. She wriggled her hips, even pushing her buttocks towards him.

The maid cries with indecent voices "Ah, ah." and even though she feels like covering her ears, there is something strangely captivating about it.

"Ah, master, master.."

The maid released seductive moans. Under her raised skirt peeked a massive ass that could be easily described as child-bearing. No wonder, those things definitely can make such a satisfying sound.

"Hah, hah, hah, your ass is so good, Katherine."

"Ah, yesss, the pleasure, so good ❤."

Desmond thrust his hips, pushing deep inside her, making her cry out.

He wasn't currently penetrating her ass, an unusual occurrence due to the "Chicken Sense" actually activated for once. It activated when the tip was pressed against her anus. For some reason, if he went in, he might face an irreversible social death.

——So,

"Ah, aaah...master's seed, is coming, inside my vagina...... ❤"

The man twitched as he pushed his meat rod all the way to the base of the maid's huge ass.

——Ah, that's... undoubtedly, how 《Impregnation Lord》 impregnate ...... *gulp*.

And so, Viviane witnessed the reason he was called the 《Impregnation Lord》.

*Squelch*

The pulled-out flesh pillar stood erect. Tonight, Desmond's rod was wet with lewd nectar. Viviane could never thought of such a spectacle, and...

—Eh?! Don't men usually go flaccid after ejaculating once!?

Not only that, usually it takes about three days for a reload on the next shot.—Unless you're using Ero elf's doping elixir, ——condolences to whomever that's referring to.

From the maid's unplugged hole, a significant amount of dense milky fluid spilled out. The fallen survivors pooled on the floor with thickness like jelly.

—Incredible, no doubt that could end up in pregnancy. If such a thing were spilled inside the womb, there's no way it wouldn't result in conception... Moreover, even after such an ejaculation, it's so impressive... Uwawa, he's twitching!

She widened her eyes in the gap of the door, completely unaware of the presence of the girl behind her, witnessing something even more unbelievable.

"Ah, master, let me serve you."

A maid who should have had an almost expressionless knelt with an enraptured expression. Blushing cheeks and moistened lips formed an obscene face.

With a wet sound, she moistened those lovely lips.

The enraptured mouse, with its heartbeat thumping, was still unaware of the girl behind her.

"So good... ♪ *lick*..."

——Ugh, oh... The way she licks... Ah, so much. Lifting the testicles with the tongue, rolling them, sucking its skin... Amazing... She's licking it so eagerly, looking so pleased and loving...

——Ah, she bit...

"Kuh, Katherine, your skills are still excellent."

"Nhonheedthowhastyourkhindwhord." She looked up with the cock still in her mouth. There was an obscene bulge on her cheek. "*slurp*, *slurp*."

"Ah... you're a good girl, Katherine."

Desmond, with an enraptured expression, caressed Katherine's red hair. The upturned hairstyle proclaimed her as a skilled woman. With a maid's pride, a white brim on her head.

——A skilled one in the art of blo​​​​​​​​​​​attentionw​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.jo​​​bs.

The maid, whose head was caressed by the lord, was enraptured, her face shaking, saliva dripping, and lewd squishy sounds echoed loudly.

——And then,

"Mmm, guuuhh♪"

――Huh, Desmond-sama is pressing Katherine's head... Ah, that's like skewing her throat... hee!...

"Ng, n guuuuuu, nge, n guuuu❤"

The voice of the maid that has her throat violated is filled with joy. However, Viviane witnessed the act for the first time. sees nothing but abuse. In her eyes,

"Nguu, Ngo, Ngo, Oooo..."

The lord shows no mercy.

"I'm cumming, Katherine"

――Ehh such a large thing... Ah, Desmond-sama's abdomen is twitching. He's ejaculating...

The maid spills juice from her crotch, dripping tears, snot, and drool.

*plop!*

The flesh pillar unwavering points towards the sky again. The maid placed a hand on her lips with a dreamy expression. Immersed in the afterglow.

"Katherine, are you okay?"

He asked, and she looked like she was wagging her tail,

The beautiful maid's outfit falls off. Viviane finds her exposed body beautiful. Moreover,

――Ah, her belly is swollen. Surely, it's Desmond-sama's child. Even so...

Even though she was supposed to be a maid, Desmond took her hand reverently, as if she was a princess, and led her to bed. His impregnating rod is still majestically pointing at the sky.

――Maybe, still...

Viviane, unaware of the hand of the "witch" approching, stares intently.

"Excuse me." The maid straddles the lord's hips who is lying on his back. Handling the vigorously aroused flesh pillar, guiding it into her own hole...

――At that moment, Viviane noticed.

They were not alone in bed. Beauties lay with their limbs sprawled awkwardly, spilling copious white fluid from their spread legs.

——Uh, now's not the time to be watching. I must escape. Even though I'm tempted to keep watching, if I don't run away, I might end up pregnant...

The maid is disrespectfully straddling the lord, and, casually, trying to guide him into the rear hole this time. Watching such a disrespectful act is inherently dangerous.

She hurriedly tried to leave. However,

"You can join if you like."

*Tap*

Her shoulder is tapped, and her cheek is poked with a forefinger. The face of the lovely witch, the "witch."

"Hopyaaaaa~! ――Kyu"

"――Oh? You fainted. I wonder why."

It was fortunate that she had already used the toilet.

◇

"Aaaan❤ It's my ass feels so good, ahhhh❤"

Katherine, the blo​​​​​​​​​​​attentionw​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.jo​​​b and an​​​​​​​​​​​attentionа​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.​​​l-loving lewd masochist maid. Straddling the lord's rod, she arches her body so that her connecting part is visible to me. Oh, the tightness is remarkable. Her slimy flesh grips me, oh, it feels good. "But seriously, I wonder what it was. I followed Chicken Sense because it was doing its job for once, but I had a feeling that if I didn't follow it, something outrageous would have happened

For example, 《Impregnation Lord》can impregnate women with a high success rate because he's doing it from the back'. A rumor like that with a certain credible source spreads——Then was seen as a demonic deed, leading to the campaign to defeat the Demon lord.....HAHAHA, such things can't happen right?... I can't confidently say they absolutely don't happen, and that's the harsh reality.

――But, well,

I grab the waist of the maid who loves an​​​​​​​​​​​attentionа​​​​​​​​​​​you won't see this text if view the site normally.​​​l and gyrate my hips, stretching her insides. "Ohhh, it feels so good.".

Um, it's silky smooth. Gufufu. It seems the danger that "Chicken Sense" warned about has passed, so let's just keep violating her lovely ass. Well then, let's get some lubricant.

*Splurt*, *Spluuuuurt*!

"Ah, so hot❤ Desmond-sama's thing is gushing in my ass... Ng, fuuuu❤❤ My ass is getting pregnant with your next child❤"

Ridiculous, even though my child is growing in her womb. I'm sure the mark on her is shining beautifully right now.

In this way, I fuck the maid until fluids overflowing from both holes and then, when Margaret-sama intrudes, I stuffed her holes as well――Why did she arrive with a face that seemed to say she had done a good job?

I absolutely don't want to ask the details.――

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Viviane woke up,

and the first thing she saw was an unfamiliar ceiling.

――Wait, she'd seen it before going to sleep.

...Um, what am I...

Her memory was like a blank slate. She thought about it vaguely and then,

――The stuff from yesterday came rushing back.

The mouse, all panicky with messed-up flaxen hair, tried to bail out in a hurry, her face turning blue. But, when she flung the door open.

"――Ah."

A blond, blue-eyed, self-proclaimed overly and disgustingly handsome noble. Though, to Viviane right now, he looked more like an abominable beast.

"I"

"Huh?" Desmond parroted back.

"I'm gonna get pregnant!!!" Piiiii~aah~~~ Ms. Mouse squealed.

"Hey, what are you saying? That's scandalous!"

Flustered, Desmond quickly covered her mouth with his hand, barged into the room, and in a bit of a tussle, pushed her onto the bed. It was a masterful move, although it was hardly the end of her struggle. Pressing her down, holding her mouth with his hand.

Tears welled up in the corner of Viviane's eyes.

――I'm going to get pregnant. I'm going to be stripped by Desmond-sama like yesterday's Katherine-san, he will inseminate me from behind, and even my throat...

"Hu, huffuuuu~!"

"Wh! Why are you crying... No, I said I won't impregnate you! I won't do it to anyone who doesn't want it!"

But for a noble to speak such words to a commoner was unbelievable. For example, the deadline was originally a week away, but out of nowhere, they wanted to read it sooner, so it turned into three days. The deadline turned into death line. How many times had she faced tight deadlines like that?

――At least, please don't make it painful...

"Hey, why are you closing your eyes and acting like you've given up! I said I won't do it! Listen to meeee!"

Not noticing that Desmond was now serious and shouting, Viviane felt the man's weight on her, and,

"That's enough, Desmond-sama!"

The platinum savior appeared.

／

"Really? you won't going to impregnate me.....?"

She asks like a small animal.

"No impregnation, no impregnation."

I, your good lord, would never indiscriminately impregnate such a girl. "Hmm, said the person that impregnating his wife's sister and mother."

No room for leniency?!

——Seriously.

when Charlotte-chan walked in, I was in the middle of pressing down on Viviane-sensei on the bed, covering her mouth with my hand. She was able to calm Viviane down. Yeah, she's impressive. As the rightful wife, with dignity, her right hand was set ablaze in platinum and roared as she entered the scene of her husband's misconduct. The mouse was taken aback by the sheer intensity.

"Piii!"

I backed off, and Charlotte held back her right hand. Is it even stronger than the 【Fireball】 she threw at me before? If a wife goes off on her husband, there'd be nothing left! —— Piii.

Good thing Charlotte and I are well-connected! Otherwise, it could've turned into a crime scene instead of just an affair. I still have a bit of sweat on my back—phew.

By the way, the "Chicken Sense" didn't activate, that's because it was actually safe, right? Right?

"Viviane-sensei, it's okay. Desmond-sama won't impregnate women who don't want it."

Charlotte stood in front of me, positioning herself to protect still trembling Viviane-sensei from her husband. Or rather, she was firmly holding me. Her plump chest was crushed against my chest, the binding force was incredible. I gently placed my hand on Charlotte's waist and stroked it.

"R-really...?"

Viviane-sensei, aka Ms. Mouse, had teary eyes. I'm really sorry, but when someone shouts like that, restraining them seems logical.

"All criminals say the same thing."

Huh? Was I truly on the verge of being struck? Even though the "Chicken Sense" didn't react at all? That could be troublesome. Nervously, I kept on stroking my wife's slim waist. Not good, it's getting hard.

*Squeeze,*

Charlotte-chan sticks closer and grabs me.

Uwa, I can't move at all now. — Gufufu.

"....." — However, Viviane-sensei showed no signs of letting her guard down.

Just yesterday she treated me so casually, and why is she like this today? Moreover, being told She'll get pregnant just by facing me... "That's because she peeked into Desmond-sama's room last night. ——Really, Mother is quite troublesome. To write about Aldora, you need to get to know Desmond-sama first, she said."

--Outtttt! Witch, you're outtttt!! What the hell are you meddling with?! Sure, it might have been the best way for her to get to know me, but...

Outtttt!

Is this what led to this situation? Hmm, I get it, I get it now.... but...

When I look at her, the more the mouse trembles.

——What should I do with this?

Are you just going to toss this to me, Witch-sama?

But, what saved me—or rather, who saved me—was...

"There's no help for it."

And, Charlotte-sama, who caught and embraced me, said. I nudged her waist.

"...N, not now Desmond-sama. Let me properly handle it." She gently released her hand ——Hmm, why does it feel a bit relieving?

Charlotte continued, "Desmond-sama is not a bad lord. I will explain it to Viviane-sensei. Surely, she will understand when she hears how I was corrupted by you."

—Hmm hmm, that's right, that will surely.....

Wait?

It seems I misunderstood. She not going to save me. She's going for a killing blow.

◇

"――So, that's how it is."

"Hmm-hmm."

"Desmond-sama practices and mastered the sexual art..."

"Aha."

"And, he won't stop until he impregnates me..."

"Hooah!"

As Charlotte spoke, Ms. Mouse's expression changed.

I was convinced that this person was, at least, a great listener. because.

"Desmond-sama likes me too much."

"Oh, really?"

The mouse's eyes grew warm.

"I'm so happy, it's like being sugar-coated..."

"Heee~"

Hey, wait a minute! Hey, I'm the lord, the 《Impregnation Lord》, don't look at me with those eyes!

"Yaaan."

"Fufufu."

Oh no, I gotta get out of here. Charlotte-chan squirms with flushed cheeks, and Viviane-sensei looks at us with a mouse-like grin. Hey, weren't you scared of me just now? At first—or rather, isn't my treatment getting a bit too casual?

However, this person is experienced in dealing with nobility and doesn't cross the line between being polite and disrespectful. The farthest thing they got was, "Oh my, do you like him too?" and "Oh, no, hahaha." They're dancing on the edge. How many deadlines does she have to meet to stay on this delicate line without crossing it? So, I can't get angry. And even if the line is crossed, I still can't get angry.

——Gununu.

It's fine if she's not afraid of me anymore, but...

"I get it now," said Viviane-sensei, nodding. "Charlotte-sama, thank you for sharing such a wonderful story."

"I am honored." puffing out her huge boobs—ehem—she said. Huh, isn't my wife too cute and beautiful as her platinum-blonde hair sparkles in the sunlight streaming through the window?

And so, can't get away physically, can't hold my head high, can't close my eyes, and can't cover my ears. I have no choice but to escape from reality. But, reality, unwillingly, keeps pressing down on me.

"Charlotte-sama." said the mouse with a serious expression, "May I turn this into a book?"

""—Eh?"" Our voices synchronized at that moment. But our thoughts were completely opposite!

"Fuuu~ooooh! Am I dreaming?! Could it be, could it be that god has blessed us?! Of course, she can! In fact, I really hope she does! Right, Desmond-sama?"

".....Ahh."

When asked with such eyes, what else could I answer?... What is it called again?

——Empty Eyes, I think that's what they call such eyes.

...Well.

"If you refuse...you know what will happen, right?"

Why is she rubbing her fingers like that? It's like she's crushing some kind of burning remains. *Shaking, trembling...*

My beloved wife is threatening her husband for her own selfishness. Ugh, this happens way too much. It's not good at all! And not only that... Why do I feel like I'm standing on someone's palm, even though I'm in a room in the mansion?

――If this a dream, please wake me up.

However, I'm already seeing a fleeting dream called reality.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On a bright sunny day towards the end of summer, Desmond and Charlotte went for their usual leisurely Aldora inspection stroll. With them was Katherine, the maid, and the elusive Ephemera who remained hidden in the shadows.

Desmond, the self-proclaimed disgustingly handsome, overly sweet gentleman face, and Charlotte, who appeared no older than twenty despite her real age. The late summer sunlight glistened on their golden and platinum blonde hair, and a subtle autumn breeze danced around them. Trailing behind is a maid exuding elegant beauty.

The old pathway, all neatly kept with that charming rustic vibe, looked nice – well, only if you're judging it based on looks.

The eyes of the citizens watched over this picturesque scene. With those kinds of gazes.

Desmond, who had elevated the territory to an unmatched status from its previous state, was now worshipped as a guardian deity, bathed in awe gazes brimming with reverence. However, the glances nowadays were rather lukewarm, not to mention the slightly teasing eyes of the citizens as they looked at the two.

"Oh my, oh my."

"Those two seem as close as ever."

"How nice."

――And so on. It's not just like I thought I heard them, I actually heard them.

／

"Hey, Charlotte."

"What is it, Desmond-sama?"

"You didn't think it would end up like this, did you?"

".....Well, maybe a little."

"....."

As we walked side by side, Charlotte didn't bother to meet my gaze. Still, she pressed herself tightly against me, and in that situation."

Fufufu, see? snuggling so perfectly like that."

"Don't want to be apart even for a moment, huh?"

""My, my.""

"....."

Ugh! Even though it's lukewarm, it feels like lying on a bed of needles! So, the other day, Viviane-sensei's new work, "The Impregnation Lord's Bride." was published, and not only did it not have any pre-sales, but it was given out for free in our territory. –– Oh my Lord, I didn't know we had that much money. And that thing is.... um, a sweet-as-heck with 100% sugar content! I can't even read it without offsetting it with black coffee!

When I first read it, I'm sure I was spitting blood instead of sugar. After all, that was our story!

Nnnn, and I feel like burying my head in the ground under these lukewarm gazes...Not like I can actually do that under their eyes. But, Charlotte-chan seemed to have some idea about what was gonna go down before the whole giveaway....No, not just some idea, she knew, right!? And still, why'd she let it happen? Tell me the reason!

——I wanted everyone to know...

Blushing, she leans into me. ――Well, she's cute, very cute. Well, there's no helping it. But! everyone here is holding Viviane-sensei's new book.

"My, my."

This feels like a whole new level of hell. The sin is lust, by the way.

No room for leniency under any circumstances.

— Also, the joy of having Viviane-sensei write our story is.....

Wait, Charlotte. So, is this happening because you want to show off?

"...Teehee."

Kuuh, so cute. ——Getting to see her mischievous side, that cheeky grin, is a perk only I, that connected to her heart, get....A great perk, but still!

However, in this situation, it's not just me being stared at by the citizens,

"Uuu, everyone's gaze is too warm... It's the first time I've been showered with such heartwarming smiles..."

Hmm, cute, really cute. And if she hugs me with her ears turning red, it's three times as sweet. I swear, my body is made of sugar (I am the bone of my sweet). My blood is sugar, my heart is chicken, and the result is sweetened chicken stew!

——I'm afraid I don't get it.

It's fine, I don't get it either. Even if I'm confused in a way that nobody can follow, her body warmth, holding onto me tightly, is the only thing soft and warm. Slowly simmering.

...Mainly in the groin area.

"Would you like to rest in the forest over there?"

While fidgeting, the wife further simmers the husband. This skilled cook❤, but I've never tried Charlotte's homemade dishes, despite being a noble.

"...I'll do my best."

My wife is too cute, it hurts.

Desmond

However, now is not about simmering, it's about wanting to escape from this situation. After all, now there are children surrounding us and cheering.

"Congratulations, congratulations."

I don't want to be here!

— Ugh, seriously.

I grab Charlotte's slender waist and pull her close. Then, her slightly protruding belly clearly indicates that my child is growing steadily.

"Desmond-sama, your feelings are too sweet..."

I thought I wasn't thinking about anything, but Charlotte began to squirm. To control this condition, I'll have to administer a creamy injection.

While desperately resisting the urge for my mouth to crudely twist, I, accompanied by Charlotte, Katherine, who seems to be discreetly signaling for the same treatment, and Ephemera lurking in the shadows with pent-up desires, decided to retreat into the forest —— the real territory of Lord and his entourage.

Really, a forest shouldn't be the place for this, right?...

——Gufufu.

◇

"I won't stop seeding you until you conceive."

With those words, the Impregnation Lord presses her in the bed. He spreads her voluptuous body open, pressing his hips firmly against hers.

Astoundingly, his penis is already hot and hard.

"Ah, ugh..."

Faced with the man's passionate attempt to impregnate her, she breathes heavily like a fish out of water. Even though he hasn't penetrated yet, it feels as if her body has been opened up deep inside. Her feminine part seems to be awakening.

The Impregnation Lord strokes, and massages every inch of her body, and the heat becomes even more intense.

——What is he doing? And what is happening to me... Ah...

Even without understanding the situation, her body responds vividly, moaning "ah, ah." with heated breath. The firm pressure against her groin becomes unbearable as something hard is pressed against her, and the eyes of the lord observe her moistened eyes closely. And as his refined features approach, her petal-like lips are captured.

...

Ugh, I've been in a situation like this before. Being pressed down is heavy. Then, lips are sucked thoroughly, tongue entwined, and sucked again...

――Uh, ah.....Yes, I've had something like this happen to me too... Being pressed down. Then, my lips were sucked generously, my tongue caught, and he sucked again...

"Haah..."

A feverish sigh echoes in the kitchen.

A woman sits on a chair, rubbing her thighs together while reading a certain book. Her sun-kissed face is flushed to the ears, and her eyes are wet. Flipping the pages, she leans in eagerly, moistening her lips with her pink tongue. Overflowing with seductive allure from her well-matured body, her swollen nipples rubbing against her bra as she squirms, and she almost moans.

The sunlight from the window brilliantly illuminates her braided flaxen hair.

The married woman Maia, overwhelmed by the heat of her body, holds Viviane-sensei's new book. Her eyebrows were furrowed in a curved line as if she was the one being tormented by the Impregnation Lord in the book.

"Nn" — No, don't tease me at the entrance... Hurry, inside... Ah, no, if you thrust all the way in like that♥...

The married woman's body is burning up even more, increasing her twisting.

I can't..... stand it.

Maia looks around with a shy face. Her husband takes care of the fields, and Hannah goes to the school. The younger children are playing outside. Since her belly started to grow gradually, he became overly protective. She's feeling guilty, but the forbidden honey doesn't let go of the married woman's finger.

"Nn..."

Fingers extending to her lower abdomen stimulate the married woman.

――Ohh, I'm so wet. Somehow, recently, I feel like I'm getting more and more easily aroused... Fu, nn... Desmond-sama, you idiot. "Haah..."

A flirtatious voice lets her tongue peek out from her lips. Each time the shiny, pink, fleshy tongue moves around, Maia twists her body and lets out alluring sighs.

The woman's intimate area is getting moist even through the trousers. "Fuu, fuu." letting out shallow and hot breaths, Maia, with arching eyebrows, rubs that area repeatedly with her left hand.

"Haah... Desmond-sama..." She calls the name of a man who is not her husband with an affectionate voice.

Yes, my husband cannot satisfy me anymore. "Ah, no, there... Oh, please don't be mean..." The married woman's hips squirm unconsciously. As if straddling someone, she squeezes the chair with a tantalizing sway, rubbing her ass back and forth.

Already a mother of three, she is a married woman with a smooth childbirth history.

Desmond likes her full voluptuous breasts, but he also enjoys caressing the curves of her hips that swell significantly from the waist. Maia recalls his caresses and sensually shakes her hips while being teased by him. Other women's eyes are on her too. She moans indecently, riding a man who is not her husband. His main wife and others gaze at her with heated eyes.

"Ah, ah, deep inside, yes..." She enjoys being teased gently, but I also love to be pounded thoroughly in the back.

Unconsciously, the married woman's fingers slip into her trousers, rolling her lewd pea directly. Two fingers enter the slit. Because one finger was not enough when she was thinking of him.

"Nn, nn, Desmond, Desmond-sama..."

Maia bends forward, rubbing her walls. The story depicts the inside of a bride being teased. She sways her hips, thinking of his fierce vigor. Rubbing against her walls as if engraving his shape, her pelvic bone shaken, and a sparkling sensation tingles in her eyes.

"Ah, ah, no, Desmond-sama, I'm, I'm going to..."

She feels it swelling inside her.

It's like a signal of an erupting volcano, ready to spew white-hot semen, aiming to impregnate her with a surge of life.

"Ah, nn, Impregnation Lord..."

She instinctively clings to him with arms and legs, inviting him deeper. The "Impregnation Lord" thrillingly buckled his lips, stirring her insides with his muscular flex. The sweat of both man and woman bursts, mixes, and melts together, they entwine their tongues, exchanging saliva.

More, more.

Lascivious voices gushed out, the man bends her body. spraying life in her innermost depths.

"Ah, aaaaah~"

Her scream echoes as the scorching pulsation inside her becomes more intense.

...

"Fuah, aaaaah~"

Shivering, Maia barely stifles her voice. However, it results in a magnificent display of allure. The impulse of climax rushes through the woman's body. Even after her matured body is toyed with, being engulfed by a big wave.

"Ha, haa..."

Maia breathes heavily, her shoulders shaking, her saliva falls onto her ample chest. Strands of wet hair cling to her tanned forehead, displaying both satisfied and seductive appearance. If Desmond is here, he would have started the main course immediately.

"Nnn..."

Maia wriggled."

Ooohhhhh....."

She instinctively covered her face with both hands. While doing so, her own naughty that stuck to her fingers liquid carried a scent. Despite shaking it away, the feeling wouldn't vanish. Through the gaps in her pressed fingers, she let out a quiet sound.

"Desmond-sama, you idiot❤"

Viviane-sensei's new release, "The Impregnation Lord's Bride." a magically imprinted "bonus" was secretly included at the end. It featured the distinctive "D" symbol as if it were a signature. When touched by someone who met the "requirements", it would transport them to explicit scenes from the main story. Of course, Maia had the "requirements". Whether she was aware or not. While reading, the lewd emblem engraved on her voluptuous buttocks emitted a faint glow.

It's worth noting that the reason Maia's lewd crest was carved on her buttocks is different from those who simply enjoy backdoor play. ―― For the sake of Maia's honor, just to be clear.

◇

Ah, I did it again.

Having accomplished the task, I close my zipper with a satisfied expression. Three women, all disheveled and catching their breaths, surround me. In the middle of the wild scene in the forest, Ephemera is butt naked. A slimy substance dripped from her smooth thighs. She's all wide open, not sullen at all.

It was so erotic to see her clinging to me and wriggling her alluring body. So much so that I couldn't help but pour a lot. Gufufu.

Of course, both Charlotte and Katherine received their share. Ephemera staggered towards me while still naked, sinking into my shadow. And her clothes were put away by Katherine after I enjoyed the scent.

"Haa... Desmond-sama's stuff is sloshing around in my womb."

Charlotte blushed, her pale skin turning pink. A noble young lady adjusting her composure in the forest. Her sweaty neck gleamed alluringly, and... oh, I feel like I'm about to start the second round.

But I had to endure it.

For example, recalling the time when Maia's husband showed me the lewd mark painted on her chest, I had to cool down... More like I was going to burrow my head into the ground or wither away.

...Yes, that's right. One of the side effects caused by Viviane-sensei's new book was not just the warm glances but also the spreading of that "D" thing. That sensei depicted the crest in her picture story. And making it like it's my signature!

Damn it!

Naturally, the common folk remained oblivious to the dubious nature of the situation. However, as time passed and it became evident that the girls impregnated by me bore these distinct symbols, it was interpreted as a symbol of my "affection". The original crests seemed to be too daunting to imitate for devoted "believers", and many started engraving them on their bodies with slightly different designs. In other words, it's more of a "loyalty" mark than a mark of "affection".

But I really wish that old dudes wouldn't paint—or carve—my lewd mark on their bodies and flaunt it around, unbuttoning their shirts with a smile on their face. Young girls lifted their skirts to show a lewd mark painted on their lower abdomen and said.

"When I grow up, please engrave me the real one."

Or.

"This is Desmond-sama's reservation mark... My mom told me to show it to you. But what does it mean, Desmond-sama?"

――Stop it! Please refrain from asking me with those pure, innocent eyes!

I feel like shouting " I can fly " from the top of a high-flying altitude dragon.

"If it's Schwarz, she would probably shake you down with all her might."

"I'm afraid she would."

But being thrown by a dragon, how many crimes would you have to commit to deserve such punishment?

... For now, I haven't seen it, but one of my current concerns is, will someone eventually come up with a symbol on their penis and called it "Impregnation Charm"?

... It won't happen, right?

And even if it does, never show it to me!

While reflecting on these things, I managed to calm down somehow. It might not seem like a big sacrifice, but maybe this way, I can leave the forest without another round. Even though Charlotte and Katherine are all dressed up, there's still something that's pulling me back. It feels like I might get worked up again,... whoa, I'm like a lewd power plant. It's not good; it seems I've been quite affected by the shock of the lewd mark on the old man.

However, the mark was modified into a symbol of "loyalty".

It's starting to look like a group of fanatics, and as a lord, it's making me anxious. I don't really know what to think about it, but it seems like a dangerous bunch..... What if Viviane-sensei's new book is released elsewhere and spreads? Please stop! I'm not sure how much more I can handle!

"This is what they call a flag?"

――No, it's not!

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Viviane, it would be best if Desmond-sama embraced you as well."

Suddenly hearing those words, Viviane was taken aback.

Charlotte treated Viviane like a god, offering VIP treatment. Although Viviane initially tried to avoid the "Impregnation Lord" stuff, Charlotte shared the episode of her own, which motivated Viviane to create a new piece.

Lost in her writing, she sat at her desk, showing a natural face with slightly messy light brown hair, looking pretty average as she's just a regular person in this world. Desmond thinks she looks like a mouse. It's not like she usually looks any different——well, maybe a bit.

She was clad in loose-fitting attire that did little to accentuate her body. Behind the door was Lady Margaret.

"――What!?"

Her eyes widened, and after a moment of bewilderment, Viviane's brain, having finally processed her words, emitted a squeaking voice resembling that of a mouse.

Lady Margaret, a youthful beauty inconceivable for a mother of sisters in their late twenties and thirties, had shining large emerald eyes, platinum blonde waves similar to her youngest daughter, and voluptuous breasts comparable to the two sisters. Even in a dress, the well-defined curves of her hips were evident, making her an overwhelming presence as a woman. However, more than her physical allure, Viviane's experience as an author warned her of the danger this person posed.

Then, Lady Margaret just walked up to her without any hesitation.

"Wait a moment!"

"Why? There's nothing to be scared of, you know."

――Scary.

Even those who weren't Viviane might think so in this situation. Despite her friendly smiles, if she wasn't dangerous, she wouldn't have the title Witch of Terrace. —―Sure enough, Viviane, who sensed that fear from the start, was spot on. Now, knowing that she is the source of all the mischief that led to witnessing the work of the "Impregnation Lord," her intuition has been proven correct.

Even without that, what she said was...

"I just thought, maybe we should spice things up with some steamy scenes as a bonus. To do that, experiencing it yourself is the best, right?"

"Wha―!?" ——She didn't ask for that at all. Of course, because she just said it out of the blue. ——How absurd! I wasn't even given the time to think.

"It's alright. You'll feel better soon. That's also how I was impregnated."

*Blush*, Her cheeks turned pink. Her face at this time, looking like a pretty maiden, was enough to make one almost entranced.

But——

――That's Scary!

"No, no... Please forgive me."

"I won't~"

Though her tone and appearance seemed gentle, what she was attempting and the way she cornered Viviane was ruthless. Using her noble status as a shield, she intended to torment the body of this commoner and make her pregnant. And all for the sake of making a piece of writing.

An aristocratic tyranny was about to unfold.

"No arguing."

"Nooooo——!"

The pitiful voice of a commoner echoed in a room of the mansion.

◇

"I can't forgive you even though you're my own mother!"

"Sorry."

In Desmond's bedroom, Margaret was forced to sit in seiza on the bed while being scolded by her daughter.

When she tried to roll up Ms. Mouse and toss it into Desmond's bedroom, there was already a guest, Charlotte. Well, it's not like there wouldn't be anything else, but as she entered the bedroom carrying the rolled-up mouse, trouble ensued.

A mother was forced into the unfamiliar sitting style by her daughter, and she had no choice but to comply meekly. Such was the commanding demeanor of Charlotte. Was she, who could be considered a "witch," unable to predict this? Did she know but pretended not to? Or was it simply because her daughter's growth was exceptionally remarkable?

As a result, a mother was lectured by her own daughter who stood naked in front of her. With the long, platinum blonde wavy hair, her large emerald pupils, and her swollen breasts that looked so much alike, her slightly pink nipples were already erect. Sweat beads rose from their skin like steam, and her platinum blonde pubic hair was glistening.

It's obvious what she was doing. By the way, next to Margaret, who was made to sit properly, was a maid with her big ass raised in the air, spilling cloudy liquid from her rosebud.

Desmond wrapped a towel around his waist and stood there. He had a tall, muscular build that wasn't too thin or too bulky. A golden-haired, blue-eyed, and disgustingly handsome face, according to him.

Next to them is Ms. Mouse.

"I'm sorry for my mother-in-law."

Said Desmond. Nobles aren't easily allowed to apologize, but this is within the privacy of the bedroom. Even Viviane already recognized that Desmond is somewhat unusual.

"N-no, you're a noble, after all."

Desmond couldn't help but think, Noble huh? Even with just a towel around his waist, he still tried to cling to some sense of morality.

He figured it was okay since everyone else, except him, was a woman, it was safe for his wife to lecture her mother completely naked. He couldn't help but wonder if was a bit off.

"How dare you interfere with God's creation, mother."

Judging by what she's doing, Desmond wonders whether Charlotte is her fan or a thug. He takes a quick glance at Miss Mouse.

"You've been through a lot."

"............Yes"

Miss Mouse sighs, looking disheveled.

If she had someone strong backing her up, would it be different? But from the looks of it, maybe that support wasn't worth much.

—Being popular is tough.

Desmond thinks about it as if it's someone else's business.

"Should I be the supporter? Then I could protect her from other nobles," he mutters. "But, our house isn't really a big shot......."

"That's it!"

"..........Huh?"

Suddenly, his naked wife, who was lecturing his mother-in-law turns towards him. Her once lightly peach-colored nipples are now erect. In response, Desmond's towel rises. ――I've had enough of this lustful couple.

The wife turns to face Viviane-sensei.

"Viviane-sensei, you must remain in this territory. As you can see, this is the perfect environment to protect you."

No, no, that can't be right, Desmond still tries to say, but

Starting with《Gray Hound》,then《Platinum Breaker》 Dragon, 《Blue Demon》,《Red Demon》,《Aldora Knights》, and now the 《Witch of the Terrace》 have joined hands. His position as the 《Impregnation Lord》 is almost guaranteed.

――Seriously.

Desmond falls silent.

"And besides," Charlotte smiles, "If Viviane-sama is carrying Desmond-sama's child, there's no way she can be poached away."

Huh? Why was Charlotte lecturing Margaret-sama? Desmond wonders if he's sick. It's the "I don't remember" syndrome that afflicts mostly great men.

"No, the reason I was mad at Mother was because she didn't ask first and rushed things."

Charlotte peeks into Viviane's eyes.

"Anyway, even if you don't get pregnant with Desmond-sama's child, with this much information, we can't let it out to the outside world."

""..........Piii""

The voices of commoner and noble overlap.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"......So, um, is this okay?"

I asked Ms. Mous...no, Viviane-sensei, who was seated on the bed next to me. She had agreed to be embraced by me under the persuasion —— or rather, the threat ——. I always wonder, is it okay for a legal wife to offer a mistress?

"Does Viviane-sensei have anyone else in her life?"

"If not, is Desmond-sama acceptable to you?"

"If you don't offer your hand here, you will eventually be caught by some noble, and you'll never even speak to the man himself or the child. Besides, if you truly do not desire it, I will not force physical intercourse on you. However, it would be unfortunate not to experience something so pleasurable."

"Really, it feels that good."

And, my naked wife said so. While licking her index finger sensually with her tongue.

——Demon, not just a little devil, a real demon.

"As expected of my daughter." The "witch" who was still sitting in seiza nodded.

What kind of unhinged world is this?

"It's also good exercise as well since you will do a lot of moving. —— You'll lose weight."

"Please! As an author, you can't run away from the experience! Right?"

She is quite something too.

So,

"Then let's cleanse ourselves first,......"

"There's no need for that. I'd rather keep it like this."

I will never forget the gazes from my women.

Viviane-sensei, dressed in loose-fitting clothing that did not accentuate the curves of her body. She came here as if she was kidnapped, still in the same state as when she was rescued from being tied up.

I look at her face.

——It doesn't look like she's blushing like that.

She noticed my gaze and blushed. Lowering her head. Un, when are we going to do it, you asked? Now! (Shout with all my might)

"Ah..." She twitched when I embraced her shoulders. Hmm, a fresh feeling. Inadvertently, I stroked her shoulders like a perverted old man. Lately, a lot of girls from the knight order are so frank about it even if it’s their first time. Every time I stroke her, she twitches, a young woman in her prime lets out "Uh" or "Ah," moans. The lord's waist towel tents to such an extent that it can no longer be hidden.

"Th-that... I, um, from now on, ah..."

——This, This feels like I'm having my way with a young girl who's selling herself to me.

It's awkward to get used to being a lord.

"Viviane."

I put my hand on her chin.

"Uh, this is.....the【Chin hold】 "

Oh, her eyes are already watery? It seems like Charlotte's prep is perfect.

"I'm going to hold you. Okay?"

"H-ha... um..."

Feeling a sense of dominance over her hesitation, I pressed my lips against hers. I nibbled on her upper and lower lips, savoring them. Although she twitched when I licked her, I nudged her to open the door without hesitation. Slipping into the gap, I explored her gums, slippery with saliva. The lord couldn't resist the bewildered but unresisting woman.

——Hmm, delicious, delicious.

"Nfu, N, nu..."

While enjoying the escaping breath from her nose, I captured her tongue, rubbing it against mine. Entwining deeply to the root, I invaded her oral cavity. After letting her swallow plenty of saliva, I returned the favor with slurping sounds. When I tried to withdraw my tongue, she extended hers, as if reluctant to part. I smiled, pulled her close, and began to explore her body from behind.

"Ah, ahh... Desmond-sama, um, this is... fuh..."

Umm, she's still confused. Wrapping her breasts from behind, I slowly and stickily nurtured her bud.

——Oh, Viviane-sensei's breasts, so soft. Even though it's through the bra, this softness is.... I buried my nose in her soft hair and sniffed. Smells like sweat... Gufufu.

"Mm..."

Instinctively, I licked her neck. To cultivate her womanhood, I kneaded it generously and firmly...

"Desmond-sama, my body feels a bit hot..."

"That's right," I whispered into her ear. "I will make you blossom as a "female". You're already pretty enough, but.." I continued to knead her, and with a mischievous touch, shifted her bra.

"Ah, yah, such... uuuh.... This is too much... Hii!"

Licking and nibbling her ears, I boldly fondled both of her fruits. It's much more plump than I thought? Hmm, quite surprising. Capturing the surprised moans, I held onto the base and treated them.

"Ah, ah, cute, chu," I expressed my admiration. Even through her clothes, the tips are so squishy like gummy candy. *squish*, *squish*, *squish* "Uuuu~n ❤"

Gufufu, good, good. I teased her for a while, then my fingers moved down...

"Ah, no, please stop!"

Viviane-sensei instinctively tried to catch my hands.

*rubs* *rubs*

"Ah, aaaaah..." She trembled.

"Mmm, this is..."

*sqeeze* *rubs* *rubs*

"No, please, forgive me..."

She covered her face with her hands and resisted reluctantly. I kneaded her stomach...*squeeze* *squeeze*.

"Good meat."

"Aahhh..."

From her tone, something seemed to break inside her.

——Sorry. But well, it's not really that, she's not in the chubby territory yet. Maybe one step before? Anyway, "I love it."

"Fuuuuu..." Ms. Mouse was like biting her lips, and, sorry, but that's just how I feel. I never thought I'd actually let go of boobs and start rubbing her belly meat with both hands.

"More rice! More curry! I'm making fried rice!"

"No! I'm not into B●w! Even if you gain weight, I still you. But please stay the way you are."

...... Oh, man, if I don't properly plug the dam here, Aldora's consumption level is going to skyrocket. I want to drown in the sea of women's bodies, but I have no intention of drowning in the sea of literally body, Anyway, let's refocus.

"I'm not making fun of you. Honestly, you're attractive."

"Lies!"

Whoa, it feels like an axe comes flying at me with such intensity from her words. It's not a lie, though... *rubs* *rubs*

"How can I make you believe then? Should I lick them? Suck them? Or maybe ——punish you until you lose weight?"

*piinch*

"Eeek!"

——She got scared. Not good, not good.

"It's true. You're so attractive that I want everything, including this belly." While kneading her stomach, I licked the contours of her ears. It was more flavorful than usual.

"Fuguu, stop, ugh, please... Ah, wait, Desmond-sama, that place is not good either... Uh..."

I guess it's time for the broth to start flowing over there too, huh? ——Gufufu. As I reached towards her groin, it was squeezed shut by her thighs. Quite a pressure.

"So, which one do you prefer?" I asked, reaching between her legs,

"B-both are not good... It feels weird... Uhh..."

I didn't let her escape. Groping her groin, lifting her breasts from below, squeezing them as if wringing them out. "Nn, nuu... Haan."

Gufufu, it feels good, doesn't it?

...As for me, this fleshiness, her breasts are so nice.

"Aah... ——Ah!"

I pushed her down. While our lips were pressed together and tongues entwined, I began to undo my pants.

"Nfu, wait, nnunn..." Good, good, take them off. "Ah, ahh, you're too good at undressing, wait, please wait~"

——No waiting! Oh, chubby thighs. Looks delicious.

"Ah, don't stroke me like that... please wait... Ahh~"

What a nice feeling. Also, the fact that her choice of panties suggests she has no intention of revealing them to anyone is a nice touch. She covers her face with her hands in embarrassment. I might get used to this ——Gufufu.

"Isn't it weird to only let someone touch you? Look, you can touch me too." I let her hold a meat pen instead of a usual pen.

"Uwa, it's so hard." ——Like I've imagined. "Fuwa, it's throbbing, ah, it twitched."

If you say something like that, of course, it's going to. "Just keep holding and handling it gently."

"Yes, ugh, it feels weird... It's hot, hard, and big... Ah, it twitched again."

——Of course (chuckle). She examined it with gentle strokes... ku, "Yes, that's good."

"Th-that's a relief... Well, um..."

"Oh..." She got even more interested, rubbing and rubbing. I also got carried away... then,

"Nfu!" I thrust my hand down to feel her puffy lips, she makes a cute sound. So soft and ——wait, what's this? ...So fluffy.

"It seems like you haven't done any maintenance down there."

"Uuh..." Even while looking down, embarrassed, she doesn't stop stroking.

"But this is fine too. There's a certain charm to coat it with my color later." Swiftly, I unbutton her shirt.

Oh, as expected, the belly is pleasantly plump. The perfect amount of softness. So plump. "No....Desmond-sama, please forgive me..."

Too bad, I wouldn't be able to listen to her if she was shimmying around so rudely like this. Oh, her areolas are pink and quite large, they don't disappoint. Now, time for her panties to come off too.

"Ah..." Closing her legs tightly, emphasizing the softness of her bare thighs. The area at the base is adorned with flaxen hairs. Hmm, you take care of it really well. I slipped my thumb into her plump canyon and ―― open sesame!

"Hiii..."

Hmm, the hairs are guarding the area. However, "it's moist. and what a nice smell. The alluring scent of a lustful woman that's about to be awakened." *Sniff, sniff*

"No, nooo... I, ahh..."

As she reluctantly spreads her plump thighs, the flesh on her belly jiggles. ...Well, this is something else. I inhale the scent loudly, and with my nose, I part her pubic hair.

"Um, um. Hmm."

Instinctively nuzzling. Sniffing and locating her opening with my lips to seek the intense aroma.

"*kiss*, *kiss*, *lick* *lick* *lick*"

"Ugh, ah, I'm being licked... ahh, the tongue is inside, ah, ahh..."

She places her hands on my head, wriggling her hips. The sweet and sour fragrance of honey intensifies. Wait, so what was the scent until now? Let's keep that a secret for her honor.

"*Slurp* *Slurp*, *lick* *lick*."

"Ah, ah, hu, uuuuh..."

Forcing open the tightly closed entrance. Her pussy throbs, and a sticky honey coats the walls. Viviane-sensei wriggles her hips, but she still keeping her thighs spread ——Gufufu.

I poured my saliva in and sucked it up. Left hand on her tummy, right hand on her breasts. Giving her soft, plump nipples attention, *flick, flick*.

"Ahh, what's this, what's this?... fuhi, n, no, impossible, so many places at once, fuhaan ❤"

Oh, the nectar's richness has increased a bit. I start pistoning my tongue. Coating the surrounding hair with my saliva, using my tongue to lick back her little bean – *kiss*❤

"Hiiii!"

The plumpness bounces. *Puuushi*, and the honey splashes.

Gufufufufu, good, good. Well then, shall we try fingers next?

"Desmond-sama, please wait..."

No waiting! With that melted expression and a sweet voice –– I won't stop rubbing until you climax!

"Ahh, aannn, fingers, hi, nnn, aauuuu!"

I concentrate the sensation on my fingertips, repeatedly caressing the still-tight flower. Stirring the virgin passage with squelching sounds as the amount of honey increases. "Ugh, ah, what is this, something is... fu, ahhhh ❤" She arches her back, raising her chin.

Good, good, it's coming, it's coming. "Good, just like that, also, say I'm cumming when you're about to climax."

"Fufue! c-cum...? Nn, ahhhh ❤❤"

"Come on, cumming, say it. Can you say it?"

I must be making a wicked face right now. Gufufu.

"Ah, au, I'm... I-I, she moistened her lips with teary eyes ——Hmm, no matter how clumsy she may be, a woman who revels in pleasure is beautiful.

——cute.

"I'm cummiiing ❤❤❤"

As I bend my fingers, she springs up like a bridge. *Splashes, splashes*. Licking and slurping, I press my tongue against her swollen clit.

"Ooohhh ❤"

I feel like I'm some kind of vulva expert. She quivers all over, and if she keeps this up, she might lose weight. It would be a waste to make her lose this body thought. Sucking up her climax juice, I press my throbbing core against her hole.

"Haa, afe..." Staring into her droopy eyes ——oh, she's drooling too. *lick*. "Nu ❤"

Oh my, she even seeks my tongues on her own. While entwining tongues with the melting and dependent her, I gently sink the tip in. Feeling the pre-cum dripping into her vagina, I press against her tight opening.

"Nnn, fa...fe?"

She notices the foreign object about to enter her. "Uah, fuaaaa! Desmond-sama, ah, aauau"

Licking her lips, I slowly advance.

"Nn, guu..."

"It's okay, it might be painful at first, but it'll feel good soon."

Pushing my rock-hard pillar forward gently, the moderately loosened passage feels so comfy. "Haaaan ❤❤ Aah, aguuuu ❤❤"

Then came the sensation of breaking through the hymen. However, she seems to feel more pleasure than pain now. I'm not sure if it's my own technique or the blessing of the Ero Elf, I'd like to think it's the latter. Well, either way, I'm grateful to the girls who gave me experience.

"Uua, fuaah, it's inside me..."

"Oh yes, I'm inside. All the way in. Viviane's pussy feels good. I want to impregnate you just like this."

"Hiiii. N, hii..., my belly, so full..."

"Are you alright? Feel any pain?" I push the tip to the deepest part while asking her, gently rub her inside.

"I-it's not... Aah, ahh, what is this..."

"Fufufu, it feels good, right? Don't believe it could surpass the earlier sensation, do you?"

Viviane-sensei blushes and looks down. Hmm, cute, cute. Our bellies touched, and I rotated my hips. Grinding our pubic bones together. Ah, nice, so soft.

"Hi, haa, haaah ❤"

"You're making such a nice face. How cute. Stick out your tongue."

"Fuee... Chu, *lick*." Oh, her folds are squeezing.

I let her legs wrap around my waist, grabbing her waist. Enjoying her belly fat, *push*, *push*. "Ahee... "

Her soft breasts sway. I bite onto her plump nipples. Sucking, licking, gradually getting used to the feeling of the welcoming meat hole, I imprint myself on her.

"Ah, ah, yeah, eyes, something is sparkling in my eyes... uuuuuu."

"Fufu, it's fine to let it go, no need to think anything. I'll dye you completely white."

I thrust into her cervix forcefully. The feedback sensation of her descending uterus feels pleasant. Her vagina folds tightening. I want to impregnate her as is. Well, I haven't received permission for that yet, so today, I won't impregnate her——let's drown her in pleasure first. Ooo, I'm about to cum too.

——Gufufu.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming❤"

"Go ahead, cum. When you cum, I'll pour it into your stomach."

"...Faa ❤ pour ...pouring."

"Oh yes, plenty." I rocked against her vigorously. She clings to me with her arms or legs, desperately trying not to be thrown away.

"Faa, haa..." she squeezes, clinging even tighter,

——*spluuuuurt*

"~~~~~❤❤❤"

With her body arched, I explode inside her. My pulses pushed her walls as she came, turning her uterus white.

Ahh, feels good, I let it out plenty this time too. ——Gufufu.

...However, this is it for today. But maybe more when you get used to it? ——Gufufufufufufu.

After thoroughly enjoying her exhausted body plumpness for a while, I clean her up and make her my body pillow before drifting off to sleep.

Needless to say, I had a good night's sleep.

However, little did I know that based on this experience, the "bonus" content for her new work will be vividly illustrated.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Did you read it?" The princess waved the picture story she held in her hand. The maid behind her kept a serene face, not interjecting anything into the princess's unseemly behavior.

"............Yes," the saint replied in a voice so small it seemed to fade away. Her face was red up to her ears.

A gentle breeze blew past.

The late summer sun was shining down gently, giving the fairy-like girls a bit of a glow. Not a single table or chair deviated from the grandeur befitting the royal palace. Plump and cute lips sipped from ruby-colored teacups. Princess Sylvia's silver hair swayed and Saint Christina's golden hair sparkled right back. Both of them were beautiful. Their talk was like a fairy's chatting —— content aside.

Princess Sylvia said, "《The Impregnation Lord's Bride》 —— with a suggestive title like that, and the author disappeared after visiting <Aldora>, I was expecting information about the 《Impregnation Lord》 —— but what a letdown. This is just fantasy" she sighed. "The method of impregnation is just ejaculating inside the vagina until conception, it is...too conventional, just a typical fantasy. I was expecting a more, like, groundbreaking way of impregnation."

Seeing Sylvia, a noble and beautiful girl, shamelessly repeating the words "impregnate," "ejaculate," and "inside the vagina," If Desmond is here, he'd probably be happy to see her perform the three combos.

And so, the princess stared intently at the saint.

――How strange.

Watching the saint blush and become flustered was one of the reasons she called her here. There was nothing more satisfying than sipping tea while watching that. Yes...

"Christina, you... perhaps――"

"Wha-!? No, no, no, no, there's

"Wha...!? N-n-no, it's nothing, really! Y-yeah, that's just a, um, conventional story! Nothing special or pornographic about it, totally not a piece I read it again and again or anything!"

"........(Stare)"

".......(Turns away, sweating profusely)"

The princess extends her slender, supple fingers, enchanting with a gesture as if to caress Christina's chin.

"Have you noticed the method 《Impregnation Lord》used?"

*Boom!* (blushing really hard)

"............I wonder why you can be a saint. Alright then..."

Rattle, rattle!

The saint retreats by rattling her chair when the princess suddenly stands up gracefully.

"Why are you running away? That's inappropriate."

"B-because you're going to chase me!"

"Don't you understand? The more they run, the stronger the desire to chase."

"I... I don't want to understand!"

Tears had already gathered at the corners of the saint's eyes.

Slowly,

With the table between them, the silver princess and the golden saint begin to circle each other. The maid standing by quietly......,

*――Bang!*

"Kyaaaaa!" The saint was being held tightly by the maid.

"Good, keep her like that."

"I humbly comply."

"Why such formality all of a sudden!"

The saint struggles and writhes, but she can't break free from the maid's hold.

"Now, are you ready to talk?"

"N-no..." The princess's fingers, moving skillfully, make the saint's pale face shake. The maid is a bit uneasy with the saint's swirling golden hair.

"It will be easier if you talk," the princess approaches.

"I-I won't..." The saint features tighten.

"Oh, you've noticed something after all."

"N-n-n-n-nothing... Phew, phew (a poor attempt at whistling)"

"You're a bad liar. Or more importantly, is it okay for a saint to lie?"

"I-I became a saint just because..."

"Because you recognize Eros? You're just a village girl. What if ... bishop finds out that you don't care about doctrines...?"

"Please don't~, I beg you~" The saint shakes her tearful face.

The maid looks like she's about to sneeze.

The princess stops her excited fingers and puts her index finger on her chin. "――Well, if you say so, based on everything we discussed earlier, it appears that there's something that can be as Eros depicted in《The Impregnation Lord's Bride》, and because you know Eros, you were able to notice that something. From this, we can conclude that 《Impregnation Lord》――or someone close to him knows Eros, and by doing something related to Eros, makes it easier for him to impregnate women...? That sounds about right.

At the princess's brilliant deduction, the saint had her mouth wide open.

"You're sharp as always... Ah... Th-that's not... well... I mean, there were certainly some parts, but I really don't know if that makes women more prone to getting pregnant..."

The princess's gaze made the saint stiffen.

"Well, well――if that's the case, where is it? The part where Eros is depicted, the part that you, Eros maiden, have read over and over again――I would very much like you to tell me." The princess's supple finger touched the nape of the saint's neck.

"Hah, hmph ......"

"I don't understand it myself. Will I start feeling it when I stroke you like this?" She said, stroking the saint's chin with a teasing touch, rubbing behind her ears.

"S-Stop...," the saint's hips wriggled.

"Fufufu, I may not understand 'eros,' but I do understand that you look incredibly cute right now. ...Is this spot feel good?"

"Uu, uuuu..." As the saint rubbed her inner thighs, the princess's eyes gleamed. With those sadistic eyes, the saint's lower abdomen started to grow hotter.

"Come, tell me. If you want, you can read aloud or even do what was written to me."

"Do what was written, to Via-chan?!"

The Saintess looked at Sylvia's royal body Then,

"Ahahahaha! Stop! Via-chan, please stop, ahahahaha!"

The princess's fingers were kneading the saint's side.

"........Somehow, I just felt a chill just now. Despite being Christ-chan."

"Yaaaaaah! That tickle, ah, ahahahaha!"

"Keep on laughing and writhing. It suits you to writhe in tears, snot, drool, and pee. Your <Holy Panty> will absorb pee anyway. You said that sometimes you do it in public when can't endure it. But maybe you do it on purpose? And maybe, you, who know about Eros, feel good about it. ......"

"Wha, how do you know... Ah, ouch! Via-chan, it hurts! It hurts! This isn't tickling, you're pinching me!"

"You need to be a lady first before aiming for sainthood, right? Well, lucky you, I've got a strict lesson lined up for you."

"Is it really ladylike to pin a girl down and tickle her!? Ah, ahahaha! Okay, okay, stop, I'm, I'm going to leak!"

"Come on, let it out, Miss Wetting Saint. It'll be easier to talk about what you've noticed after you've relieved yourself."

"No, no, you still at it? No, seriously, it's about to leak, hahahahahaha!"

A saint in a cross-legged chokehold and the princess who continues to tickle her. This is a women's garden where men are forbidden, The "Lily Garden". The saint does not know why it is called that, as she can feel Eros but has not inherited the knowledge. And behind the saintly woman, who she has buzzes her blonde hair aginst, the maid finally

"Kuchi~!" (Sneeze)

"——Ah."

The saint's complexion suddenly changed amidst the laughing. Sensing this, the princess stops her hand and moves away.

".................."

".................."

A moment of silence. Then the princess says.

"That's a cute sneeze."

"I'm humbly flattered."

While the maid is apologetic, she doesn't let go of the saint she has in a hold. The saint, with her face down and blushing, tears welling up in the corners of her eyes, looks a bit relieved.

◇

"Uuuu~"

The saint, who had returned to her room in the church, was lying face down on the bed in her holy robes,

——I-I peed in front of Via-chan. .......

——It's so good.......

When she recalls that refreshing feeling, her eyes soften and she ends up drooling. After that, Christina was once again cornered by her princess. Although she was still kept at a certain distance. but,

Even though she tells her and the princess attempts to get to that part, she's able to access the steamy scenes. Despite both getting the same free version from Aldora.

"Is this... perhaps, it's designed to only allow those who recognize eros to access it? Fufu, in that case, I am even more looking forward to the time when I can meet him."

A thought that involuntarily sends shivers down the spine, making her heart race. The appearance, the sensation of wetting herself in front of her, and the act of swaying her hips while reading aloud that erotic scene in front of the princess and the maid——moreover, the princess had a face that tells she didn't understand the meaning behind it —— all of these things cause Christina's eyes to become even more bewitching.

"――Haah," she sighed. Christina, maintaining her position, extended only her arms under the bed and fumbled to pull out a book.

"Hufu~haa... how wonderful." It was《The Impregnation Lord's Bride》. She lovingly stroked the cheek of the "Impregnation Lord" depicted on the cover. Her drool dripped from her slightly parted lips.

——I wonder if he really looks like this.

The face of the saintly maiden, lost in thoughts of "Impregnation Lord," is no longer that of a maiden in love but that of a female in heat.

――If the "Impregnation Lord" were a man who recognizes eros, I wonder if he would gently, pleasurably, do me like in the book. Thrust it into my tummy over and over again, ejaculate inside, and impregnate me... "Fuhuhu."

An unbecoming sigh escaped the holy maiden. Her lower abdomen moistened with heat, and her hips naturally wriggled. Even beneath the holy robes, her full buttocks asserted their sensuality. Her cute face turned wanton, and with her big chest heaving, she gently touched the penis inspired by "D" described in the book with her graceful fingers.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Saint Christina Ernest was essentially an ordinary girl in an ordinary village, but still, she's a sexually active girl in her own right. If it were a world where there was eroticism, such as the one where Desmond spent his previous life, her sexual drive would have made her rather ordinary. However, this is a world without it. In a sense, she was rather unusual in this world.

The first time she realized her abnormality was when men in the neighborhood showed their upper bodies on a hot summer day. That was around the time of her first period.

Children are highly sensitive to anything out of place. They can sense the difference between one and the other, and then try to eliminate what they don't understand. At first, the children showed some reaction towards Christina's somewhat funny behavior but gradually....

"That weird woman, she's making weird noise while looking at Brother's chest again!"

"Go away, you weirdo! are you trying to leer at my breasts too?"

"――Fuho"

Problem was, she did it even more after getting insulted.

Children were even more sensitive to danger. Without eros, the children couldn't identify the object of her excitement and were afraid to interact with her. As they were more likely to endanger themselves if they actively tried to get rid of her.

Some boys even dreamed that she showed up in their beds in the middle of the night, making it hard for them to go to the bathroom by themselves for a while. Why they had such dreams, they don't know. Probably because of their fear.

Christina was originally the prettiest girl in the village. After her first step to adulthood, it was expected that she would immediately be able to find a suitable spouse. However, with her condition, there was no way that she would get one. Christina turned seventeen without getting married and grew up to be a beautiful woman who secretly pleasured herself with the desk corner behind everyone's back.

It was around that time. A priest heard a rumor about Christina, suspected what might occur, visited the village, and identified her as a saint.

／

Over and over again, his thick, swollen penis moved in and out of her willing vagina. Her womanhood was being stretched and thrust by his strong cock, her womanly lips gushed out with pleasure as he rubbed the folds and thrust deep inside her. The back of her eyes flickering, and——

Aaaaahhhh, aaahhhh, aaahhh, it's sparking, it's turning thite~❤ cumming, I'm cumming~❤❤❤

There was a beautiful girl frantically shaking on the bed with her lips closed. Her eyes debauched, her hips arched up like a bridge, and her voluptuous curve bounced. Her shiny blonde hair sprawled out on the sheets, wiggling and twisting like a writhing serpent. She was like a lewd mermaid washed up on the beach of pleasure.

"Oh, ahhh ...... ♪ ahhh ❤"

She relaxes with a debauched expression as she enjoys the afterglow of the climax that has run through her entire body. However, her dreamy fantasy is still not over.

――Aaan, no, no, 《Impregnation Lord》❤ I'm still cumming, so, please stop moving❤ Ahhh❤❤

Her mouth drooled, and she wiggled her hips again. In her dream, the virgin's vagina is filled to the brim with a muscular man's meat that never wilts.

The saintly Christina held her own lips, almost spilling out her ecstasy. The lower mouth, which continues to spill out nectar, is held in place by the <Holy Panty> that are her <Regalia>, and continues to suck her nectar without stopping.

――Ah, ah, my insides feel amazing, it feels so good to be penetrated by 《Impregnation Lord》... I never thought that after being forced to wear this, I would be able to satisfy myself on my own again... I'm cumming again, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming ❤❤❤

She covered her mouth with her hand and climaxed with an inaudible cry.

In her little fantasy, she swapped it out with the hand of the 《Impregnation Lord》It's like he's forcing her mouth shut. She's doing something inappropriate, in an even improper place. The debauched blue eyes reveal a heart symbol inside them.

——It's so, so wonderful.

——cumming, I'm cumming, can't, I can't stop ❤ "~~~~~~❤❤❤"

She bounced, spewing nectar over and over again into her <Holy Panty> which was supposed to be a strict prohibition to the saintly woman who knew about eroticism not to indulge in pleasure without permission. The <Holy Panty> and <Holy Bra> block pleasure and are only allowed to be removed during holy rituals. They were to block out external stimulation and discourage masturbation, but ...... now they were used as convenient tools to destroy evidence, no matter how much she came, with a function to absorb waste, a function to keep the saint's body clean.

And so it happened, the saint reached heaven without directly touching herself. No saint has been as good as her. After two years of trapping in a chastity belt, the saint finally got her hands on a device that made her reach a realm where she could cum without touching herself, only with her imagination.

It is said that since ancient times, spells increased in power by sealing them.

One example is the "Evil Eye". Stitching up the eyelids, covering the pupil. Instead of dispersing, the "power" it's supposed to release ends up piling up and getting stronger. It doesn't matter if you meant to lock it away or not, the result is just more of that "power".

The saint who acquired the opportunity to engage in pleasure reached the realm where she could come from her fantasies alone. A synergistic effect brought about by a reincarnate who knows about eros who has set foot in this world.

——The gasp of the saintly woman, who looked like a bitch in heat, was raging.

She was now lying on her face, her plump and shapely buttocks raised, and the hem of her robe open suggestively.

――No❤, unacceptable, you can't do me from behind like a beast ❤❤!

Her imagination point, which exceeded 530,000 had even led her to a position that was not described in the book. In her mind, she was being forcibly bent over by《Impregnation Lord》.

His imaginary voice sinks sweetly in her ear.

"What are you talking about? I'm only doing it because you want it. Look, isn't that part of you that twitching? You are begging me to pour my next batch of seed."

——N, no, you're lying.

"I'm not."

The saint's hand, which she quickly brought to her mouth, was attacked by the voice and fingers of the phantom man.

"What's this? how eager. You're even drooling, wanting my penis."

"Fuho," as her crevice was caressed in the illusion, a pleased gasp slipped out.

And without a word, the scorching rod was thrust inside her.

"Nuuhhhh, Nn, Nuuuhhhh ❤❤"

The bed shakes so hard, it is hard to believe she is shaking it all by herself. The bed shook as if a man was pressing down on the woman and rocking his hips away.

"Nnnnghhhh, nnnnghhhh ~~~~ ❤❤❤❤"

The epicenter, the way she's shaking all by herself on that bed feels so real, it's hard to think it's just in her head.

As the saint thoroughly indulged in her fantasies,

"I'm going to ejaculate."

——No, you can't, you cannot you ejaculate inside my vagina, I'm a saint, I'm a pure virgin.....

"Get pregnant."

She heard a phantom male voice,

"~~~~~~~❤ ❤❤❤ ~~~~~~~❤❤❤❤❤"

The saint sensed his burning heat (imagination) pouring into her.

――I-I'm pregnant, impregnated by 《Impregnation Lord》... even though I'm still a virgin who has never been penetrated by a man. He's pouring it into the depths of my womb, and m-make me pregnant, uuuu~ ❤❤❤

The holy maiden, who had been fussing about (but kept her voice down), looked satisfied and....urinate-ed.

——I'd like to meet the real《Impregnation Lord》. I heard that he will be coming to the royal capital, maybe I should ask Via.

But, there's a chance I might climax just by looking... No, I might end up pregnant... "Fuho~"

.....

◇

Chills ran down my spine.

What was that just now, this uneasy feeling!

It's like I'm being targeted by some divine presence, but moist.

You might not understand what I'm saying, I don't understand either. However, according to the sensation taught by "Chicken Sense," that seems to be the case.

Moreover, after being shown an image of a swollen belly by a woman I don't remember,

and hearing, "It's your baby,"

It's escalating into an insane development... Well, with all due respect to "Chicken Sense," who seems to have done a decent job for the first time in a while, I'll do my best to avoid that route.

But, how the hell do I do that?

...Ah, and the timing...

Just as I received a summons from the royal capital, calling me over to discuss the inheritance of the Terrace Count title.

I really don't want to go.

I don't need a title or inheritance. I'm just a lord who wants to do naughty things with the girls here in <Aldora>, get them pregnant, and have some sexy time. It's just that the luck is so bad, and this is not just some gut feeling, it's a skill.

...Ouch, my balls hurt all of a sudden ... Too much sperm in the tank, it's so painful. Damn, this is bad, It seems like I can't go to the royal capital now.

Such a shame! (cheer)

"Then I will soothe it and make you feel better."

"Foooohhh!"

My beloved wife sucked my falsely injured balls into her mouth. She played with them with her dainty lips and licked and rolled them around quickly, licking and rolling.

Yes, I got the chills when I was snuggling with Charlotte-chan in bed in the middle of the day.

"...... Fufu, looks like you're getting better already."

Her bewitchingly glowing emerald eyes reflect the majestically towering flesh.

"Well now, thank you for the food."

She quickly straddles me, and she slips the towering meat sword into its sheath.

"Oh oh ......"

"Ohhhh ...... it's so big ......❤ ahhh, nnnn......."

Charlotte wiggles her hips lewdly. I moan and groan as I turn my hips and fuck her, my cock twitching as I handle her.

——I thrust and thrust.

"Ohhhhhhhh ❤❤"

She bends over, her dreamy fruits bouncing. I buried my face in her fruit as she came down on my body. Breathe in, sniff, lick.

"Ng, haaan, dejumondsamaa❤"

We held each other in a sweaty cuddle, and I cum inside her sweet, welcoming womb, which tightened lewdly. The semen pours in and disappears, and the bulge of my child touches my stomach.

——I was so happy to be able to enjoy this experience.

...... but, yeah, I know. I'm going to be a daddy, so I can't run away.

Hah, I'll do my best to go to the royal capital...

...Somehow, if I can muster up the courage to do so,

"Fufu, as expected of Desmond-sama." In those teasing eyes, there's not just desire but also, for some reason, an incredibly embarrassing feeling.

Then she, Charlotte, who was going to be a mother, lifted up the fruit of every man's dreams,

"Well then, before becoming a daddy, how about trying to become a baby?"

——I'm not afraid to say yes.

I wouldn't object one bit!

Charlotte chuckled provocatively,

"Look, here's your titties❤" she provoked, shooking them left and right.

"Babu~!"

"Aww, babies definitely won't bite like this, nn, ngh, aahhh ❤"

Like trying to shake off the chills, I clung to Charlotte hungrily, fully embracing the baby in me.――

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What is that thing?

The shepherd boy was the first to spot it.

A dark dot in the sky as the sun came up from the east.

Curious, he informed the adults in the village.

——What's that? A bird?

——Where could that even from?

The adults looked at the sun, confused, and went pale as it rapidly increased in size.

Look, a bird, a wizard, no, a "dragon!"

The cries of commotion, screaming, and arguing erupts.

The King of Monsters. Even the aristocrats proficient in magic are terrified by its presence, commoners like them would be nothing more than good prey. Yet, from the perspective of the one causing the chaos, the panicking humans were nothing more than dust.

As evidence, the beast did nothing, just passing through the sky.

The boy watched in astonishment.

/

"Urgent report! Urgent report! Dragon, a dragon is flying towards the direction of the Capital!"

Upon receiving this news, the royal castle became as chaotic as if someone had overturned a bucket.

"A dragon, you say! What kind?"

"According to the 【Telepathy】, it's has black-patterned! And judging by the magical power, it's of a Sovereign Rank!"

"What...?"

"Wait! Wasn't the one the Platinum Breaker partnered with also a Black Dragon?! But I'm sure that she's been told through the Witch not to ride into Royal Capital with a dragon."

"Yeah, that Breaker will listen if it's something her mother says."

"So, is it another dragon? Or is it just a rebellious phase coming too late?! Alright! In that case, she's rebelling against the wrong person!"

Among them, however, some laughed fearlessly.

"Sovereign Black Dragon. Nothing short of a worthy opponent."

"Haha, this is going to be fun."

"Let's go, <Royal Knight Order>!"

"Oh!"

Right away, they set up defenses, and all the mages in Capital created a protective barrier.

An impressive response, truly befitting the elite of the Capital.

"I can see it! That's definitely the Sovereign Black Dragon."

They're at a fortress in the mountains near Capital, made to keep the city safe. They've got large magical ballistas, built to deal with huge magical creatures. Operated by dozens of mages, it was said to have repelled dragons in the past.

But the opponent was the Sovereign Black Dragon. How effective would it be?

"...... What is this pressure......?"

Slowly, as the big opponent got even bigger, the soldiers in the fortress started sweating and swallowing nervously. These were tough soldiers, used to dealing with big magical creatures many times while protecting Capital. But even for them, facing something like this...

The Commander felt tense in his stomach.

He shouted, using 【Amplification】.

"Supreme Sovereign Black Dragon, I ask you! Why have you come to this land? Please tell us the reason!"

Holding their breath, everyone watched as it answered...

『Capital.』

The voice echoed with the majestic and stern authority of the dragon.

The still inexperienced recruits had their legs give way, trembling. The dampness in their groins might not be something they'd want to admit having.

"Why!" cried the commander, struggling to contain knees on the verge of collapse.

『I supposed because guys called.』——Even though I didn't want to come...

The later words wouldn't reach them.

"Called? By who? ...Could it be, some schemer planning to overthrow the country!?"

The commander was sweating nervously. A dragon, the strongest creature, and this one, the Sovereign Black Dragon with unparalleled power. If it was unleashed upon Capital, it would surely cause the city's impending doom.

Such a thing, "――I won't let you do it!"

"We request you to return!" With a strong effort, the commander raised his voice, and the soldiers desperately held their spirits.

——I want to go home too! But they said they'd catch me and put a baby in me!

However, "her" plead never reaches them.

"If you proceed any further, we will initiate an attack."

Upon the commander's use of 【Amplification】, she seemed to have a rather pleased expression. They couldn't understand the changes in the dragon's face, but it seemed like, "I'll let out my frustration on you lots them, time to vent!" The dragon's eyes glowed with flames.

——Hey, what are you trying to do? Stop it, don't do it!

——Fuhahaha! a green light then! I've picked up on some other-worldly culture, all thanks to you!

——No, it's not me! it must be your sister telling that to you! Don't push the responsibility onto me!"

Naturally, their exchange on her back wouldn't reach the soldiers on the ground.

"All personnel, ready!"

At the commander's command, the mages began infusing magical power into the large magical ballistas.

The flow was tremendous.

This would be enough to shoot down a dragon, or so how it usually goes.

But it was the Supreme Sovereign Black Dragon.

Its eyes glared fiercely.

——Fuhaha, something on her back bubbled with excitement.

——Stop it! The lord on her back was unsettled.

To her, they were like tiny dust on the ground. No matter if it was a male or female, or dog ——there were quite a few—— no matter how many people gathered, they were just dust.

What is a dragon without pride?

As if to make a point, She adopted a nonchalant posture.

"Go all out, no holding back! I want to see everything you've got!"

『Ohhhhh!』

At the commander's shout, the soldiers strained with all their might.

The dragon grinned maliciously.

"Fall!"

Then, the magical ballistae were released.

The mountain and the air trembled.

『Fufufu, clever little thing.』

At that moment, the commander witnessed it. The flashes of light merge inside the black dragon's mouth.

【Dragon's Breath】...No, it was something else. It was an unparalleled power that manifested, a skill exclusive to high-ranking dragons.

"【Dragon Flash】..."

The radiance coalescing within the dragon's maw is truly the brilliance of demise——Similar to the end of the stars, the scene of the apocalypse, which is told in myths and not even depicted in fairy tales, is now revealed.

『Vanish, humans.』

Like an immovable golden star, the radiance converges, and then——

——Stop it, you idiot!

——Snap.

As if wrenching the dragon's neck forcibly, it bends upward.

A radiance of despair is released into the sky as humans below watch in astonishment.

——Teresa, I'll leave that to you! But it just cancels it out, right? Don't attack them, definitely don't fight back!

——Fuhaha, understood! I won't disappoint the expectations of the husband who impregnated me!

【Demon Slash】!

A gigantic slash was released from a huge great halberd. It did not disappoint the spectators' expectations,

——I told you to stop it, you idiot! aaaaah!!

It went right back against the magical ballista, pushing and crushing it, and eventually

——Nooooo!!

——Fhunn!

With the demon's will, it changed course and shot into the sky.

The wind pressure was monstrous.

The trees shook, the mountains trembled, and the fortresses built in the mountains to defend the Royal Capital creaked.

"Oh, oooh! Everyone, brace for impact, brace for impact! Use all your magic power to defend!"

『Ooooooooooooooo!』

The commander yells, and the soldiers give it their all. After the wind passes, one defense line of the <Royal Capital> is already on a wobbly leg.

——Can I just go back? This feels like a serious crime against the nation, right?

The "Lord" on the dragon's back is holding his head in his hands.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The wind remained calm.

Is this what they call the calm before the storm?

The murmured words, spoken by no one in particular, spread like ripples on the surface of a lake, only to suddenly stop.

Everyone gazed uniformly at the eastern sky. Feeling a chill down their backs.

Yet, retreat was not an option.

Because behind them lay their city. Their country, their family, their home. Defiance painted their faces. It was a smile squeezed out of the last of their courage, or perhaps the excitement of encountering a formidable foe.

They aren't smiling because they're strong, it's because they're strong that they can smile.

The elite unit guarding the <Royal Capital>.

They're the last defense, each as strong as a thousand. Against the Sovereign Black Dragon, soldiers would turn to dust even behind the shield. So, they sent in a small, elite force.

Who the opponent is doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is keeping the capital safe.

"Here it comes."

As if a stone was thrown into the lake.

The resulting ripples immediately exceeded the boiling point and, with a simmering, settled.

――The wind started blowing.

A dark gust, filled with blistering magic power.

The Black Dragon glared at the knights deployed in front of the Capital.

And then.

Something leaped from its back.

Through magic binoculars, the knights could see something like a cloak fluttering.

The knights tensed.

Because the Black Dragon extended its dragon arm to its own back.

It caught something.

It was a movement that could only be seen as such.

Then,

The dragon twisted its body in mid-air. It was exactly the stance of a pitcher winding up, ready to throw something held by its arm overhead. Like lifting an axe.

Pitching, ready.

——Throw.

／

"aaahhh! Fuuuck!!"

Thrown vertically to the ground by Schwarz, I screamed. I shouted as loud as I could from my belly.

I never thought a dragon would use a mix of tornado and axe-throwing pitching windup to vertically hurl her lord to the ground.

Well, it's true that I twisted Schwarz's neck when she tried to use that Dragon Flash thing on the fort earlier, barely preventing a disaster.

But, come on! There was no other way in that situation, right? I knew you were upset when you looked at the fort afterward. I knew, but still...

Ugh, this is too much!

Remember this you damn dragon, when I get back to you, I'll...

——Knock you up!

I swear with the honor of my son. But that's after I get back, now I have to deal with this situation first.

I felt the wind hitting all over my body.

Air gets ripped apart, leaving a thunderous roar. If I hadn't fortified my body, would I not have incinerated before meeting the ground? Realizing this in a moment of panic, I prepared myself, but the clothes I put on were now all charred black. Doesn't this make it look like I'm wrapped in some evil aura to those who see it?

Seriously, this is really bad!

I was so fast that I passed Teresa, who had taken off ahead of me.

As I passed her,

——Ho! As expected of my husband,

Don't give me that look! It's your dragon doing, alright? Help your husband! Seriously, if I hit the ground at this speed,

My mass × Speed (× Dragon's throwing force?)

=

Total Destruction! (Bullet, me)

Knights, please run! shock-resistant posture, brace for impact, medic, medic, incoming!

No, they're not trying to escape at all. I have to do something... Hang in there, me! Why do I have to step in to protect them, who are currently in a dire situation due to my allies? But if I give up, many lives will end here. Seriously.

Expending all my magical energy, and being someone who cannot utilize my magic circuit, with only a vague "Course" designated by me, I cast my magic...

◇

――I witnessed a miracle.

Said a mage that recounted the tale.

The descent of his presence.

Thud,

With an unexpectedly light sound, he descended before them.

Judging from the recent posture of the Supreme Sovereign Black Dragon, he was undoubtedly being thrown into the ground. ——By the dragon.

Moreover, it seemed that there was a considerable grudge in that throwing. ——No, that couldn't be. It must have been part of the performance.

Because that person came riding on that dragon.

Riding on the Supreme Overlord Black Dragon.

And with incredible ease, he descended to the earth from that throw.

At that altitude, at that speed, and if his own senses were not mistaken, the dragon even infused magic when throwing him.

Everyone present, being elites familiar with magic and arcane art, understood well the jaw-dropping nature of those actions. How much magic control would be needed to descend as if nothing happened? Repelling the dragon's spell, maintain his speed without a scratch——furthermore, not only for himself. He landed without harming the ground, without stirring any wind, without causing anything whatsoever.

——You could hear someone gulping.

His shining golden hair now gives off a feeling of coldness rather than the warmth of the sunlight, giving an unsettling feeling to those who look at it (※Personal bias. Impressions may vary due to environmental factors and individual differences). The blue eyes that sparkled in thick black smoke seemed more draconic than human.

The clothes he adorned were black, emanating a weightiness reminiscent of the bed of a sea of blood.

At that moment, the mage recalled an old saying.

Let the one clad in black descend into the garden of despair...

This place, which filled the elites with shock, was undoubtedly the garden of despair.

The mage felt their flesh trembling from the bone.

And then, a word dropped into his mind.

"............Demon Lord...."

It was at that moment.

"Fuhahahaha!"

Amidst the shiver that filled the atmosphere, an inappropriate——or rather, fitting——uproarious laughter descended.

Look! A forty-something-year-old woman is falling from the sky!

Of course. No one would dare utter such words.

Casually glancing at the sky, he swiftly raised both arms, and a tanned woman in her forties descended, gracefully settling into his embrace snugly. She looked surprisingly youthful and lively for her age——held by him, she had the face of a young maiden.

But no one but him was able to identify it as a girl's face.

"Hmm, hmm, this is quite nice. Well, I guess I can't complain about this!"

*Roar*!

And the tanned woman, with her big, emerald eyes, let out an uproarious roar.

"Hey, isn't that Platinum Breaker...?"

"...Ah, I've seen her causing trouble in our territory before..."

"But, she seems... softer?"

Even if one doesn't understand eroticism, if they had seen her before, they would have such an impression. Indeed, she was acting sweetly in his arms.

Platinum blonde, straight hair, with a tanned and healthy complexion. Despite her age, she looks like a girl in her mid-twenties, donning the official attire of the <Aldora Knights>. In other words, it was a provocative leotard paired a cape. The enormous halberd she carried was already thrust deep into the ground, and she pressed her full breasts against Desmond, rubbing her cheek against his with a spoiled expression, like a cat.

Those who had been through her antics before stared at her, their faces looking like their SAN was taking a nosedive.

"Fuhaha, and thanks for the reception!"

Everyone shivered!

While she continued to act spoiled, the Breaker's gaze turned towards them. With a ferocious laugh, her appearance, though beautiful, was still recognizably ferocious. Everyone looked at Desmond, mirroring an expression....to use Desmond's previous world words, like watching someone cuddling with a tiger, lion, bear, or crocodile.

――Well, you know that everyone gathering here isn't to welcome you, right?

It was more of a counterattack.

Desmond seemed to be getting annoyed by her antics, but he never showed it openly. Which is one way of showing that he is also a member of the aristocracy.

"I am Baron Desmond Damwead. By the royal decree, I have arrived in the <Royal Capital>. Apologies for any disturbance," he declared, still holding Teresa.

『............』

<Royal Knight Order>.

They were elite of elites.

Yet, even among elites, there were moments when they exchanged silent glances. Despite harboring numerous thoughts, they hesitated to voice them, wary of provoking the fierce beast cradled in his arms.

Though they were elite and held pride, they were far from being the "strongest."

It's not just that, they need to be careful of the person who tamed that fierce beast too.

If the 《General》 were here... No, that's for the better.

Things might have gotten even worse.

That was their collective sentiment.

In any case, they decided to guide Desmond inside.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The room was of an exceedingly high class.

The sofa I'm currently sitting on, not to mention each and every small item placed around, it's a flawlessly elegant room.

——Well, it was a guest room in the royal palace after all

... I never thought I'd set foot in such a place.

Moreover,

I got here riding on a dragon,

Showing off. (Not in a dirty way, just saying),

When I arrived, the Royal Knights were very——grateful to see me, Impregnation Lord, and welcomed me with open arms.

―― Is everything really alright?

I mean, I'm here to receive the title, not the death penalty, right?

I believe in you, "Chicken Sense"!

Feeling a bit nervous, I only decided to come to the royal castle the other day because

『Will you come to the royal castle~?』

A letter arrived with that message.

『Absolutely not!』

How wonderful it would have been if I could reply with that (super intensely). But hey, even the esteemed "Impregnation Lord," it's impossible to go against the royal decree.

――Seriously.

But there was a problem there.

Heading to the royal capital.

+

My territory is on the frontier.

=

Too far!

"In that case, there is a really good solution (a kill-two-birds-with-one-stone kind)..."

I was a fool to fall for the sweet words of the "witch."

―― And this is the consequence.

Well, it's better to go quickly and return quickly.

"What! Ride me!? No! ...Even yesterday...even though I told him to stop, but when I smelled his dick....my body couldn't resist..."

"Then, do you want to get pregnant? If you do, you'll have more weight, and Desmond might not be as tough on you, so you won't have to fly."

"Ugh! ...G-guuu..."

With tearful eyes, Schwarz-chan looks so adorable as she allows me to mount her. ―― Gufufu. ...Well, running away doesn't seem possible with this group, even if it's a dragon.

―― And then, the chauffeur Dragon Schwarz let out her frustration in style, after making sure I landed okay, she clicked her tongue loudly and took off. ――Hmph. ...I had ensured she would return in due time, and properly.

...Should I relieve this grudge by impregnating a certain someone?

So, that's how we arrived in the Royal Capital, but... why, oh why, did I have to carry Teresa the 4x year old, who wouldn't get down from her princess-carry position all the way here?! If I tried to put her down, she clung on as if she would break my neck——wrapping her legs around my waist like a koala. But, her strength was incomparable to a koala's! Full power 【Physical Enhancement】. We entered the Royal Capital in such a state, surrounded by Royal Knight Order.

―― Yeah, They're the Guardian Knights of the Royal Capital, they would surround us and transport us, that makes sense. I mean, just looking at us, it's obvious we're a touch hazard. ―― I get it.

According to the teachings from Mama and the Terrace women, they are knights dedicated to protecting the Royal Capital. In other words, on top of being privileged youth who can use magic, they are also highly skilled.

Think about my feelings as I moved with Theresa in princess-carry right in the middle of them. Moreover,

"Is it true that the Impregnation Lord impregnated the Platinum Breaker?" "I think it would be easier to impregnate the Tyrant Bear than impregnate her."

That's an entirely different species, you know?

"Fuhahaha, how can any woman not get pregnant after getting poured into the womb. Over and over again in a single night, even when my waist gives out. Desmond is the stud who made me submit as a female!"

The knights gave me a really weird look. It's not the look people should give to a person! Even if they don't understand the context without recognizing the erotic parts, it seems like they got the message that I made Theresa submit with my reproductive ability.

She's not entirely wrong, but in a sense, it's not entirely right either...!

"Demon Lord..."

Who said that! Come forward! If you really want to call me with a title, at least make it Impregnation Lord, I beg you!

"Is it okay to bring this Demon into the royal capital...? Maybe if we act right here, we can..."

...I take it back, just keep it to yourself, I beg you.

So, in this way, we were escorted――or rather, transported to the royal castle and brought to this room.

On the way, when we met a young lady in the corridors of the royal castle,

"Don't look. If you make eye contact with him, you will get pregnant."

When she said that and hid her face from me, I could clearly hear the sound of my heart breaking.

――Well, I guess I can't deny it if I keep on doing this.

"*Squish, squelch*, *lick, lick, lick*..."

"Ah... Teresa, good... that's good..."

"Mm, mm, mmm, nnn, uu... ♪"

Theresa sucking on my cock indecently and inappropriately. What type of person would have a tan-skinned beauty to serve them right in the royal guest room?

Saliva and my dirty liquid spilled from her beautiful lips, she sucked while looking up with her large emerald eyes.

I felt the pleasure of getting vacuum sucked and licked along the underside of my shaft. The brown beauty puts her hands on my thighs and bobs her head up and down between my legs, with only my pole exposed.

"Ah... feels good, Teresa..."

"Nu-fufu... ppph, puft."

Teasingly wrapping a pink tongue around the glans, she sucks the tip with a series of kissing sounds. "Ah..." provocatively opening her mouth, she sensually licks and circles the meat pole.

"Fuhaha, Desmond's Desmond is getting all excited."

She smiles ferociously while handling me with her smooth hands. With those alluring brown cheeks, there's no way it wouldn't throb like crazy, ――Licking the tip, she takes it in her mouth and sucks on it.

With sweet and tantalizing impatience that shakes my pelvic bone, I unconsciously pat her platinum blonde head.

"Fummm..., Fuhaha."

Onee-sama's eyes were watery. ―― Cute. But, in those eyes, there's a shimmering light that conveys a certain feeling...

I stroke her head, running my fingers behind her well-shaped ears while she has that satisfied look and voice ―― fufufu. Tracing her refined contours, rubbing under her chin...

"Faa, Fuhaha..."

In a state of melting bliss, she parted her lips wide. It's an abyss that swallows me into the depths of pleasure. Squelching, the curved flesh pillar disappears into the her throat. "Nng... N, gu..."

"Oh..."

With muffled moans, the oral cavity tightens, and the tongue and cheek flesh squirm.

In this devilish mouth, I clench my ass and my fist as she swallows my shaft.

"Nu, Nu..."

Teresa's hips flailed as she was stabbed deep into her throat. Her throat vibrates. Transmitting the undulation of her hips to her mouth, she tries to suck out my cum like a super-sized onahole.

"...Haa, u, gguu... Teresa..."

I waffle her hair in the midst of pleasure. Rubbing her ears, her chin. "Fumuuh..." Teresa's hips undulated, tracing a lewd trajectory resembling the shape of ∞.

"Ngh, I'm cumming!"

"❤ ~~~~~ ❤ ❤"

In the midst of the approaching climax, I tremble inside Teresa's throat. Breathing heavily, she clamps down on the raging root inside her mouth, not letting go. Following my desires, I explode into the mouth of the brown onee-chan.

"Fuu, N... ❤"

Theresa seems even more satisfied than me, pulling out the flesh spear embedded in her beautiful face. And of course, it's a vacuum suck on the way back too. She sucked up every leftover that sticks on my pole, remaining drops in the urethral, without leaving any behind,

"Nh... ❤"

Inside her mouth, a pool of murky white fluid foamed. Her ecstatic and triumphant expression seemed innocent, and instinctively, I lifted her chin, dripping my saliva into it. Teresa closed her mouth with a dreamy look, diligently chewing on my fluids——extremely satisfying.

"Hufufu... how intense, even our unborn child is delighted."

What kind of sex demon child is this?

...It's an ero elf after all.

"What do you mean by that? Of course, it's our child. The one that we made when my sister and mother bound me. And then you pumping into me until I get pregnant."

——Mm-hmm, that's sure sounds like a crime.

Damn, is that the crystallization of our love? I'm starting to lose confidence.

"Mm, does Desmond not love me?"

Onee-sama pursed her lips.

Ah, there's a curly hair attached. While removing it,

"No, I love you, Onee-chan."

"Hufufu, I see, I see."

My imposing older sister nodded approvingly, her cheeks blushing. Her chest that let my arms sink in would undoubtedly raise my child splendidly.

And then, she thrust her tanned bewitching ass, clad in leotards, toward me. Ah, a solid place to house my child. From that entrance, the juice of desire overflowed onto her brown thighs and dripped down.

When I thrust my hips forward, the clenching became more intense. A delightful, soft sensation of her puffy pubic mound, and the visible wedging of her leotard was unbearable.

"Desmond, let me have a taste here too."

The face turned towards me already had the flushed appearance of a female in heat.

"Sure thing." When I stroked her plump ass, she let out a cute, sweet voice.

And when she shifted the leotard aside, her exposed lower mouth was——ferocious. It was the mouth of a carnivorous beast designed to devour a male.

Familiar with each other's movements, as I aligned and adjusted the angle with my hand, Teresa then smoothly docked it without having to turn around.

"Hufufufu... Nn, ah..."

Just like that, I started pumping my hips like I was at home, her plump and firm buttocks, with hidden but flexible muscles, asserted dominance over me as her waist undulated."

"Ha... Ah..."

The melting, sticky vaginal walls, with a strong and tight grip, expertly tightens. Embracing her from behind, I fondled her voluptuous breasts, kneading them tenderly. I buried my nose in her straight platinum blonde hair, and showered kisses on her tanned neck.

——Leaving kiss marks.

"Hufufu, Nn, aahhh Desmond❤ so good❤... Nh, ahhh..."

Her folds conveyed her love for me in the most overwhelming way. I held onto her thin waist as she squirmed, moving in sync with my thrusts.

"Haaaah ❤"

Sensual and suggestive sounds echoed into the quiet room. ——Well, this is not okay... But,

"It feels so good I can't stop!" I pinched and twisted the base of her nipples.

"Nnguuu ❤" Her body shook. Our tongues entwined when she turned with a drunken look. Slimy, slippery mucous membranes intertwined, eagerly seeking each other without caring about the drool dripping.

Our lewd fluids spill onto the soft royal sofa, and with each bounce, the mark of pleasure met with its remarkable recoil.

Setting it into a beat.

"Huhh ❤ Ohh, hoooOOO ❤❤ It transimited❤ uuh, into my womb❤ Our child can feel Desmond fucking me ❤❤"

I can feel a sucking sensation at the entrance of her uterus—— I want to believe it's not the child's doing.

"Oh ...... it's sucking me."

"Ejaculate, in me, feed your seed into my lower mouth!"

"Alright, I'll let you drink plenty."

Desire's magma was simmering in the depths of my abdomen. It bubbled and boiled, instantly traveling to my hard cock,

"HaaaAAA ❤ Ah, in, it's in... Desmond's hot thing is in my womb, all bubbling ... Hufufufufu ❤... so much... ❤"

I grabbed her slender waist and poured myself into her. ...Actually, Teresa was already eagerly hugging me with all her might even without me doing such a thing. ―― Gufufu.

Haa... so good... in the guest room of the royal castle at that.

Well, you see, it's been a while since I was told to wait here and no one has come yet.

And so, on the plush sofa, I poured into Teresa in the missionary position. Still, it seems there's no sign of anyone coming to get us,

"Ah, ah, ah, yes❤! So hard, so good, ohhh!"

*Plap plap plap plap plap.*

Until the alarm from "Chicken Sense" went off, I continued a lot of pounding and poured a lot of cream into Teresa from behind, who had her hands clung to the back of the sofa.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You may raise your head, Desmond Damwead."

I really didn't want to hear those words.

I never imagined I'd be in a place like this, the audience chamber. It's so majestic and serious. Just the atmosphere alone seems suffocating for someone like me, a small fry.

As much as she acted all chummy with me, there's no way they would allow a walking nuclear warhead into the audience chamber. Whether that's really the case or not, let's set aside our opinion for now, especially after we've been invited...

With a bit of hesitation, I slowly raise my head, and there, before me, is His Majesty.

Harold V, nearing middle age, has chiseled features and striking blue eyes. A few wisps of white intermingle with his golden locks. His demeanor exudes an air of self-discipline rather than ruthless authority. He's like the picture-perfect king who holds himself to high standards. Is it disrespectful to think a bathrobe would suit him perfectly?

But not only that, there are also the surrounding, stereotypical noble old men! Every single one of them is sizing me up as if they were trying to judge me.......

――Being stared at by men is not my cup of tea, at all!

Screw the title, please send me home, I beg you.

But...

The king won't entertain such a thing.

"Desmond Damwead."

I've been summoned, but I keep my mouth shut. Because I haven't been given permission yet. Then, His Majesty says,

"Your presence in the capital with the dragon caused chaos among the people myself."

Hehe-!?

Oh no, I managed to hold back from chucking.

"I will bestow upon you a title as planned, but with recompense."

I don't need a title, please let me off the hook, but I still haven't been given permission to speak.

"Aisha."

With that, the king called out,

*Clack.*

Came the sound of hard boots,

――Oh, a gallant female knight. My crotch is stirring.

But now's not the time to be saying that. Yeah, I know, but there's nothing I can do about it.

"As part of your punishment, I order you to fight her and demonstrate your strength. And if you win, you must impregnate her on the spot."

――Wha?

Wait, What's going on now?

Fight this girl as reparations for causing chaos by arriving at the capital with a dragon? And if I win, I get to impregnate her?

...Eh?

Wait, is that really punishment? It seems more like a reward than anything else, doesn't it?

"...As I thought."

Margaret's voice suddenly intrudes, as usual, echoing through my mind.

"We showcased our power with Teresa-chan and Schwarz-chan, but they want to have you demonstrate your strength as well, Desmond-sama. And they ensure your compliance through an offer..."

――What's this, setup for a comeback? Who was the one who engineered this irrefutable situation?!

"All brought by Margaret, a woman after your own heart,"

Make no mistake, but it's impossible for an old lady like—— "Ahh?"

——Pii

"Well, everything is well within expectations. Desmond-sama just needs to defeat his opponent and impregnate her, like usual."

...Wait, what do you mean 'like usual'? What kind of character am I portraying inside her mind, despite being such a chicken-shit?

"He's a wonderful man who impregnated his sister-in-law and mother-in-law."

That's definitely a dangerous individual that needs to keep an eye on! The desirable concept of Ero elf-esque should never be spread.

And then,

"Ah, also, Desmond-sama, I believe you understand this already, but it would be unwise for you to fully enjoy this maiden in front of everyone. As per the customs, It's just merely to ensure her conception. You understand that it would be troublesome if they became aware of eroticism."

Glancing around, they're all typical noble gentlemen.

――Hmm, that's true....

But there's no way I can refuse this reparation turns reward now. It's because of my mother-in-law's fault!

"I humbly accept."

And with that, my only option is to bow my head.

◇

"Who would have thought someone would ride into the capital atop a dragon... The Impregnation Lord, truly a formidable man..."

"And to arrive accompanied by the Platinum Breaker... with a child already growing in her belly... the rumors are indeed true..."

While Desmond and Teresa were causing a ruckus in the guest room, the elders of the country gathered in the king's office to discuss the impertinent lord who flaunt his power.

The faces of the participants were filled with frustration and bewilderment.

"But they seem to be quite considerate towards us."

When the Prime Minister said these words, the fact that he did not show any overt suspicion, even if they did not understand him, was a testament to the fact that he was one of the country's most prominent figures.

He appears to be a rational individual. If Desmond was here, he would undoubtedly dub him "Insidious Glasses,"

Desmond showed his military power. It's something they can't just ignore as a kingdom.

But thanks to his display of power in such a way, it became possible to impose penalties, which could be seen as an act of submission to the kingdom. Otherwise, there could have been more strategic methods to apply pressure. He simply displayed his strength openly, casting doubt upon the kingdom and initiating negotiations. If his aim was to assert dominance, he could have utilized more cunning tactics. This illustrates the extent of the threat posed by the Sovereign Black Dragon and the Platinum Breaker. ——No, it could be more than that. The Gray Hound, the Witch of Terrace, the Aldora Knights, along with their allies, all united and brought together against the Kingdom,.......

Despite having such "power", he deliberately took on blame himself, giving the Kingdom a pretext to punish him. In that case, it's nothing but a submissive intention with a resolve to conflict, and furthermore,

——We are being tested.

When he heard that he arrived in the capital on a dragon, and then heard of his actions,

Hahaha,

the Prime Minister couldn't help and nearly chuckled.

He - or they, or the Witch of the Terrace, or whichever - had put us on a spot. They were testing the Kingdom. How the Kingdom would respond in such a situation...

I already set the stage. So, what about you all? What about your table manners in the face of this feast?

――Interesting.

Apologies to the anxious, but it's essentially a forceful examination of our sincerity. To launch an attack and then gauge our capabilities. It was quite a disrespectful action for a noble, but if he genuinely possesses such power, it appears to be fair and straightforward.

In a sense, it's a head-on fight as a nobleman.

Not a petty squabble between small fry.

The Prime Minister finds it quite to his liking, perhaps even more so than he dares to admit. Surely——no, undoubtedly, the King shares the sentiment. Despite his stern and cold demeanor, the Prime Minister can see it. Behind the King's tightly sealed lips, there's a suppressed chuckle.

But even though they may be important enough to be present here, how many of them are truly following this game of wits?

"Your Majesty, if I may make a suggestion," the Prime Minister addresses the King.

"Go ahead."

"At this point, why not allow Desmond Damwead to confront her?"

With just that, it seems the King grasps the Prime Minister's intentions.

The Prime Minister doesn't miss the subtle relaxation of the King's lips, bordering on a smile.

――He appears to be quite amused.

The Prime Minister's lips twitch slightly in response.

"Very well."

"Understood. I will arrange it as such."

With a respectful nod from the Prime Minister, the plan is set in motion.

Give Desmond a chance to showcase his strength as the leader of his faction. Even if he arrives with a dragon or the Platinum Breaker in tow, there may be some who doubt his own strength. We'll provide him with an opportunity to demonstrate that strength before the court.

And she, despite being a woman, is strong. In the noble society where women should only be vessels for bearing children, she's more than capable. She insists that if she's to be treated as a tool, then he who wants to be her owner must demonstrate his strength. Some men offered to be her opponent, but there weren't many noblemen who wanted to surround themselves with such a woman in the first place. Moreover, even if they tried to use her as a womb to give birth to the <Shadow>, she wouldn't allow it, and most importantly...

If Desmond wins, her ownership will be decided, bringing relief to her family. By impregnating her on the spot, he'll confirm whether he truly deserves the title of the Impregnation Lord.

We could have asked for the secret of impregnating a woman as reparation, but that would have been lacking in dignity. Because they are inquiring about our table manners.

We could have demanded the secret of impregnating her as reparation, but that would have compromised our dignity. They're inquiring about our table manners after all.

In other words, this is a mutually beneficial negotiation, if they are testing us, then we will also throw the ball back by testing them.

――If you're going to challenge us, then prove your strength.

That was the Kingdom's stance.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Aisha Scarlet held the sword, it was just for a play. It was her stage, and it was the play of the adults around her at that time.

Yes, it was supposed to be just a game.

Little did one know that this mere act of gripping her sword would end up determining her future.

◇

"Allow me to introduce myself, I am Aisha Scarlet. It's a pleasure to meet you, Lord Desmond Damwead."

With an air that seemed to echo a dignified clang, she bowed her head. This seemed to be a knights' training ground——a decently sized square. With that motion, her tied-back black hair swayed gracefully behind her. She appeared to be a female knight, her appearance makes her seem somewhat like a samurai.

Wrapped in armor with a design reminiscent of dragon scales, and in her hand —— a sword? With her black hair and sharp brown eyes, she looked somewhat Eastern. In this country, nobles are typically blond with blue eyes, while commoners have flaxen hair and auburn eyes. She had a distinctive appearance... Unfortunately, her body's lines were not visible under the armor. Truly regrettable. And as for her appearance age, it seemed to be in her early twenties. But, due to the certain T family, it can make a person think twice about a woman's actual age.

"Desmond Damwead, a pleasure to meet you," I replied.

Well, to do that, I have to defeat her first... And "Chicken Sense" isn't reacting at all, and I don't feel the same sensation when facing Grandpa, Teresa, Schwarz, or even Margaret. I can do this, I can do this.

"I would like to know the meaning of placing me last..."

Alright, I don't feel the same pressure coming from "Heart Communication" right now either.

——*Shiver*.

Surrounded by excited nobles and the king. And alongside them were the knights tasked with protecting them, as well as the mages. Truly, they deserved a raise for that. ——Though, it wasn't my place to say so.

"Are you not going to take up arms?"

"Ah, I'm not skilled with weapons. So, I hope you understand that I'm not underestimating you."

With that, she opened her eyes just a little wider.

"I understand."

I felt a faint smile tug at her lips, or at least I hoped it wasn't just my imagination. Because I couldn't help but feel a little nervous. And then she drew her sword.

I was taken aback. ―― In a different sense.

【Physical Enhancement】, activate! Yeah, as expected of a coward, I can perform it reflexively.

When Aisha-chan in front of me widened her eyes slightly. The surrounding nobles began to murmur.

――What an impeccable cast of【Physical Enhancement】. And it's fast. It's as if a mass of steel suddenly appeared.

Huh? Aisha-chan seems impressed, but why? I just used 【Physical Enhancement】. I can hear voices from around saying I'm fast, but... what else could I do?! If a sword is pointed at me, of course, I'm going to use 【Physical Enhancement】as fast as possible! Sorry for being a chicken! And don't you dare say 'so fast' to Impregnation Lord! It sounds insulting in another context!

Hmph.

I wanted to say something in anger, but since Aisha-chan is staring me down, chicken me can't say anything. So, I relaxed. Whatever happens, I'll stay calm, I'll stay calm and composed.

―― Unfazed by my pressure, he remained composed... like a mountain. His unwavering demeanor is like a vast river. Not just flawless, but it feels like I'm being engulfed just by facing him... Is this what it means to be a Lord? ...I was quite arrogant. You can't count on rumors after all. I need to go all out from the start.

【Mana Boost】. 【Physical Enhancement】. 【Five Senses Enhancement】... With these, my senses feel sharper and everything seems larger... 【Defense Wall】and 【Slash】 charged... Skill "World Stop".

............【Shrinking Step】.

Whoa, that was fast.

She's clearly honing her magic, using... one, two, three, four.... Impressive, seriously. And then, just when I thought she had succeeded in making me feel like a fool, she was suddenly right there in front of me.

Her slanted eyes looked up at me from below, and our gazes met. Magic surged in the sword she drew with fluid movements. She's all fired up, indeed, I understand... But those eyelashes though.

"Beautiful."

Oops, it slipped out.

She seemed to hear my mutter, her eyes widened, and then, with a graceful movement, her lips softened——

"【Magic Severance】."

――Severance...cut at the roots? As "Impregnation Lord," I feel cold between my legs.

...Well, I believe she won't do something as horrible as that, and besides, I won't be hit by a technique of this level.

Hup,

I dodged her sword, and her slash then redirected toward the king.

――Oh crap!

I hurriedly ran to break her slash, then ran back in front of her.

If I were the one directing the line of fire, or if Aisha were accused of a crime, I'd be in serious trouble.

―― Good job, me.

As I let out a sigh of relief,

*...Rustle, rustle...*

"What... just happened?"

"Just when 《Red Flower》 disappeared, so did 'Impregnate Lord.' And then there was a loud noise out of nowhere..."

―― Huh? Did you all not see that? I don't think it was that fast, though.

"Lord Damwead,"

Aisha-chan called out to me. Wondering what it was about, I turned my gaze to her.

"I'll aim at your chest next."

I wanted to open my arms and say, "Come on, if you don't mind," but then, like a crane, she leaped in. Soared into the air, transforming into a flurry of slashes... Yep, she's definitely trying to kill me, isn't she?

Hmm, looks like she's decided to throw a bunch of attacks at me this time, but... she's just too straightforward, you know? Not like Teresa or Schwarz, who come at me with overwhelming force, or Grandpa with all those subtle moves. She's polished, sure, but honestly, she's just too predictable. I can handle her without even needing my Chicken Sense to alert me.

She's really pretty and super talented, but compared to the lively training sessions (both actual training and not-so-much-combat-training) I have with the girls from the Aldora Knights, formerly the Platinum Knights, I don't sense that wild intensity. Maybe she could beat my girls in a fair match but in a real fight? Nah, She'd need to be way higher up, maybe Vice Commander level. But hey, can't deny she's stunning.

――Fufu, still at ease, huh? I can't help but chuckle. Here I am, throwing slashes at him, and he just calmly countering them all barehanded. Not just blocking, but actually redirecting them... Amazing. But what's even more impressive is the fact that he's looking me straight in the eye. He can read me through our sword clashes, without a hint of hesitation like 'because she's a woman' or 'even though she's a woman,' he just skillfully handles my attacks.

...It feels nice.

Even though her strikes aren't landing, it's still enjoyable. There's something captivating about a beautiful woman wielding her sword with such joy, her black hair swaying and glistening with sweat. Hmm, it's quite mesmerizing. And those rosy cheeks, radiating a healthy and refreshing allure, ....they're starting to stir something in me.

"Wha... what's this? He brushed off 《Red Flower》 so easily..."

"Even though she's a woman, she's still our Knight Commander...."

I could hear voices around me.

...I see, so now she's at the level of a knight commander... Mm, our military power is indeed formidable, isn't it? Yes, that's right. It's not good to think about this now. But...

Originally, Grandpa and Teresa were supposed to be the "strongest," not belonging to any faction, so it's strange that they're both with me... The other "strongest," from what I've heard, are 《Steel General(the Muscle)》 and 《Duke Phantom》 (oh, it's that brat from before, who made a fuss while interlocking hands with me...), these two are on the kingdom's side. Um, as for the others... Oh, by the way, the 《Witch of the Terrace》 who thrust me into this situation is not "strongest" but "most wicked," apparently. ――Hmm, I see.

"Haa!"

With a fierce determination, Aisha-chan brandishes her sword. As she twirls with a sweeping motion, her black hair flows, and I instinctively catch the pleasant aroma of sweat lingering on it. I can't help but wonder if there's a chance of me getting splattered with her sweat...

She spins once and extends, then sweeps horizontally again.

Could you spin one more time? One more refill of sweat and scent, please. However, truly, truly disappointing, she was just standing there with her arms hanging down, breathing heavily. The panting breath is refreshing and uneven, and her gleaming eyes are full of life. Hmm, wonderful.

"I yield."

Ooh!

Noise erupted from the surroundings. Hmm, they wanted a display of strength, but was this alright? It feels like I only served as her sparring partner.

Well, it seems fine.

With that thought,

Aisha-chan knelt before me.

Hmm, indeed, both in appearance and atmosphere, she's somewhat samurai-like. Um, um, not bad at all.

"Lord Desmond, if I may be so bold, I have a request for you."

Umu, let's hear it.

"Please, impregnate me."

Umu, let's... wait, what?

No, no, wait, certainly that's what I want and it was originally our agreement, so I was thinking of giving you a good, thorough seeding, but now?

Wait, why did you put your hand on your armor? And then, *snap, snap,* without any hesitation, she tried to take off her...

Stop! Aisha, stop! Stay!

I lifted her in a princess carry to stop her. Hmm, she's so light. And... Ah, what a nice scent... It's from her sweat.

"Eh... Ah...?" She widened her eyes in surprise at such close proximity. The desire to impregnate her becomes unbearable. But not now.

"No, you won't. I have no objection to impregnating you, but not here, showing your body to other men would be unavoidable. ――You are mine."

I whispered in her ear.

While sniffing discreetly.

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Allow me to offer a suggestion,"

I spoke.

"Very well."

"Thank you. I have no objection to impregnating her here. However, would it not be inappropriate to expose a lady's skin to the public without her consent?"

"A lady..."

I thought I heard a murmur softly from within my arms, Aisha-chan buried her face into my chest. Yes, by all means, use my chest as much as you want. - Gufufu,

"What is he thinking? Is this man challenging His Majesty's prior decree?"

"In this moment... is he still trying to keep the impregnation act a secret?"

But, it should be fine, right? This is still a pretty harmless suggestion!

...As evidence of that,

"Of course, we cannot allow shame to be brought upon my subject, even if she's just a woman."

Saying so, the king raised his hand. And lo and behold, quietly, the attendants stepped forward,

"【Storage】."

Seriously. Right in the middle of the training ground where Aisha-chan had been swinging her weapon to her heart's content just a minute ago, and where I was lending my chest to her (figuratively), appeared a majestic bed, a cover to give some sense of privacy, and lube for some baby-making shenanigans.

——Kuh, as expected, the king's cunning knows no bounds.

It's like they already planned this out——as if they knew this was coming because the prime minister looked a little smug. They must have expected what someone like me would think. That wicked face really suits Minister Inken... cough... the prime minister with the smart glasses.

Like....

——Impregnation Lord, can you really live up to your name?

I've heard he holds women in high regard. Perhaps that's the secret to his "impregnation" prowess. For nobles who view women as tools, they wouldn't hesitate to expose the woman's body for the sake of uncovering that secret here. But if he's considerate of women's feelings, he would hesitate to expose their private parts in this setting.

The choice between pushing through or showing consideration.

If we tacitly approve, it will be a stance of accepting unreasonable demands from him, and if we show consideration towards women, it will show sincerity to the Impregnation Lord. That's why we didn't neglect our preparation. We don't deny your ideology. And we're sure we can predict and respond to it.

Furthermore——can the king silence the nobles with his power?

Analysis, consideration, and the king's influence. He calculated our strength and situation with a single move.

——Haha...... how amusing. How regrettable it was that we had let him sleep this long. ——Sleeping dragon. His "D" must really be the "D" from the dragon.

Kuh, somehow I feel like those glasses are seeing right through me.

I never had much confidence in my Aristocratic skills, to begin with, and in front of the prime minister, who looks like the peak of intellectuals right now, I find myself unable to speak. I don't feel like I can win with words, at all! As a coward, I'm only good at peeking at people's faces. And that face is surely suppressing a smirk! Gnunununu...

*Sigh*, it can't be helped. Honestly, I wanted to thoroughly enjoy the act of deflowering her, I wanted to taste her virgin nectar directly.——although I know the taste won't change much (from experience). Damn it, the kingdom, damn it, the king, the prime minister, the nobles, damn it all. Was it really too much to ask for a bit of consideration?"

This is why important people.....don't understand the hearts of people of cultures.

While thinking so, I glanced at Aisha-chan in my arms. Her fair cheeks were faintly blushing like apples, and I felt like showering kisses even on her forehead with her bangs not yet lifted.

"Do you mind?" ——About this publicly humiliating exhibitionist situation. But I couldn't bring myself to add that.

"....Yes. I was expecting this from the start. To be impregnated by you in front of everyone who witnessed my defeat... haa," she trembled, exhaling a warm breath.

"...It's truly... an honor..."

——Huh? Could it be, is this girl already in heat? I haven't done anything lewd yet, have I? Even if I'm called the 'Impregnation Lord,' awakening someone's eros with just eye contact is a bit too much. ...No, perhaps, as a female knight, even in a world without eros, she possesses the "Ku, kill me... (but she's actually aroused)" attribute! (Other female knights are not relevant here. ...or were they even knights? There's plenty of room for debate.)

Seriously, It's so amazing...I thought to myself, while still holding Aisha-chan in my arms, I hurriedly approached the bed and gently laid her down.

"...Ah," she muttered, still in her armor, her cheeks tinged with pink, and her pink lips slightly parted. How could I resist? No, I couldn't. It might seem like a waste, but if that's how it is, then let's just do it tonight, okay? Gufufufufu.

I also climbed onto the bed eagerly, covered her lower body with the sheet, removed her belt, and pulled down her pants along with her panties.

"Huh, I'm already undressed? The movement...is so natural, no window for me to resist at all..."

I want to kiss those slightly widened eyes a little, but... I must resist! Ugh, so frustrated. As a retaliation, I gently touched her crotch——

*Twitch!*

——Gufufu. Good, good.

I spread her legs and slipped in. Properly hidden by the sheet so no one around can see it. I don't really need the lotion, but since I'm doing this without awakening her eros first, it's necessary.

First, use 【Clean】 on my hand.

Taking a little on my fingertips, I rub it into her vagina gently.

"Th-Thank you... ah, so gentle..."

What a good girl. Even though I'm inserting my fingers into her without asking, she's thanking me for an act that a man wouldn't normally do. No problem, no problem at all.

Then, since I'm already erect, I just need to pull down my pants and underwear.

*Boing!*

*...Murmer.*

Eh? My son is also properly hidden under the sheet, right? Well, let's just ignore the crowd for now. Well then,

——"Coming through~♪

◇

『Such skilled movements...,』

『All the action up until the insertion, it was as if it was as natural as breathing.』

『And moreover, the size of it...judging how the sheet was lifted up a moment ago... 』

*gulp*

『So, this is the Impregnation lord...』

◇

Haah, ah, ahh... it's coming, it's coming in. Desmond-sama's penis is throbbing inside me, and... I'm being impregnated... it's so... hot.

Aisha felt the hot sensation of the man inside her.

Using lubrication, even if she was a virgin, she didn't feel any pain.

Still, she could feel the strong virility of the man, moving repeatedly inside her, continuously releasing hot fluids deep into her womb.

So many... entering... me... huh? Is this how impregnation works, repeatedly like this? According to what I've heard, it's supposed to end after insertion and ejaculation... but this is still... moreover, with such force that it feels like it's being slammed into me... this is unmistakably thick semen. Truly worthy of the "Impregnation Lord" title.

Haa... so much... being poured in... huh? Is this how impregnation works? Doing it....multiple times? it's supposed to end after insertion and ejaculation... but this sensation....and such force hitting deep inside me... this is unmistakably thick semen. Truly worthy of the 'Impregnator' title.

Unfortunately...

"...Are you ejaculating? Is it over?"

He's still ejaculating inside my vagina. As if he's trying to fill my womb with his sperm and completely drown it. (Heart pounding)

"...Did you get pregnant?"

——No, unfortunately...

It was when Aisha tried to respond to the impudent voices around her.

"...Unfortunately, I'm not."

The "Impregnation Lord" responded in an excessively calm tone.

Though the nobles around murmured, "See, I told you, there's no way he's the Impregnation Lord." is just an exaggeration. It's impossible to get pregnant in one go,"

There was disappointment, contempt, and... relief in their midst.

But he shattered that reality.

The lord's voice echoed solemnly.

"Let's start."

◇

Na, ah, aaah...

Hmm, Aisha-chan's seductive voice. Her eyes were reddened, and her usually stern gaze was now watery. I can't help but worry about what might happen if the nobles around were awakened to eros by this voice... but I suppose it's probably safe.

Now then, let's see.

And so, I connected myself to my own semen, which was now pulsating within Aisha-chan's womb. She must be feeling bewildered by the heat within her own womb, accessed by the semen coming into her uterus and ovaries.

Access complete. And now,

Come on, ovulate——there's nothing to be afraid of, good girl, good girl, come on out——Gufufufu.

"Eh, ah, w-what..."

*Pokon♪*

And there it is.

Her almond-shaped eyes widened, and I couldn't help but marvel at how cute she looked... why does it make my heart skip a beat? I remained inserted, guiding my sperm toward her eggs.

"Uu, uah... I-I've been impregnated..."

Her expression was one of a maiden being attacked not by sperm, but by countless tiny versions of me. As she gazed at me with a longing look, even though I hadn't taught her about sexual desire yet, her expression was so submissive. It's so frustrating not being able to latch onto those lips!

"............Ah..."

fufu, Mission complete.

I want to make a smug face, but I resist. I continue to remain calm,

"I-I'm... pregnant..."

Aisha-chan says.

Then there's a commotion...

Ugh, what an audience. That scream is unnecessary.

I wanted to say it. But even so, a declaration from the girl impregnated (in public) is... well, it is what it is. I must exert all my efforts to prevent myself from developing a forbidden interest in such matters!

Then...

"What?! How dare you joke about such a serious matter!"

One of the nobles shouted angrily. He looked quite oily, to say the least. He approached, hey, wait...

*floosh*!

He tore off the sheets without any hesitation.

But it's safe. I quickly pulled off from Aisha-chan and helped her put on her pants and underwear without wiping off my semen. That's one set done, right? Yeah.

——Anyhow,

Aisha-chan's modesty was preserved. But...

"N, a, a, aahhh!"

An old man dropped to his knees, crying out as if his virginity had been taken. Not something anyone wanted to witness.

"Uwaaah!"

"Hii, hiiii!"

Please, could you please not look at it with eyes like you're seeing some kind of monster? These men are screaming like pigs, don't they have the same thing between their legs? ―― I don't understand.

"W-What a commanding presence. The thickness, the length, and how it's pulsating ... such ominousness..."

"D-Did he have a dragon in his crotch..."

"《Impregnation Lord》 Demon... Dragon....Monster..."

Those isn't a description of a penis. ——Well, it can't be denied that Aisha-chan's deflowering blood adds to the ominousness 100%.

"If I were penetrated by that, I would... I'd be pregnant too... kyaaa! It's moving!" Well, if such a noble lady says that... "...White stuff is coming out from the tip..." —— *Throb!*

"Ah... ah, that thing was inside me until just now..."

When I look at her, Aisha-chan's eyes widen cutely, and her mouth opens and closes. I'd love for her to clean my "meat sword" with that mouth, but if I do that here, I'll never be treated like a human being again.

"Ah...,"

Aisha-chan's intense gaze was directed toward my meat sword, "Inside my vagina, throbbing, over and over again... keeps spitting out....so hot, so thick...... making my womb drown, impregnated in front of everyone..."

Huh? Her eyes seem to be getting moist, her breath hotter and more agitated... Oh no, now my flesh sword is throbbing even more.

Amidst the murmurs, Aisha-chan and I gaze at each other for a moment...

"Silence! Show some respect! This is in front of his majesty!"

What a capable prime minister. then there's Aisha-chan, who's been impregnated, and me, who exposed my weapon in front of the king (both literally and metaphorically).

Stop it, my son! Please don't make a scene!

And yet, my noble "weapon" remains erect. It's admirable, but...Could it be? that it's trying to save its offspring in a life-threatening situation? And what about "Chicken Sense," who conveniently avoided duties every time? Perhaps hiding behind the gym? Or in this world, should I say behind the training grounds? But this is not the time to think about that...

I need to survive first!

As I stand there, with my towering "weapon" exposed, the king speaks up——

If you like my translation, please consider sending me some ko―if .

I truly appreciate any support you can give.